Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A book can't make a man a better man unless it stops him from being a fool.   Find me on:  Twitter
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was an extremely boring and repetitive read. I felt like I was reading the same book over and over. This is why I was so disappointed with the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   "This is an excellent book about the science of how you can control your mind."  -Michael Shermer, Skeptic
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* The book's a good read but the characters are very shallow and uninteresting. This is the only thing that kept me reading this book. The characters are completely unlikable and not very interesting. I really do not get the point of the story other than it being about a girl with a mental disorder. This book is very short so the only enjoyment I get out of it is from watching a bad movie and it's the best thing I have read in years. I am going to give this book a 2/4 stars because the characters were very shallow but I am so disappointed with this book because the writing is so bad and the characters really didn't add anything. ********
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so boring, I just went back to reading the "real" books!  It's not worth the money, and if you can find this one in a used book store, you're better off buying it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book! I'm sure most people who enjoyed the book will like it too. The characters were believable and I liked how they reacted to their situation. I like the romance and the ending was great, but I did wish the book ended a bit sooner. Overall, it was a good book and I enjoyed it!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was not a good book.  There are things that I liked about the book, but not enough to recommend it.    The author has not a clue what he is writing about.  The story was not interesting at all.  He tried to make the story about a bunch of people who were trying to help others and had their own struggles.  It just wasn't believable.  Even the end of the book made no sense, I found it difficult to connect to the characters.  I really wanted to like this book, I really did.  But I just could not.  3 out of 4 stars:     The story of a bunch people trying to find a way to help a woman who has been raped, and her attempts to do so.  This is a good story, but it is not believable at all!  This was a poorly written book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was okay. It's a bit slow and it's a shame the author didn't have more time to expand on the story.  6)  What we would have done in the same situation:    That's a great question.   We have a lot of trouble trusting the other person, but I think I have found a way to keep my guard up and not let my guard down.  I don't trust myself at all.  7)  Do you like it? :     No. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed this book a lot. I got a few laughs out of it, but the story was pretty lame. I found the book interesting and wanted to read more. I can't imagine how many people actually enjoyed this one. I would suggest this to people who are looking for a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The first time I read this book, I was hooked.  I've been a fan of the Dresden Files for a long time.  "I don't think there's anything else like it." - James Patterson "This is the best book by Jim Butcher ever written." - Michael J. Sullivan "A wonderful read. This is the first book in a new series." - Lisa K. "One of the best new series from a fantasy author I have ever read." - Jason A. Burns "The best Dresden Files novel I have read. It is so well written and thought-out that it's hard to believe that it took him this long to write it." --Michael A. Stackpole
Write a negative review about a bad book: ******** I got this book for my husband, who had recently gotten his first computer and wanted to get an early start on a new hobby. I was expecting something like a book for a novice programmer. Not only is it not a beginner book, it's a book about how to fail as a beginner. As a beginner I was shocked that I was not learning anything at all. I have tried this book many times and I'm afraid that it will only serve to further entrench my fear of the computer. The book is a longish book, but is very repetitive. I'd like to try to go through the whole thing again, but I'm sure I'm not going to like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The ending was too rushed and abrupt. The story could have ended with a little more time with the characters and some more explanation as to what was happening and why. It is also odd that there is no one who seems to be on the side of the characters to help them, but instead there is an evil man, who is apparently on a crusade to destroy the world. I will not recommend this book to anyone, because it's way too long and the story gets too predictable.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very bad book.  This book is not just a waste of time.  It is a waste your money.   The plot is bad.  The story is very poor.  There are no good characters.  In the first half the characters are the main focus and the author seems to be giving them some backstory.  This book has no plot, no characters, and no plot twists.  And the author is telling us that the story will have a happy ending.  Why is this book even being written?  This author is trying to cash in on a popular book series, and it is all going to come crashing down on her.  So much for the ending.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am disappointed that this book was not as good as the last one. I had been looking forward to reading this one for a long time. I'm sure the author had her reasons for keeping it so long, but it seems like the author was not very enthusiastic about this book.  In short, it was too much work, too long, and didn't have the heart and soul I wanted to find in this book, but I still tried to enjoy it as much as possible. I was very sad to see it come to an end.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm a sucker for this type of thing. If the characters aren't interesting or if the story is boring, I'm usually willing to forgive the poor quality of the writing. If you have a good idea of the story or a decent plot, I think I'm more likely to keep reading and I'll be disappointed if I don't.   However, this book is just so terribly written. I had to look up a lot of things because there's no actual plot. The only thing you really need to know about this book's characters is that they're all idiots. It's so obvious that they all suck in the beginning of the book that I can't help but wonder how anyone thinks they're a group of people worth listening to. If this were a movie, this would be the "plot" and you'd be like, "But wait a second! The whole movie is about them being idiots!"   It's the main character's first day of college. She's a freshman, so she's supposed to be learning about the class, and that's the extent of her character development. So she gets the day started by sitting in the corner of the classroom where she has the least amount of freedom. It looks like the room she's in is going to be a total disaster from the get-go, but she decides to sit down and take a nap. She wakes up a few hours later, realizes that her laptop has been stolen and decides that this is the best way to catch the thief. As she searches, she starts to notice that some of the other students are missing. She decides to go into the room where the missing people are being held and tries to make a scene. But, after realizing that this will only bring attention to the missing students, she just takes a nap again. The next morning, she's not in the room when the students come running in to tell her that someone had been taken away. And when they ask her who, she tells them that she doesn't know. After realizing that she is, in fact, the thief, she makes a run for it. She runs down a hall and finds a bunch of people in a basement. They tell her they found the missing laptop in the basement and that she's going to pay them to get the laptop back for her.   of course, the laptop turns out to be in the possession of the thief's mom. And now the mom has a list of names of people
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- "I was disappointed to see this book being made into a movie and so did everyone I know. I'm disappointed because it's really not all that good. The writing is mediocre at best. The acting is very poor, especially the female lead who can barely say a word. The characters are a mess, and it's obvious that the author put little effort into creating a coherent plot."
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I have never bought a book from a library, and it seems that a good percentage of books I have read in the last ten years or so were acquired via the Internet, as opposed to any kind of physical library. This was not a pleasant experience, as I have not bought a copy of any book from any bookstore in years, so I have very little to compare it to.   This is not the case with this book. The writing is smooth, and the plot was engaging, and well written. The pacing was good, the plot is intriguing, and there were several moments where I really wanted to know what happened next. However, the character development was very slow, and when things did happen, I was left with a sense that I was missing something, and that this could have been a much better book. I'm not sure how this book fits into my reading rotation, but I did like it, and I hope it gets some good feedback.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was terrible.  There are two problems: 1.    It's a self-help book.   No one ever goes to a self help book expecting a book on how to be more successful.  I am a successful person.  There are no techniques in this book to help me become more successful, there are no tools to help you with your job, there is no advice on how do you get your husband to stop beating you, there's no advice at all about how to find love and how to avoid getting married to someone who makes you miserable.  2.  The author is trying to make this book about the importance of having your priorities straight.  He is trying so hard to convince you that you need to have your priorities right and that if you don't get your priorities all right you'll lose all the happiness and joy you have.  Unfortunately this is a complete failure because you can have your preferences and still have a happy, successful, fulfilling life.  For example, I don't really like cooking.  If I wanted to cook I'd go out and find a good chef to take care of me.  It's just not something I would like to do.  But I do love to cook.  And that's fine.  So in the book he goes through all the reasons why you should enjoy your life and why your life doesn't matter and that there is nothing you can do about it.  My problem with this is, he is wrong.  Why can't I enjoy my life if I don´t have my priorities straight?  I think it's a book for people who want to change the world by being more successful and who want some advice on what to do about their problems.  This book is full of contradictions.  No one can change the way he thinks.  Even his self-improvement strategies are contradictory.  One of them says: " The single most important tool in self-development is the discipline to put aside your current preferences and values in order to do something different." This is true.  However, he goes on to say: "… if you keep doing what you've been doing for the last twenty years, you won't get any better and your self-esteem will be even lower than it is now." He then goes on and says:  " But if you decide to change your approach to life, the change will take place
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I love this book. I was going to give it five stars because the author has a wonderful imagination, but then I realized that it's just another collection of stories, the same old "monster from outer space" stories. This book is a bit more clever than the others in that it uses the concept of "alien-man" to its full advantage. It's a good book that isn't the worst. I recommend it, but don't waste your time on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked the book but the way it was presented was terrible. There was nothing good about it. I would not recommend this book. It is just a collection of anecdotes about various people's experiences. I do agree with the reviews that have been posted: This book will be a great reference book for students, teachers, and anyone who works in a library.  It is a great read, with an interesting collection of stories and some really interesting information. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________________ This is a great book that I recommend to everyone. I can't recommend it enough. It has a lot of good info. It doesn't take away from the power of the books or the fact that it is an interesting read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The author has a good grasp of the fundamentals, but the book is still very much about the psychology of addiction.   This is a good book. I have been reading the same ones since I was 13 years old. I'm a very different person now than I was then, and I am thankful that I have had the chance to learn more from this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A novel about the life of an African American man who goes to work in a white male dominated work environment. He goes from being a nice and quiet black man, to being a "goody two shoes" who is the butt of every joke by his white coworkers. The book is so self-indulgent and over the top that it really takes away from the main purpose of the book, which is about the man's life. The main characters are too unrealistic to be likable. I have no idea why this is the case.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a waste of time. I wanted to read more about the characters, but it was hard to relate to them. It was all about the writing style, and the story lines were so slow and boring. I would not recommend this book to anyone, because I will not be reading it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________ I bought this book to give to my friend. I had never read a book like it before. The author takes a well written and thought out book about a character, and completely changes it. The story takes a drastic turn and the character that the author had been trying to portray is completely changed. She is a really good book, but the author's change to the character just made it so much worse. The ending was so disappointing that I had to go back to the beginning to read the first chapter to make sure I had read it correctly.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book thinking it was a "love story" but was really expecting a good story.  The author uses the character of Dawn to talk about her past. Â I feel like this is not the first time the author has done this and it's not the worst I've ever seen, but it just doesn't do much for me.  It starts off with a bad date and a bad marriage and then Dawn tells us how she fell for a man she met online and it just gets worse from there.    The ending was just stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** This book is bad. I can understand the author's motivations for writing this book. I read a lot of books, but this one in particular was bad. The plot was pretty weak, the characters were bland, the story didn't make sense, and the ending was a disappointment. If you want to read a book that is well written but lacks a bit of substance, this is probably a good choice. *********
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book had some problems but it was a good read, I enjoyed the story of what happened to her family. The only problem was that she was not strong enough in the beginning. The ending was a little predictable and not really explained what the plan was for the family, not sure if there will be a sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Book of Strange New Things is a great introduction to the world of weird fiction. The author makes a compelling argument for the existence of these books and offers many examples of how the characters in these stories were able to develop a new world view through a new set of assumptions and ideas. I also like that she explains some of the cultural and historical underpinnings of weird literature.  It was a nice introduction to an area I've been wanting to get to but have been struggling to wrap my head around.
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********  I got this as a gift for my husband and he has read it but never gave it a try. I really loved this book and he tried to read it one day but he was so frustrated by the plot that he had to put it down. I will be giving it to him as a Christmas gift this year.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have been a fan of the book since I saw it on the cover, and I have read it a number of times now, and still I get a bad feeling when I look at it. The writing style is very strange. It's very awkward, it's not a straight forward story, it takes a while for things to really kick in. I have never read anything like it.   The book's setting is a fantasy world, but the story is really not about a fantasy setting, it is more about the characters, their inner lives and relationships. The story starts off very interesting, with a character who has some weird memories from her childhood, who was adopted, but when she comes to understand her memories, they are nothing like her mother, who she thinks was her father. I think this is a very interesting point, and the character's past gives us a window into the real world, something the book never does, which is a shame because it's a very good book. But the book does get lost in a swamp, the characters are very different from one another, the story starts to feel repetitive, the setting feels like a little bit of a cop out, and then the characters just fall apart. The book ends up being a bit slow paced, and it really just does not get to the point where it wants to be.   the book was well written and very entertaining. It is worth checking out, but I found it frustrating.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is just another of the thousands of self-help books that are available, all of which are essentially the same. The only difference is that this one has a different spin. This book is about self-worth, and if you're not struggling with self-esteem, then you're definitely not going to find anything here that will help you improve your self-image. You'll find all the same advice in all the self-improvement books out there, but this one focuses more on how to help you accept yourself and learn to accept others and even your own body. In the end, though, the advice is all the usual advice, with a bit of extra attention paid to your relationship with your body. So don't bother with this one. I'm sure I'd find something different in any book I found online.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I have no words to describe this book. I've been reading for 30 years, and this is the worst book I've ever read. The plot is so bad that it is hard to even write about. I would give it a 5 star rating if it were actually a good book. It is, in fact, just that bad.   In a nutshell, we have a bunch of people on an island with the power to control everything that goes on around them. When they find a shipwreck that is full of people that look like them, they decide to take a trip to get their hands on the stuff. This turns out to be an incredibly dangerous trip because the island is a giant, haunted, giant maze. The island itself is just one big maze.   of course, it is also filled with dangerous creatures, including a giant snake, a giant spider, and a giant lizard. The story begins when the group discovers that they are not alone in this maze. A girl named Hannah comes along for the trip, but she is not really happy about it. We learn that she is a member of the Chosen, a group of people who have the power of controlling the world. She is very protective of the group, which is kind of scary.   The main story is that the group takes a trip into the maze, which ends up being a very dangerous trip. They end up going through many levels of the maze and getting chased by many of the creatures they have to battle. There are many fights in the book, and I found them very entertaining. They were fun to read and the characters were all very unique.  , the book is very violent and disturbing. It's hard to describe because I don't know how else to put it. It starts out with a lot of fun and then quickly turns into a very disturbing book.   the only positive thing about this book is that there is one character that is pretty likable. He is kind and funny, and he has his own special power. I'm not really a big fan of people with special powers in books. It makes the story so confusing, and it just doesn't make any sense. I don  , I thought the main character was kind of annoying. He always had to come up with excuses to justify why he couldn't help the others, and there were a lot times when he was right about something and he just didn't say anything about it (like the time he found out that
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* I'm not a huge fan of romance novels. I think most of them are pretty weak, and usually the main character is a pretty boring, boring guy who doesn't have much going on and I hate him. This book, however, is different. It is definitely a good romance, and the author's character is believable. I liked the plot and the characters a lot and it ended up being the best book I've read this year. However, the characters are so annoying and so cliché that I couldn't help but wonder why the author even wrote this book. I would have loved a better ending, a different perspective on the romance, a little bit more characterization, or better writing in general. However I gave it three stars because it is a good book that I think a lot of people will like.   One more thing: if you don't like romance novels, I'd highly recommend the book to you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________ I was so excited to get my hands on this book. I was planning on going to the bookstore to pick it up, but the clerk was not sure it was still available. When I was getting ready to leave, he suggested I buy it online, and that it's not a bad one. The book came with a free copy of the comic that came with it. I bought that. I wasn't expecting much from this book, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's an interesting and unique concept that I've been waiting for in comics, and it seems like a pretty good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a complete and total disappointment. It's a book that I read before I read the book that was just a short story, but I had to have this one to get some insight into how this world works. And that is how bad this book is. I found the book to be boring and slow paced, but the characters were interesting. The author was trying to tell a story and it was done well. Unfortunately, I just didn't get the story. The story of this world was so unbelievable that I couldn't believe what I was reading. I felt like I was watching some kind of movie and I didn't like it one bit. The book ended on a cliffhanger so I was hoping that it would have a happy ending, but that's not the case.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an average book. The first half of the book is about a boy who was abused as a child. He is able to tell his mother, who is now dead, about the abuse. The second half is about his family, which he tries to save from being ruined by his mother's drug abuse. It was a great story with some good moments. The problem is that it was the story of his childhood. There is not much of a character development. He spends most of the time in the hospital recovering from the abuse that he was a victim of. I felt like I knew him as a kid, but only for about a year and a half. He has some good traits and a lot of bad traits. I liked the characters in the first half. They seemed to be struggling with their own issues, and they were trying to do something about them. However, when the story shifts to the second half, the characters are no longer as interesting, because they do not develop. The main character has no depth, no development. The mother is still a bitch. And the drug abuse is still going on. I really liked the beginning, but it got boring fast. I guess I was expecting more from the first part, but the story was so predictable that I felt cheated out of the real story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love the books that I read, but this book has been a let down. I was looking forward to it for a long time, but it didn't live up to the hype. The writing is awful. I'm not sure how to describe it other than bad. The plot has no logic and is very incoherent. The characters are all flat. It's just an extremely bad book that was poorly written. I won't be picking it up again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a fraud.  He is an amateur.   His prose is bad.  He does not write with the same style of a professional.  The story is unbelievable and the story is not very good.  I am just very disappointed with the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In the summer of 2004, when I was at the University of Minnesota, I was browsing the bookstore at the library. I noticed that they had a good selection of books on various subjects. It was one of those "what am I reading this month?" type books. One book that caught my attention was A Natural History of Violence by James Scott. It's a very interesting read and a well researched and written book. I found myself rereading it many times over the next couple years.      The book was the topic of discussion at the Women's Studies Department, so it's easy to see why I thought it would be a good topic to blog about.  One of the issues I was most struck by in the book is that in the first chapters of the book, it's explained that men are the ones who commit violence against women.  The author does not shy away from the fact that men can be violent as well. The first chapter, "How Violent Men Become", has the author explain that men will be violent to the point that they are dangerous.  He goes on to explain that this violent behavior is a natural consequence of their masculinity.  This makes a lot of sense. I think that it is important to point out that the men that the author is describing are not all rapists, but they can and do commit acts of violence.  In my own personal experience, I've seen men that I know commit acts that I would call sexual assault.  These men do not always go on to be rapists, they may go on and be violent abusers, but it is a result of their natural nature.  As for the author's description of men as the ones that commit violence, he is not saying that all men are violent, just that a large percentage of men are, or at least they act in that way.  After the first few chapters the book makes a few attempts to make its points more accessible to a wider audience.  Unfortunately, the book falls flat on its face.  There are so many misconceptions about the topic, that it's hard to know where to start.  For instance, the author says that a woman's "tendency" to become violent is a product of "internalized misogyny".  He says that if a woman is in a relationship where violence is used by one partner on the other, it is the woman's fault because it is "natural" for women to be violent.  Of
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an awful book. It's not that it's a bad read - it's that the book doesn't really tell you anything. The story itself is really shallow and not very engaging. The main character, R, is an average student and it's all about him. The book is mostly about him trying to figure out why his best friend, A, is in love with him. I think that this is a good book to read as a way to relax from reading the boring, boring novels that come out from time to time. I have a hard time with books like this because they're boring, but it's okay if you want to read something fun. The main character's name was R. I don't think it is an easy to pronounce name, so it's not a good idea to name your book after it. The writing is very slow and the story isn't very well written. This is one of those books where the plot is the main focus, so you get lost in the story, but you're also not getting a lot of information about the world or the characters. I think the story is going to end with the main character getting some sort of special gift that will make him more popular. But that's not really what I expected from a book like this.  I'd recommend this to a friend who wants to read some fun, fast paced fantasy stories. I also think that the author really needs to write better stories in general.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is full of nonsense and lies.  It has nothing to do with the subject matter of the book.   It's more like a 'what if' book, where the author imagines what the world would be like if they had done different things, or if they hadn't done anything at all.  I really wanted to like this book. It's about a girl who loves to play the piano, but her piano teacher tells her she is retarded.  But the teacher was actually a psychiatrist, who did all these tests to show that this girl was really smart, but that she just couldn't'make it'.  When the girl refuses to let go of her love of the piano she becomes really sick and the doctor gives her an experimental drug that allows her to play. But the drug makes her lose her ability to love.  The story was actually very moving, but the writing was just horrible.  And the 'what-if' part made no sense.  So if you like science fiction or stories about what would have happened if someone had done something, then by all means, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am really disappointed with this book.  The story was not what I was expecting and I will not be buying it again.    The author spends way too much time on the history of the Church in Africa.  This should have been a much more exciting story to read.  The book is also too long.  I was looking forward to reading this book because it is written by a native English speaker, but the story didn't really interest me.  It seemed like it was written to be a history book about the Church's history in Africa, but I think the author had a much better story to tell.  So overall I would give this book 3 out of 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really, really liked this book. The only thing that disappointed me was that the narrator did not speak. This is a problem for me because I tend to be a huge fan of non-actors. This would have been fine if the narrator was an actor (which I'm sure he is), but he's not. There were other minor issues, but the main thing I disliked about this book was the author's inability to be original. The story is not original and the character development is not interesting. I would have given this book more than three stars if I could have been satisfied with it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________I would highly recommend this book to anyone that loves science fiction, and especially to those that love sci-fi that has some kind of social message. If you don't like the social messages in sci-fictions, don't read this book. I read this when I was 18, and I'm still a fan. I remember reading this book and thinking it was great. It was very different from anything I was reading at the time. I think it has the same ideas in mind, but it has a very unique voice and it is very unique. It's a good book for people that like their sci-fu to have a unique voice.I can see why this book is so popular. It has an interesting message, it is well written, and it's well illustrated. This book is very good. It does have some issues that keep it from being perfect. But I can see that this book has been in print for years, so it's not that hard to find.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book for my mother to read, and I am so sorry she didn't like it.  She told me that it was boring, and didn't do anything to make her think.  The book is about a group of people who have been together for years.  They had a lot of fun before the "crash", but when it happened they decided to stop enjoying themselves and try to figure out how they are going to survive.  The book is kind of slow, and there are so many questions about the crash that I can't keep up.  There is not enough explanation about how the crash happened, why they went on the road, what happened to the children who were left behind, or the many people who died.  I don't know what the author's plan is for the future, but I would have liked to see more information. I think it would have made the book a lot better. I read this book while waiting for a plane to take me back to Canada from England, and it was worth the wait.  It was a good read, but there were too many details that didn't make sense to me.   4/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a child psychologist with no knowledge of the real world. There is nothing in the book that you cannot find on your own in the real-world. The main character is the son of a famous actress who has a successful career. He is also very good at being a boy, as he goes on a number of adventures with a girl he knows only as "the girl from the train". In the end, the boy gets the girl he loves and gets his parents back from their divorce. However, the main character has become a bit of a boy. I do not want to say more, as I am sure this book is very offensive to many parents. If you have a boy and a girl, I suggest you do not buy this book, because this book will offend most parents.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A bit more than I expected from a book that has such a great premise. I enjoyed the characters and was eager to see what happened to them. However, I was surprised that it took this long to get to that part. There was nothing exciting about it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's too bad this book wasn't longer than a few pages. This book was very poorly written.  I really didn't like this book. It was pretty short and the only interesting thing about it was the name of the author. Recommendation:  I've never read a book with a worse name in my life, so it was a nice surprise when I read this. This book was bad.  This was a very good book but, like the other reviewers, I was disappointed by the name. It's not like I can't remember a good book name.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book, and I am so disappointed in it. I bought this book after being told that it was a "great book" and that it "tells a story that is a story well told." I was excited to see that this was one of the many books about the war on terror that were out that were not "just a war on terrorism" but instead a war that involved many nations, many people, and many cultures. I did not expect the story to be as shallow as it was. The story is told from the perspective of a couple of U.S. Army Rangers. The couple's lives are changed when their helicopter is shot down in Afghanistan. They survive, but find out that their helicopter was not shot down by Taliban fighters, but by a Pakistani commando unit who also killed the husband and wife. The Pakistani commandos were trying to find the husband, who had been missing since the attack. The husband's body is found, and he has been identified as an American soldier. The wife's body, though not identified, was found, as well as her baby. The baby was identified as a Pakistani child. The family, however, is not happy with this discovery, and they plan on having the body exhumed. The soldiers' lives are not affected in any way by this, and in fact, the husband eventually returns home. The book was only about 10,000 words, so it was very quick to read. There were some good parts to this book as well. The characters were interesting and I really liked how the author described them. I would have liked to see more about the Pakistani commandoes and their experiences in Afghanistan, but I guess that would take a book on its own. I do not understand how it is possible that the soldiers' bodies were not identified until they were exhumated. This was a pretty disappointing ending to the book. I am not sure what to make of it, other than that I did expect more from this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  In the early days of my training, I read a lot of martial arts fiction, and this was by far the worst. It was bad from the get-go, and I felt the author was more interested in making a point about the "drama" of fighting and the way people can get carried away than he was in giving a realistic portrayal of what actually goes on during training. The protagonist was too idealistic, too idealistically, and he was so clearly in love with the idea of the sport that he was completely unable to see past his own desires and expectations and focus on what was actually happening on the mat. This book had the most egregious flaws of any book I've read in a long time. I can only hope that someone with a better grasp of reality and the actual sport of Brazilian jiu-jitsu can read it and say, "This is exactly what I thought was going on."   2/5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is one of the worst I have ever read. It is filled with clichés and is nothing but a story. It's filled with so many mistakes that I am not sure if I will ever finish it."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A couple of years ago I purchased a copy of this book as a Christmas gift to myself. It's a good book, but not a great one. It is not a very interesting book, or an interesting author. It may be an interesting read, but the writing isn't particularly good, and the characters are not especially well developed. In a way, this book is a little sad, since it's not a particularly good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The best way to describe the story is that it's a romance, but in a very different kind of way. There's a lot of love and friendship and the characters are very relatable. I liked the book, but I didn't love it as much as I would have liked. It's good, but it isn't great.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I'm really disappointed with this book, and the fact that I wasted an entire evening reading it is a testament to the fact I am not a good reader, and will never be one. The writing style is so awkward that you really have to read the entire thing just to get a feel for what is going on, so I think this book would be more successful if the author simply told the story, then had a writer tell the story from the perspective of the main character.  The story isn't bad, but it's not really anything that you want to read about. Â It's not a bad story per se, but I'm not sure how I feel about it. ÃƒÂ'Ã'" Â
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a good book if you want to know more about the occult and the occult movements. It is not the most fascinating or the most shocking thing you will read. The book is a bit dry, it does not contain much "wow" and it is not very detailed. If you are a scholar or an occultist, it will give you a bit more insight into the world of the occult. But if you are not a scholar, it might be too dry for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________  I thought this was a good book. I had to read it twice, as it is so easy to read, but not to understand. It's just so hard to find the right words for a particular point. I could read this book for a lifetime. I'm going to read a book that is better than this one!
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ _________ (The only positive thing I can say about this book is that the book covers a lot of ground in a reasonable amount of time. For the price I paid, I expected more.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm pretty much a fan of all sorts of things. I have been in love with sci fi/fantasy/horror since I was a teenager, and the recent movies that have come out have been very good. The books I've read lately have been more of the fantasy type, but the books in the series have been well done. I'm not sure what the problem was, as I was not particularly interested in the plot of this book, but it did not seem to work. The characters were really not that interesting, and I was disappointed that the books took me longer than usual to finish reading because I felt like I was just being spoon fed.   The writing was not bad. The book was pretty long, and was very descriptive, but that wasn't really the problem. The real problem was that I felt as if I was being told about this world, but not really being given a feel for it. The world of the world of Lothric was pretty much explained, but I feel like the details were not given to me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ***********I would never buy a book from Amazon again after I found out about this book. First of all the book is full of errors, it's about a book of a boy that never existed and is written by someone that can't write. I was so confused with the story that I couldn't understand why they would waste the time to write such a terrible book. I really don't know what to say except that it really doesn't make any sense and is just not a very good book. You can't buy this book on amazon, you have to order it from the author. Also it is very hard to find. It is hard to read, and I just can't believe it when I found this book because it is just so bad. It should never be read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:      I found this book to be boring and uninspired. The author has a poor understanding of the subject and it makes the book worse.   This book was boring and had little to do with the topic. The only interesting idea that he came up with was that people can "see" the difference between "good" and "bad" people. This idea does not seem to apply to anyone outside of a small sample group.  I have no idea how he came to this conclusion. I thought the book was just boring and a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved the premise of the book, the story, the characters, and the romance. However, the pacing was very bad. I finished the book in a day because I just did not have the patience to sit through it. The main character, Mary was just so much to me that it was like watching an acting lesson, only worse because I couldn't get through the book. I don't understand how the author could write a character that I could not care for as a friend, but I could. And then have me go on and on about the love for Mary as if it were the most important thing in the world. I know that there are other books out there about this story, but this one was a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:        I didn't like this book.   It was too boring for me.  The characters were not that interesting.  It is hard to get excited about a book about a boring protagonist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  My favorite book is 'Moby Dick' by Herman Melville, but I don't think I could get through it in one sitting.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________   The story, characters and the plot are all very interesting and fun. There are no flaws at all. The plot is a bit repetitive but the end result is still a good book. The characters are all extremely well-developed. There is also no lack of love and heart in the story. I am glad that I have found a good fantasy novel. I highly recommend it.   *This review was written for the new edition. I have read the original first.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am an avid reader of science fiction, fantasy, and horror. I recently got this book as a gift, and after reading the first three chapters, I had to give it a 1 star review. I would love to rate this book 5 stars, but the main problem I have with it is the fact that it is a book about a ghost who lives in the body of a dead person. I found this very offensive, and felt that it could have been handled better. I know that a lot of people love this book, but to me, it was not worth my time or money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I had been warned, and I must say I am glad I took that advice.   The problem is, the author is so self-obsessed that he is oblivious to how his own writing styles and motives can make people dislike his books.     Readers of this review might be asking: "Why is he so negative? Is it because he thinks it's bad? Or because he has an agenda against books like this? Or both?"   Well, if you think about it, it is a bit like that.   and the fact that he thinks so self -obsessed is a real pity.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. I have been trying to learn how to play piano for a long time now and have had a good amount of practice.  This book is a great book on the piano, but not for me.    My wife and I have tried to play a few songs in the piano book.  It is good for learning the basics.  I will have to check the other reviews before purchasing a new book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book expecting to enjoy it. I didn't. The story was good, but the characters were annoying and uninteresting. The only character that I really liked was the protagonist. She was pretty, smart, and pretty. It's just that I couldn't stand the others. I thought the main villain was a pretty bad guy too, but I guess he was just a character in the book to help make the other characters' lives more interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The thing that made me want to write reviews was that, despite the bad reviews, I felt that this book was good and that I really enjoyed reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wish that I could give this book a one star review, because it is so badly written that I just can't. The writing is so poor that it feels as if the author took the basic plot, story, and characters from a very bad book and just slapped a few different words on top of it. I feel as though the author is not even attempting to create a character, because in every single book the author takes the main character, makes him the most overpowered person, and then makes him do whatever he wants. He is never asked to do anything that he can't do, and he is always the hero. He doesn't even have any flaws or flaws that need to be revealed, he just keeps doing whatever he feels like doing. I mean, just look at the list of powers this character can do, he has the ability to stop bullets with his bare hands, which he does in the first 5 minutes of the book, and that's it. The only thing this character does in this book is shoot people, and even then he doesn't do anything good, he shoots people with his mouth and kills them, which makes no sense and is completely unearned. He also can go through walls, and when he goes through walls he just goes right through them, and the only thing that stops him from going through walls is that his girlfriend is a teleporter and is able to go through the wall as well. The characters are also the same as in the other books, which is terrible, because they are all just cardboard cutouts, except for one guy, who is actually an interesting character in this story, but because the author decided to change the way that he is written, it makes the character's personality almost non-existent. This is the same thing that happened in the last book, when the author changed the story to be more like a mystery, which I really liked, but in this one it is just like any other mystery story, the plot twists are random, and if the book has a twist at all it is either very contrived or just completely unrealistic. I just don't like this book, it is a horrible story and I just feel like I wasted my time with it. If you don't mind reading a bad story then go ahead and buy it, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to be entertained.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was absolutely useless. My sister got it as a gift for her birthday. She is a huge fan of the books in the "The Hunger Games" series. She wanted to read this but was disappointed. The book was terrible and did not make me want to read the books. It did, however, make me question the quality of books like this. This book had the same basic plot as the first book and the same characters. This was a terrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you like reading and you're a lover of science fiction, check this out. If you're like me and you like the science and the fantasy, this is a must-read. If this is your first foray into sci-fi, it's probably best to start with one of the better series (e.g., The Dark Tower series or The Dresden Files) before getting into this one. I think it's worth the effort, though, as it has an interesting plot and a lot of action. I wish I could give this more than 3 stars, but the plot was a bit slow, so that was a negative for me. Also, the writing style is quite different from what I'm used to (elements of Stephen King and George R.R. Martin), but it's still a good read. Overall, I enjoyed it and I'd recommend it to everyone!
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really enjoyed this book but the story was just not interesting enough to hold my attention for a book this long. The story about the woman who's trying to save her marriage from a bad guy was the best part of the book and I really liked the story. I just think the story of her getting rid of the bad guy just didn't have enough to it. I feel like it just came out of nowhere and didn't add to the story as much as I would have liked it to.  17 of 18 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:        " A really good read! The only thing is that the cover is a bit too good. I mean it's a good cover, but the book is a little bit too shiny. That doesn't bother me though, I'm a big fan of the cover." Review:  "The best thing about this book is the writing. I have always found the genre a bit disappointing, but I am really liking what is being done with this book. I think the book itself is a good start to the series, and I really can't wait for the next installment. There are some very good ideas here and the story is well thought out."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bad piece of fiction, and I'm surprised that the author didn't realize it.  The characters are a joke.    I didn't like any of them at all, and even if I did I wouldn't read this.  7/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The book is a work of fiction, and the characterizations are ridiculous. I'm not sure if this is just a story by someone who is trying to make a quick buck, or a book with an author who knows he's a fraud."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I was going to be reading this book for fun, but I found it to be a lot more tedious than I was expecting.  The characters are mostly interesting, but the book takes too long to get there.   I don't want to review this book because I am a huge fan of the author.  I really enjoyed the author's books when I was younger.  The characters in this book were really interesting.  They are all pretty likable, but unfortunately the book has an unfortunate ending.  5 stars for the characters, 4 stars for good writing
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________ I am very sorry that I bought this book. I read it expecting a well written book that would take a long time to read, but was disappointed by the amount of filler and bad writing. I also found the story to be unrealistic and that the main characters were poorly developed. I found it very hard to believe that these were the actions of two human beings, when I found myself expecting to read about a monster and not human beings. The book made me sad because of the main character's selfishness and that made it very depressing to read. I wish that the author could have spent more time on the story instead of just showing how people get their power. This was a terrible book and it's sad that it is on the bestseller list for a reason.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a classic. It's so good, in fact, that it's a bit of a miracle it didn't become a classic book. I can't really recommend it enough. The only issue is that it has been out for years and hasn't been updated.  It's a must read for anyone who loves the history of the American West.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is the worst book I have ever read." - Bookwormgirl The second half of the book starts off a bit slow, but really picks up with a fun story about a young girl with a secret. The author takes a lot of time to develop the character and I found it refreshing to see a book about a kid with a special power instead of a girl who has to deal with a brother that just doesn't get it. The first half of this book is just a quick-paced action-packed ride, with a couple of nice character moments and a very good ending. The characters:  The young girl in this book has a special ability that only she knows, but it's pretty mysterious and you never know when it's going to come in handy. Kirika has a very interesting secret ability that allows her to communicate with animals. She can talk to a bear, talk to an elephant, talk about the weather, and more. The way she's developed as a character is really cool, and I'm really looking forward to what happens to her. I like the way the author has Kirika develop. She's definitely a more interesting character than her brother, but she does still struggle with some of his flaws.  The other characters in this novel are also well-developed. I'm a huge fan of the siblings. The whole family is adorable and I love seeing them interact. Overall:   I really enjoyed this book. I can't wait to see what happens in the next book, which is going to be more of the same with a young boy with a power that's not quite as mysterious. If you're a fan of a magical young girl and animal friends, I highly recommend this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, I'm not sure why I didn't love it better. I really like this book, though it is a bit slow, the pacing of the story was very good. The plot was very well thought out and the characters were well written and developed. I like the idea of the three sisters, they're all different but all are very good at their job. I can't wait to read more from this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good, well-written book, but I'm a little confused as to why she thought it was necessary to put a bunch of young, pretty women who are basically just there to be pretty on a pedestal. I mean, it's not like any of them are bad-ass badasses, but they're all pretty, pretty, and pretty much always there, with their backs to the camera.   It's just like a bunch o' girls who you're supposed to want to like you, and that you want to be around, but if you really want to see a real girl, you should just go out and find one.   I think it's a good book for young women to read, and maybe I'm just a little old-fashioned but I find it kind of sad that this book is so often referred to as being feminist, but doesn't do anything about male privilege, or misogyny.  There's also the question of what would happen if you went to a bar that was all guys. I guess I don't know.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like the idea of the book but the execution is so bad that I can't recommend it. It's a lot like the TV show, The Newsroom. The first half is a long, boring, boring history lesson. The second half is filled with boring, unnecessary political correctness, and is just not good enough to be worth your time.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I really enjoyed this book, but I had a few problems. First, there was no real character development in this book. It just felt like a collection of stories of different characters from the same book. Second, the pacing was slow and boring. There was nothing to do after the ending and nothing to keep me interested, but that is just me. I still enjoyed the book and the illustrations.  4 of 5 stars! By: Thelma M. - Verified Buyer I found this to be a very intriguing book. The stories are really good. The author uses a lot of imagery, and the images are just beautiful. The story is very well-written. I am also a fan of the illustrations and the book. I recommend this book for those interested in paranormal mysteries. The only thing I did not like is that I feel that the author has a few bad habits in her writing. For instance, there were times where I thought the story was going to end, but the author just kept adding to the story. In other cases, the author made some really good points, but in the end she just stopped writing. I think it was the first time I've ever had that happen. ...  5 of 5 Stars! By Chris - VerIFIED Buyer The stories were great, and I really liked the illustrations! I will definitely recommend this to my friends!  I have found a great mystery in this one!  is it good?  No, it's good!  a very interesting book with a good plot and great illustrations  can't wait to get more
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really enjoyed this book. But, it had a lot of problems. I am a huge fan of the original trilogy but the new ones have not been as good as the originals. The characters were a little flat. The plot was a little too simplistic. And the ending was just a little disappointing. But this book had its strengths. The ending was unexpected, the story was interesting, and the characters were likable. I think this will be my go to fantasy series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book was one of those books that was so bad it's hard to tell if it's written by a person or a computer. -------------------------- The main problem with this book is the characterisation.  In one paragraph, the protagonist has a conversation about "how important it is to be honest with people".  This is so obviously wrong that it's amazing it was included.   There's nothing honest about lying, cheating, stealing, or being dishonest.  The book spends more time telling you how the character is bad than it does telling you why they're bad.  It's a really poor example of a "bad" character.  If the character isn't written like a character, it's just boring.  I'm going to try and not be so harsh, but the characters are incredibly dull.  At the very least, the characters' actions seem unrealistic.  There are many situations in this book where the characters seem to do something that's clearly not in their best interests.  For example, when the hero's girlfriend dies in a car crash, he's immediately suspicious of the driver, but doesn't stop to think about the consequences of what he's doing.  He doesn't even question whether he wants to get into the car in the first place, and doesn't consider whether it's really safe.  In another scene, he gets into a car accident and ends up having to have surgery.  Again, there's no consideration for the possible consequences of his actions.  That's not to say that the book is bad, but there's very little substance to any of the characters, and their actions seem so unrealistic that it makes me wonder why they were included.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really liked this book. It's got some really good ideas about how to use the internet to promote your writing career, how to promote yourself and your work. The book also covers some of the practical tips that you can use to get better feedback, such as how to find out about potential publishers and what not to do to make a good first impression. This book is worth a read.  - A reader in New Zealand   I was very happy with this book and would highly recommend it. I found this to be a very well written book and it really helped me to make sense of my book.  is the best and most useful book about the publishing industry I've ever read. It explains the ins and outs of publishing a book and how you can make the most of it.   - Michael  Praise for The Art of the Book: The Marketing Secrets of Ebook Authors:   This book is not only a great book on how to write a book, but it also is very helpful in learning the ins-and-outs of publishing, including the publishing process, how and why to create a book cover, how the book is created, and how to get published by various publishing companies. I was able to find many useful things that I used when I started my own indie book publishing business, including tips that I was unaware of and that were not explained in the book. This is a must-read for anyone wanting to launch a book career or who wants to have a deeper understanding of the publishing business.     —The Book Smugglers
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "The most boring book I have ever read."   -Chris, California   "...a complete waste of time. If you want to learn more about the origins of the Universe or how to read ancient languages, then by all means buy this book. If not, then you should read something else."   (From a review by a visitor to this website)   My rating:     - 5 stars  (From a visitor on the book's website)  The following review is based on the Kindle version of this book published by Houghton Mifflin.   This is the only book on ancient languages I have found that can be easily used for study. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn some ancient languages.   a book that is good for anyone who is interested in learning ancient languages - from any language - including those spoken by no one, the ones of the past, and those still spoken today.  This book contains some really great information, and there are numerous exercises in the book for students to do with the book. I am a student of the Ancient Egyptian language, and I found the information and exercises provided in this book very helpful. It was not difficult to learn the information, but I found myself learning new things about the ancient Egyptians and their languages every time I was asked to review and do some exercises with the language book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:      I was really excited to read this book. I'd heard that there would be an African-American cast, and was happy to see it was true. It's not a bad thing in and of itself, but I was a bit disappointed that the book is all about a white woman and not about African Americans. It does cover a lot of history and it does touch on the subject, but there are still a lot more people to discuss.   So I went to the bookstore, and it was all about white women and African Americans (which I liked). I bought the book, and waited for it to be delivered. When it arrived, I started to read it, and I kept getting distracted. The first part was a story about a woman trying to break into a man's life, and the second part was about a group of people trying to stop a war. I really wanted to read the first part, but the second was all politics and war. It was like reading about the current administration and not the current state of the country. I read that part about the war in Iraq and how horrible it was, but not about the millions of people who died there. I didn't mind that, but that part of the book I did not like at all.   the story was about the woman trying and failing to get into the man's love life. The book was about her having to fight for everything she wanted. She does not have the support of her family, so she does not get what she wants. She is very self-centered, and does not see the bigger picture. I don't know if she's the right person to be a heroine of this book, but she was the main character, and had a lot to deal with. I thought the character was great, but her story was the weakest part of this novel. I was really looking forward to the second book, which I will definitely be reading, but this one is just a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you think I've gotten all of the books on this list right, you're in for a disappointment.  The first book is called The New England School:    What are the best books on a history of the United States? I've been reading a lot about this subject lately and this book is the first book I have read that I could see being a major part of the course.  I was interested to learn about the history of New England because I am from there.   But I have a lot of questions about the actual book and the author.  I feel like this is a book about the American Revolution and it does get bogged down in a lot, but it's very clear and you can really see what he was trying to say and how he was thinking.  This is one of those books that you should read if you are interested in this topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was disappointed. I bought the book hoping to read a fun read, but the writing and story just were not that interesting. I felt that the plot just was too predictable. I am glad I bought this book, but I just wish it was better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book, I really did. It was a good story, a good introduction to the world of Jemisin, and I enjoyed the character development. However, I felt like the book could have been a lot better. I think that the ending of the book left some questions unanswered. The author didn't explain some things in a clear and easy to understand way. I would have liked to have seen more about the other characters as well as some more explanation about how the people of the world have survived for as long as they have. Also, there is a huge flaw in the book, which I think is the reason why I didn't give it a 5 star rating. It seemed as if the author had an idea about how her book should end, and then decided that she didn't want to write that ending. It just doesn't feel like a happy ending to me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an utter disaster. The author seems to believe that the main character, Dixie (who is a woman, as are the majority of the women in this book) is an innocent, vulnerable little girl who is too naive to know that she's being used. I couldn't get past the fact that she didn't have the same childhood experiences that I did, that her parents didn't make her grow up the way they did. That she never got to go on a camping trip with her father. That the books she was reading were more about women than they were about anything else. I don't think that she was a "little girl" who grew up with a single mother and her father taking care of her. I think that this was the first book that I've ever read where the main female character was portrayed as a little girl. There were many other problems with this book, too, but that's the most important thing.  It was a terrible book. ______________________________________________________________ My review:    I read this book for a college class. The premise was interesting: how to raise children in a non-traditional family. There was a lot of discussion about this topic, but it didn't feel like it was being done in a respectful way.   One thing I was curious about is why Dixie's parents weren't divorced, and if that had anything to do with her being raised in an abusive family.  I've had my own issues with a few people who raised me in a violent and dysfunctional family, and the author doesn't seem to have had a problem with them.  One of the things that bothered me the most is that Dixie seems to have a lot more of a problem dealing with her parents than her step-father.  The author spends so much time making excuses for Dixie that I just felt like I was being patronized.  There were also some of the "bad" things that happened that I was not a fan of:  I think the author was making a point about how women are used to being victims, but there were also a few things about the story that bothered my to death.  A little girl can't be the hero, Dixi is too young and doesn't have her life experience yet.  In the beginning, Dx has a hard time believing that her father is an abusive person.  Another thing that bothered us was how Dixie doesn't believe that she should be
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book should be required reading for every new writer. The author is incredibly skilled at the writing of characters, making the reader care about their emotional state and the things they say and do. The writing is clean, easy to read, and has a certain charm to it. The only problem I have is that this is one of those books where the ending is completely predictable, so that makes it not as good. Overall:  The Last Stand by Michael J. Sullivan, Michael J Sullivan, 2011,  This book is a wonderful combination of historical fiction and fantasy. The main character is a Native American, the main antagonist is a German nobleman who has captured the Indian in a trap, and they both make decisions that result in their deaths. It's a nice book about a fascinating historical subject. I also enjoyed the historical perspective of the main character's father, who was also a Native american and was captured by the Germans during the war and had to be taken as a prisoner. He was a good person and didn't like the German's treatment of his people. I enjoyed the book and recommend it to everyone who likes historical fiction. It may be a little heavy-handed at times, but it's still a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with so many inaccuracies and misconceptions that it is impossible to even know if the author is even being truthful about a particular subject.   For example, this book talks about how there is a "solution" to the "problem" of "man-made climate change" (actually, it is a global warming denialism denialism ) as if there is such a thing as a solution to "the problem" of being lied to by the media.  For instance, the author writes: "We should be able to rely on the media to provide accurate information about climate change. Instead, the media has become the tool of climate change denialism. The media are not merely bad at their job. They are actively misleading the public by hiding the facts from us." What the author actually says is this:   "The media are actively trying to hide the facts about climate science and the truth about man-made global warming. This is dangerous because it creates a false impression of what is going on." The author of this book does not seem to understand that, as long as a news story can be presented as "balanced," the reporter will present whatever story is being "promoted" by the powerful media corporations (the corporations that own the media).  The problem is, this "balance" is very rarely balanced. Â The problem is that, the balance of this story is one that is not even true to the truth.  For instance:   This is the very first paragraph: The mainstream media is in fact not balanced at all.    When the science is right, they report it, when the science isn't, they lie.   It's just the nature of the beast.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-switch/wp/2014/09/26/theres-a-problem-with-the-media-and-how-to-fix-it/ The problem with this sentence is that it does not actually say the mainstream media are "in fact not balance" but that they are biased, because they don't present the science the way it is.  It's a straw man argument and a poor attempt to rebut the points made in the text.  The problem with the rest of the text is that the author has no real knowledge about how to "fix" the media or how to get the truth out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- In a perfect world, I would have enjoyed this book more. The story is interesting, and I found myself wanting more. Unfortunately, the author's inability to think on her feet leads to her making several illogical statements. I really like that she tries to make it as realistic as possible, but this is still a poor attempt at writing a believable historical romance. As I was reading the book, I couldn't help but think that it would have been better had she not had the same voice for the main character as well as the female characters. The writing was so terrible that it made me wonder if the author ever finished school. (This is just my opinion, and not a review on the book)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a very boring book. It's a history of the French revolution with the characters from the books.   The history is very simplistic and lacks any sort of depth. It is a book about how the revolution was won and the battles. Nothing more. Nothing less.   in the end it's a book that's too boring to even try reading.   the only thing I can say about the book is that I like that the author makes his characters so realistic. The only reason I didn't like the book was that the characters are so bland and uninteresting that I could hardly relate to them. I found myself not caring about them.  -the writing is so dry and the characters just seem so stiff and lifeless to me. It felt like reading a biography of some random people from the 20's   -I think that the authors opinion of the revolution is based on the fact that the revolution happened in France. The revolution in France was a very bloody revolution that ended with many deaths. I don't think that France should be blamed for this. I think the reason that the French people were so passionate about the revolution (I think it was a good revolution, but not as much as some would like it to be) was because they felt that they had nothing to lose and were willing to sacrifice everything for a better future. The French people felt that the English were greedy and tyrannical and wanted to enslave them to the English crown.   The French revolution was a fight against oppression. It was not a revolution for personal gain.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time. I don't think I've ever read a book that was so bad and so long that I couldn't finish it. It's just boring. I'm sure it's the same author who wrote the series of books about vampires and werewolves. I hope the series gets picked up for a TV series, because I'll be very interested in the first season.  I'm looking forward to reading about some other boring character's life in the second book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of this book. It has been a favorite of mine since I was young. I would rate this book a 10 out of 10 if I could. However, the problems are not as easy to fix as one might think. I really enjoyed this book but my problem with the book is that it has no redeeming features other than its writing. I have read other books by her that I liked a lot and this one just wasn't good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read this book for a long time now and have always loved it. I really liked it at first but by the end it started to get really weird and creepy. The creepy parts were a bit over the top and not very scary. The weird parts were more like a strange, twisted, weird dream. But even the creepy parts are really good in a creepy way. I do really want to know the reason behind the madness of the man who created this book. But it doesn't really add anything to the story, and the ending was a bit rushed and weird.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ So I was watching the "Downton Abbey" finale, and I was just like: _______________   I know I'm being a bitch, but I'm not sure I'm the only one who is tired of all the "great" books about the aristocracy. I know that people who like these kinds of books are really hard to find, but why are these books always so bad?   The main problem is that these books are based on history, and history is a terrible thing. History is a lie, and if we tell it as if it is the truth, then we are actually doing the opposite of what we should be doing, which is fighting for truth. When we tell lies, the result is not a society where everyone is happy, but one in which everyone is miserable. This is why I can't stand the "Great British Bake Off," or "Top Gear." Those shows are based entirely on lies. They are not about the car or the motor, but about how many people watch and how many millions of pounds the team earns. They give us a very different idea of how a car can be built and how it should be built.   So why do we continue to read books like "The Great House on the Borderland," "The Court of Prince Charles," "Famous Last Words of the Duchess of Windsor," "King Charles and Queen Elizabeth" or "Crown Royal," when they are just about as good as anything else that is out there? I read a lot of books about kings, queens, royals and their families, and it is obvious that there is an awful lot of bullshit in these books. The "Great House on The Borderland" is about a man who is a descendant of Charles II, but the story is based on nothing except his family tree. "The Courts of Charles the First" is based entirely around a stupid book about a boy who grew up in a house where Charles the Second lived. This one is a really good book, but its premise is so bad that it's just embarrassing. And "Fame" is a book about the royal family in the 1600s, but it is based mostly on the life of a random woman who lived during that time.  , and they're just about bad as anything you can get. And it's not like these books have been out for so long that people have forgotten how to read. I have a degree in English, and the best book
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- The book is written well, but not all the information is explained in a clear and understandable manner. I found it very difficult to understand the difference between a "fist" and a "claw" in terms of how a person uses the limb. The "claw"-based description is very vague. It doesn't say exactly what the claw is used for. It also says "the claw is a defensive weapon", which isn't quite correct. The description of how they are used is very general, but also not explained clearly enough. The main character was also very confusing, as the first time I read about him, I thought he was a male. I am now sure it is a female character. I have since read about the history of the claw-related technology, but I am still confused about this character. He also seems to have a connection to the Claw, and he uses the Claw to kill people in a very sadistic manner. It is a very confusing book, which I did not enjoy. I think I would like it better if there was more description on how the Claw works and how the person using the claw feels. I also wish there were more stories about the people using the Claw. -------------- Summary: -------------- The Claw is a science fiction novel that focuses on the world's first robotic, robotic humanoid (or "robot") assassin. The robot assassin is called the Claw (not to be confused with the robotic character from the first Star Trek film, "Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan"), and his creator has created a weapon that can only be used to kill. The weapon is called "the Claw", and the Claw's creator, R-2-D2, is the only person who knows its history, and its purpose. The novel is set in the world of the future, but it also touches on the present. It follows the character of "D-2", who is an assassin and who uses a claw to kill his victims. This novel is one of my favorite novels from the 80s, so I'm giving it 3 stars. I recommend this book to those who enjoy science fiction, but like their stories to have some depth and be well written. --------------- I have had a hard time reading some of the reviews here, as I haven't been a huge fan of the original Star Wars films. However, I found myself enjoying this novel, and I highly recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has a terrible cover. The author, a teacher in a very small school, is using a picture of the school to portray the book. It doesn't show the quality of the materials in the book at all. It's just an unprofessional attempt at a cover. It would be better if the author used a real picture of her school.   Also, the book is too short. I would have preferred the book to be about 5 to 6 hours.   The story:  A group of teenagers is about to get expelled from a private high school for the use of marijuana. They are given the option of accepting or refusing the expulsion. When they get into the school library, they find the book, which tells of a similar story of marijuana use and expulsion. They try to find the author, but the book isn't on the library shelves. After some investigating, they discover that the author lives in the area and decides to write a book based on her experiences. They meet the author at a local park where they get to know each other. The book is quite good, and it is really nice to read about a real teen's experience with marijuana. It was a little bit disturbing to read this book, as the author's name is spelled incorrectly.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a waste of time. This is an excellent book by a well-known author. However, he was too far ahead of his time and didn't get around to the interesting concepts he used in this book. He was also trying to be the first author to write a work of fiction that was non-fiction. This doesn't work very well as it can be easy to forget that the world is fictional and that the author is not the first person to ever think of a story. Overall, a good book. If you can get past the fact that it's an old book (which it is) and you don't mind the fact the author didn't use many words in the book, you will enjoy this book very much.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written for the general reader who does not know anything about the field of genetics or about modern human origins. If you are familiar with the field, you will be able to appreciate the content and the writing. But if you are not familiar with it, the content is really difficult to understand. The author makes many statements and claims that are really quite hard to believe. He makes statements such as, "A large fraction of the genetic variation found in modern humans comes from ancient African populations" and "The recent origin of most modern humans in Africa has been a controversial issue, with several competing models proposed to explain the process." (pg. 27) These are statements that are at odds with all the research that has been done on the subject of human evolution and ancient human populations. The authors try to provide a scientific argument to support their claims, but their arguments are not well-supported. I am not convinced that any of the claims in the book are backed up by good research, although the authors are very well-meaning. Overall, I thought this book was poorly written and that the author should be ashamed of himself. I would recommend this book to anyone who does research in human evolution.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished this book because it was my husband's favorite in the library. It was great! I wish I had read this book years ago, because I would have loved to be in the scene!
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ I really enjoyed this book. It was very entertaining. I am glad to see that there are other books out there that cover the subject of the Holocaust. This is one of the more entertaining books out. My daughter was very excited about it and I enjoyed it. My only complaint is that I would have liked to have seen more detail on the Holocaust and some of the other horrors in the book. I think the book is worth the read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't remember a single good book I've read in the last 10 years, and the only thing I can remember from that time is a terrible movie about the life of a famous actress. So I can't recommend this book to anyone, and I probably won't. If you're looking for a good, well-written book about a crazy woman, this is it, but if you're not in the mood for a book, then I'd stay far away.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "My favorite book of the year! I've been on a reading binge, and this book has kept me going!"
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is fine, but it is just so rushed. If you're expecting an epic fantasy novel, this book is not for you. If it had been published before, I would have given it a 5. But, now that it's not, it just isn't worth it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is not as good as it claims to be, or as good of a review as it should be, but it's still a good read." I'm going to start this review with a confession. I am a big fan of the Buffy series. It's one of my favorite shows of all time. I've watched the first 3 seasons over and over and still have many fond memories.  So when the idea for a novel series for this show came up, I was all over it. I was excited for this story to come out.  I even had an image in my head of the vampires that would appear in the story, but as time went on I found myself disappointed in the characters.  So now that I've had a chance to read it, I am disappointed.  The book begins by introducing us to Buffy, Xander, and Anya. They're the three core characters in this story, and we're introduced to them from a variety of angles.    Buffy's story is one of the least interesting, and her story is about as boring as it gets.  Her parents, who have been gone for so long, have gone from being strong and protective to just being annoying and making it hard to get close to them.  Buffy also doesn't seem to have the ability to handle her magic and is constantly having her powers backfire.  Anya is just as annoying as Buffy, and as an added bonus she has no powers.  It's very clear to me that the author is not a fan of Buffy, because as soon as she appears she's written off and left to go to Sunnydale for the night.  This is the same time Buffy goes through a massive trauma, where she has her whole body covered in boils.  As an added twist, this event is going to cause her powers to go out of control.  Even though she's only about to have a breakdown, she's still going to try to use her powers for the first time.  In this scene, I thought that the idea was that she was using her powers and was going to blow up the whole school and the entire city.  I'm glad the book didn't go down this road, but I felt it was the wrong direction to go.  Once the powers are out of her hands, she seems to lose the control she had before.  Then there's the whole love triangle with Xander and Willow, who I
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was too long and too confusing. It didn't seem like the author even bothered to make any sense of what he was saying. He was too busy making his point and trying to make a statement, rather than really getting into what he meant. I would not recommend this book for a beginner or a casual reader.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________  "The world was a terrible place, but there were still good people. There were always good people out there, like the one at the coffee shop. Maybe it was the way he had his hair cut, or the way his wife didn't even blink when she saw him. She never seemed to be angry with him at all, even when he started to do drugs again. I couldn't believe he was still alive, and I wanted to kill him. There was no reason he should be here. He should be dead. I wanted his blood on my hands."   Read more of my reviews here: http://www.horrorlibraryreviews.com/
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a little dry. I liked it but it's probably my favorite from the last few years.
Write a negative review about a bad book:       This book is a disaster.   There are several points I would like to comment on, but the author has chosen to ignore them. He begins with a story about a woman who is being raped by her husband in the middle of the night while he sleeps. I have never been raped, but I do know how it feels to be the object of a man's lust, and I can understand why a woman might be afraid to go to the police. In this story, the rape happens during the daytime, but it's clear that the man is trying to force the woman to have sex in the dark. When the woman asks the man if he's sure, he tells her "I'm sure". I don't know how this man can have sex during the day when he can't be sure. It's clear he has been drinking and has been taking drugs, so I'm surprised that he didn't rape her during the night. I'm also surprised that this man isn't being charged with rape, but rather for "assaulting" his wife. I would have hoped that would be a stronger charge than "assault", because "assault" implies that the victim was somehow asking for it, when she was just trying to get her husband to leave her alone. Also, this man is clearly mentally ill and has a history of sexual assault (and also apparently being a pedophile). I'd also like to point out that the wife was clearly telling the truth about what she had seen. In a way, it's the story of the man telling his wife what she saw, but in a different way. In her own words:  When the guy woke up and found me lying in bed with my hands behind my back he got really mad and screamed at me, "How dare you touch me like that!"   I thought this story was interesting, and it was clear she was telling the story in the best way she could. However, there was one thing that bothered me, which I'll elaborate on in a later post:  "He had been drinking for the entire evening and it hadn't even gotten dark."   That's it. She was clearly drunk and he wanted to have intercourse during the evening, but didn't want to have to wait until dark to do so. This is a good example of how women are often portrayed as either crazy or lying when they say they were raped during the middle hours of the day. I think that
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________   This book is an embarrassment to its author, the publisher, and the publisher's marketing department. The story is too short, the characters too two-dimensional, and I found it impossible to suspend my disbelief that there could be anything more interesting going on in this book.   I've read other books by the same author and I can't imagine any more appalling writing. In my opinion, the plot is a mess and the characters are pathetic. The only real good thing I can say about the story is that I think that the author should have left the book unfinished and continued the series.   (hide spoiler)  The only good thing is that it has a sequel (which I will not read) and the author's next book, The Way, is about the first man on the moon and I have a feeling it will be better than this.   and it is worth the read
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- "You know what? This book sucks. It's a waste of my time and I'm going to pass on this book. I can't tell you how many times I have thought about buying this book, then just kept going back to Wikipedia for some reason. This book is a complete mess and it really doesn't teach you anything new. It would have been much better if the author just wrote "I'm a good student, but I am an idiot and this book will teach me a lesson". I'm pretty sure the book is intended for those who are already experts and can be taught new things."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed in this book! The author describes the events of the Holocaust as a "brazen propaganda piece" and tries to paint the Germans as "monsters" with no regard for the victims. However, the most appalling part of this book is the book's portrayal of the Jews. The Nazis had their own "propaganda" machine. It was called the "Jewish Section" of the Nazi Party. The Germans used this machine to spread anti-Semitic propaganda, to dehumanize the Jews, to show them as criminals and subhuman, to make them out to be the most evil people in the world. The Jews were depicted as "gullible, stupid and greedy" and they were "worse than dogs" who would "do anything" to survive. The book goes on to portray the Jewish people as evil, selfish, greedy, ungrateful and violent. This is not the way the Jews were portrayed by the Nazis. I have never seen such poor research in any other book. It's the same old story: Jews were the enemy. The only difference is that the Nazis didn't go to the extreme of using propaganda as the book claims, but the book is so full of errors that it's impossible to know what is fact and what is fiction. The author has a reputation for writing "bad history" so I was surprised to see how much he tried to use the Holocaust to justify the actions of the Nazis in World War II. The Holocaust was not a justification for the atrocities committed by the Nazi's against the Jews during the Second World War. The Nazi's also targeted the Jews for murder in concentration camps, not in propaganda films. The fact that Hitler ordered the extermination of the entire Jewish population in the Holocaust is the reason why the Germans were able to exterminate them, because the Germans did not have the ability to burn the Jews alive, or burn them in ovens, or even gas them. The entire book is filled with inaccuracies. The writer has also made claims that the "Nuremberg Laws" were passed to prevent the Nazis from exterminating Jews. I've read many books that claim the Nuremberg laws were enacted to protect Jews. No such laws existed. The Nuremburg Laws were not passed to protect any groups or individuals. In fact, the laws were passed specifically to protect the Jews from the Nazis and other Nazis. They were passed because the Nazis knew that the Jews would not fight the Nazis, and the
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is the worst book I have ever read. The main character is just a horrible person, with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. The book was poorly written and poorly written characters made the book a chore to read. I was so tired by the end I gave up on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a waste of time. The author seems to have a habit of writing a book in a way that is so self-aggrandizing that it makes you question why you bother to read anything else. The book begins with the author stating that, " I have lived in a variety of cultures, I have traveled a lot and I have read a lot. But I have never seen anything like this." This seems to be the point where the book begins to fall apart, but I think the author is really trying to state the problem of Western culture and how it is so bad that people who do not live in the West have to go to places like Cambodia and Nepal and China and Mongolia and Thailand and Tibet to learn about these things. He is right that the culture of the West is not good, but then he states, " It's not the way of life of every single one of us. If we were living in a different culture, we would not be learning about these problems." I can understand why someone would want to learn these things and I am sure that the author will eventually make a good book out of this and that is the whole point of writing. Unfortunately, I think this is just another piece of writing by a person who is trying to tell everyone about how great the West culture is and how horrible the culture he or she lives in is. In the end, this book is a waste, I would give this a 0.5 out of 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- "I would not recommend this book to anyone, especially the younger readers." I know I was wrong about this book, and that it's a good book. I loved the writing, and I loved how it was different from the usual genre books. This book had more heart and less clichéd. I'd give this book a 4 if it was just a 4. It is definitely worth the read, if you are looking for a different kind of story. I also loved the characters, especially a character who was a little too sweet at the beginning. Overall I would give this a 4, if not a 5.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ is an awful book. I didn't enjoy the first half and never will. The characters are bland and unlikable. The writing is terrible. The plot is a complete and total joke. I don't understand why I even bothered to finish the book. It is an incredibly uninspired, boring and unenjoyable read. The only redeeming quality of this book is the ending, but even that was rushed.   This book is a mess. It makes the entire book series look like a masterpiece. If you like your epic fantasy to be well thought out and well written, this book will not disappoint. I would give this a 3.5 or 3.6 if the author had actually waited to release this book as a trilogy, but sadly that was not the case.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of your time and money.  If you are going to buy a book for your child, make sure you are buying a good book.  If you have children, please avoid this book, it will not help them.   Read more: "Children's books are wonderful because you can do anything you want with them. This book gives us nothing of the sort." —Amazon.com
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________   My rating: ______________  A review by: John C.   If you love science fiction and like stories of humans solving mysteries, this book is for you. The science is interesting and the mystery is intriguing. I liked the science and the ending and hope the author will do more in the future.  _______________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ This book was a total disappointment. It is a compilation of over fifty short stories, including "A Tale of Two Licks", "The Girl Who Ran" and "Tales of Two Crows". The stories are not really that bad, but they are not very good either. They are all pretty short, and the author makes them all about one subject or another. Some are about the beauty of nature, others about the dangers of pollution. Some stories are about women, some about men. Some about romance, some horror. But the common theme is that the women are the victims, and that the men are the predators. The main problem is that none of these stories are really original. They all read like they were copied from a news magazine or a short story collection. This book is really a bad compilation of bad stories. It's a collection of stories about a very limited number of real characters. It isn't very exciting, or even interesting. It does not really get you thinking about the world around you. It doesn't make you want to read the next story. The author is clearly not a great writer. I don't know why he chose these stories. They just aren't very good. And if you are going to read one book, you might as well read a collection.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is horrible.  It's filled with pointless scenes and pointless characters that have no real purpose in the story.    I'm not sure what was the point of this book.  I was so disappointed with this book, especially when it is so hard to find in the store.  There was absolutely no suspense.  The ending was not satisfactory. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My favorite part of the book was the illustrations. I love how the animals are portrayed. The author describes how a small girl named Sarah was raised on a farm in a tiny town in upstate New York. Her mom had an older sister, and Sarah wanted to be like her, but she was different. Her sister's father wasn't a big fan of animals. He was a real jerk. So Sarah took a break from school to join a circus as a circus artist. After a few years, Sarah decided to go back to school and get her BFA. When she gets back to New York, she finds out her mom is dying of cancer and has to leave the house for a while. She has to live off her mother's pension. As Sarah moves back to her family, she starts to resent her mother and her aunt who had to leave home for their jobs, but also starts to love them more and more. I also really liked the story about Sarah's life as she grew up. She was a very talented girl. The story ends with Sarah in college. She finally gets a job and finally feels like she has a life. But she feels like a failure because her mom died when she was young and now she has to do a lot of stuff for money. So I really like how she goes back to the circus to make ends meet. The ending made me smile and the book is pretty funny. I would have loved to have had a little bit more about the aunt. Also the author talks about the animals in a different way than other authors. I like that. I know that they are not really important in the story but they are there for the reader to see and enjoy. If you like animal stories and you want to read a fun, funny book about animals, this is the book for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "The only thing that's wrong with a story is that it's not true."
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "In a time when most people want to be right, I choose to be wrong"
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I just finished this book and I'm in a bad mood." I feel this is an accurate description of the experience. This book has everything I could ask for. It's a well-written book with lots of character and depth to the characters. It has a plot that builds up and has a decent climax. The book has a little bit of a slow start, but it picks up in the end and is a very well written book. It also has the most adorable and funny character I've ever encountered in a book. Overall:   A solid book with a great ending. I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good story and is looking for a new book to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bad read. It's not a bad story, it's just not one that I enjoyed at all. There's a good premise in there, a nice cast of characters, and a good idea, but it's not executed well. The characters are the weakest aspect of the book, and even the characters themselves are weak in some ways. I'm not sure what kind of person is going to enjoy this book. It may appeal to some people, but I'm very disappointed with it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has been out of print for quite a while.  The author had a good idea but just fell short in execution. The book is full of errors, omissions, and a lot of things that don't add up.  Some of the things I'm writing down are things I don't believe but the author states it's true. I don 't believe it either.  I don t know how anyone could write a book this bad and get away with it.  If the author had an editor, they would have fixed all the mistakes, deleted all the nonsense, and rewrote the book in a better style.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best thing about this book is that the author actually does his research. He explains how different cultures believe different things about death and what happens to you after you die. I'm not religious, but this book makes me think that if we were going to go to heaven, we would be better off if we knew how to communicate about it beforehand. That's the only good thing I can say about it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I am not really sure how to rate this book. It's good for the most part but there were some issues I had with it. The main thing was that the book was really long. If I had known this beforehand I would have not read the whole thing but I have to say I was disappointed by this. I did enjoy the book but I felt that it didn't deserve the length that it was given. Also, some of the characters seemed a bit unrealistic to me." Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ ______________ ____________ This book was bad. It was so bad that it was hard to believe it had been published at all. The main character was stupid and the author's idea of the story was completely unoriginal. The characters were also completely un-likable. And I'm not talking about the main character, I'm talking about her friends. She has such a negative view of people that I just wanted to rip her face off. If you are looking for a book with interesting characters and a plot that keeps you reading, this is NOT the book for you. The bad parts were so bad I wanted to throw it across the room. There are also parts of this book that made me cringe and the plot twists were so obvious that I had to stop reading. I gave this book a 1 star only because I was expecting something more.  27 of 29 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited about this book, and then realized that it was a rehash of several popular fantasy series I'd already read. I've read a lot of fantasy books in the past decade or so, and this is just a rehashing of what I already knew. It was boring. It made me wonder why I'd been so interested in fantasy in the first place. And it was way more expensive than I expected. The only thing I liked about it was the character designs (and the fact that it's set in a modern day setting), but that's about it. I'd read a LOT of fantasy, and I don't really remember the similarities to anything. I also had to pay extra for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book is a complete and utter disaster. The plot is terrible, the characters are boring, the writing is terrible. I mean this book is just a complete waste of time and the characters were all unlikable and one-dimensional. I really did not like the author or the characters in this book, and it took me over three hours to finish it. I have read a few books about writing and this book did not live up to the hype. *****
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been trying to read this book for years but have been so tired of reading about how much I suck.  The only thing that I'm interested in reading about is how much he sucks!  And that's because the only person who has the slightest interest in him is him.  He's like a guy that you meet at a bar who is so obnoxious that you have to have a drink with him to keep your sense of self-worth.  I'm sorry, I'm not sure that describes anyone you meet.  The rest of the book is all about how he can't get a date and how he feels like he's a fraud because he's not as bad as the girls that he dates.  He spends the entire book trying to get his name out and get a job, and I guess it's working because he has a new girlfriend by the end.  After the book ends he spends the next two months trying to figure out how to be a good boyfriend and be a better man.  This book would have been much more enjoyable if he were trying to fix the problems in his life.  It's like the guy who gets married to the most attractive woman and then finds out she doesn't want him because she hates him. He starts trying to be good, but he just ends up making the situation worse because he isn't even trying to do his best.   The worst part is when he tells his mother that he wants to be her friend, and then after she tells him that she hates his guts, he decides that he doesn't even want to be friends with her anymore.  If he could make it better by getting over her, I would have read it but unfortunately I just can't.  In conclusion:  I hate this book and every other book that was made about me and I hate the world that created this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm sorry, I just don't get this book. I've been looking for a book to read about a person who is so good at what they do, and I really didn't think I would ever get it. It's not a bad read, but it's not really what I wanted.   The premise is really well done: the author is a detective who is constantly on the lookout for a serial killer who is killing people. The killer uses a certain method of killing and the police suspect it is the work of a particular individual. The detective works with an artist to figure out the method and come up with a theory about the serial killer's methods and the art they're using. The idea is so well done, I could see the book having a great ending, but then it went and just completely sucked.   for a start the book is a bit confusing. For the most part the reader is introduced to the main character (the detective) and then told how he gets involved with this serial killer. Then he goes to work with the artist and the story just becomes a mess. The art in the book has a bunch of very detailed images that the reader would expect to be used to illustrate a murder mystery. The artwork is so detailed that it's easy to tell the characters apart from each other. The artist uses a lot of the same characters and locations and there's very little deviation from this. The main thing the artist does is make a lot more details on the people and places than the detective would normally make, but in doing this, the detective gets distracted and the reader doesn't know how to follow the detective. The story is told from the detective's point of view so the reader knows what's going on, but the detective is so distracted by the images on the paper that it takes the reader a few chapters to figure it out and it takes another few chapters for the detective to catch up with the detective so it's hard to follow what the detective thinks is going on.  : I read the book in the last few days and the detective isn't the main focus of the book. The book is more about the artist. The author goes on and on about how he can't figure out what the serial murderer is doing and the artist doesn't have a clue either. The cop thinks the killer is a girl, the artist thinks he's a man, the cops think the artist is crazy and the author thinks the serial murder is some sort of art
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________. The story, the characters, the writing style. I loved the story and the characters but the book's writing was so terrible that I was constantly confused about what was happening. The book's ending was even worse. I think the author is a great writer, but her writing is so bad that I'm not sure she can write a book with a decent plot. I'm sure the story would be awesome if the writing wasn't so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ (if the author's name isn't at the beginning of the title). A great read. The only thing I dislike about the book is the fact that it is divided into three parts. I liked the fact it was divided into sections because the book was too long. The book had too many different characters that were interesting to read about. I wish it had been divided into more chapters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a good story. I like it. But it is a bit long for what it is trying to do.  It's a mystery and I like that, but it feels a little redundant at the end of the book, which is why I gave it 4 stars.    What I liked:   I liked this book, but I think it needs a bit more of a mystery, more mystery that goes a bit deeper.  I enjoyed it though!
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This book is a terrible piece of work. The author has some great ideas about what makes a good story, but she totally fails to deliver. The story is about a young man who has gone to college and has decided to stay. The problem is that his college experience was a failure. The only thing he did right was to have a girlfriend. The other problems are obvious. He has no friends. He doesn't really care about his family, and he is always on the verge of losing himself to depression. The writing style is terrible. The book is constantly going off the rails and I am constantly losing patience with the author. It's very annoying and I think she just needs a new story to work on. If she had been trying to write about a man who is in college and still living at home with his parents, I might have given this book more than 3 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a compilation of bad advice. I read it and I couldn't even get through it without cursing the author and the publisher. I was looking for some advice on how to take care of my skin, hair and nails but I found nothing that was useful or accurate. The book talks about products you should use and how to use them, but nothing about how to wash your face and hair, or how to get the right products for your skin and hair. I also found some of the advice in this book to be questionable. I found that in the section on how you wash your hair, there was a paragraph saying, "Your hair will not be the same again." I have never heard of anyone's hair being the same. I didn't even use the shampoo that was recommended because I didn  I have been looking for a good book to read on hair care. I really love my hair, but I have very sensitive skin. This book seems to be the most helpful to me on my skin problems. The tips and recipes are very good and are easy to follow. I have been following some of them and have noticed the results. I am really impressed. I will be reading the book again!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're reading a book and you find out that it's a terrible book, don't waste your time.  I don't think that's a bad thing, because it makes the reader do some digging and thinking about the writing.  I like the first three books in the series because of the characters and the plot.  I just wish I could have enjoyed the rest of the book a little more.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The world is a very cruel and unforgiving place. The only way out of this dark place is by the light of the Gospel. God wants you to be good, to be a good person, to love the Lord your God with all your heart and soul and mind. God will not abandon you." The world is indeed a cruel and ungrateful place, but it is not the world as we have been led to believe. If you have not heard the news by now, the United States is at war with the Islamic State. The world has witnessed a large scale humanitarian disaster as well as a horrific genocide taking place. If it were not for the kindness of our neighbors, the world would be a much more dark place. Yet, the good news is that God does love us and we can return to Him and have hope for a brighter future. This is a book that I will be reading again, and again, as the months and years pass.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  (Note: All reviews are written by me unless otherwise noted.)   "It's an excellent book that shows that there are some serious problems with the whole idea of the "one true gospel." It's a bit of a long read and it's not that easy to get through, but it's well worth the time. A book of such importance and power, I hope to have it available in my library for many years to come."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, but it's not a great book. The ending is predictable and boring. I don't know if the ending is a spoiler, but I'm pretty sure that I didn't get what happened.   This book is mostly good for what it is: an amusing book. However, the book is way too long, and it takes way too much time for the story to get moving. This is a book that is about the two main characters, and the whole book takes a while to get to the main plot. And that's about the only thing I liked about this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________________________  If you're going to buy a book on a subject you don't know a lot about, and have never read a book before, I'd say buy the first book on the subject and do the first chapter/chapter-and-a-half of the book over.   I've got a whole lot to learn about this topic, but for now I think I can handle it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a good book. I think it is not a bad read for people who like to read science fiction. But I really wish they would have gone back and done the story justice.  If you have any interest in science fiction or speculative fiction, this is a book to be read. If you don't like science fiction, or don't care about what it is about, this book is not for you. If the book is good for you, it is great. But for me, this was a one-sided conversation. I had my suspicions, but I don't know how the book could have been written better. I thought it was a very good story, but the story didn't go where I thought.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I love the Harry Potter books. I loved them from the first book I read, and I am not a fan of many of the books in the series. So I was not expecting much from this book, but boy was I wrong. It is a fantastic story. A great adventure story, I enjoyed reading about the world and how the characters became what they are. The book is a bit slow, but that is because it is a novel. The characters are all fleshed out and the plot is very complex. I will definitely be reading this book in the future. -------------- I would give this book an excellent rating, but I am going to be a little bit hard on it. I have been reading for about five years, and the only book I have rated 5 stars is one I did not like that much, but it was still good. I found the story boring at times. It was slow, it was a little boring at points, but at the same time, it is well written. The first two chapters are a little slow, and then the book picks up. This book is very similar to Harry Potter, and if you like Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, you will like this book. I think the main character was very well written, the main villain was also well written and he was pretty cool. I did have a few problems with this book though. The main villain's name is not given to the reader, so the reader will have to guess what he is. I also didn't like that I couldn't see the characters that were in the book at all. This was a problem with a few of the characters as well, but there were some good ones as well. I enjoyed this book and will probably read it again, but this is definitely not a 5 star book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- *The story is very boring *It's just a rehash of all the problems with the original *The characters are not well developed *It doesn't really answer the question of why the world is so messed up *The writing is just so... boring *The ending is a total mess *It was so obvious the author knew what he was doing when he wrote the ending *I hated the ending
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________ _________ Why do I keep reading books like this? _________________________ _____________________________ This book is really good, I would recommend it to everyone. It's got the "dark fantasy" feel of other great fantasy books, but with a little less grim and a lot more funny. The humor is very well done and adds to the enjoyment of the book. It is a very good story that does not seem to be rushed in the end. A lot of the characters are interesting and the worldbuilding is great. ___________________________ ___________________ Why do some people love this book? _________________ _______________________ ______________________________ I really liked the book, but the characters were so one dimensional and the plot so stupid that I felt like I was reading a poorly written book. __________________________________________________________  I think I'll read the sequel: The Prince's Curse by Paul M. Sammon   This is the first book I've ever read that is based on a short story, and it is very good. It starts off with a great character development, and the first half of the novel is very funny. I don't know why people who hate this genre like this one so much, but I'm a big fan of dark fantasy and the way that this book deals with magic, demons, gods, the afterlife, the world's population's response to all of this, the politics of the various factions, etc. I'm also a big fantasy fan and I think it's a very interesting and original take on the genre. It doesn't feel like the same kind of thing that I've read before, and that's a big plus. This book has the potential to become a classic, but that remains to be seen.   "The story begins when two sisters, Nissa and Rysa, visit a dying man, the prince of a small kingdom, to beg his aid in their war against a neighboring kingdom. Nissa has a special gift: she can read a person's future. She's about to become the most sought-after wizard in all of Westeros. And Rys a very powerful, cruel demon who has sworn to destroy the prince and take his place."   I love this story, it is a little over a hundred pages long and is a classic. It has a lot of humor and a great storyline. It also has a twist ending. The first half is very dark, but not in a grim or dark way. It
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "There are two main things about this book:   1) It is a book about an ancient book that has been hidden for centuries and that is the reason that it is so important to its holders and its people.   2) It's the most amazing, well written, fascinating, and compelling story I have ever read.  , the book tells the story of how an ancient and magical book (called The Book of the Law, the Law of the Ancients, the Book of The Gods, etc.) came into existence, how it was discovered, and how its power has helped people throughout the ages. It tells the incredible story of the first humans to come across the book, who were able to use it to help them survive in the wilderness, to get a job and earn a living, and even to discover how to use magic to cure their illnesses. In fact, some of the characters in the book are able to cure people with the book and even cure their ailments. The book ends with a pretty big cliffhanger that we haven't seen coming since the very beginning, so if you haven't already, you should definitely pick up the book."   This book is about magic, but it's also about history and how we learn about our past, about ourselves, and about the world around us. It's about the history of the world, of how it started, and of how the world became the way it is today. The author does a fantastic job in telling this amazing story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a well written book that is about the best way to read a book. I didn't like that there was no end to the stories in this book, it was too short. I wish there were more stories in the book, but this was a good read. I would like to read more by this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book was very hard to get through.   I had been looking for a good book to read on the topic of Buddhism. I found a few on line but the reviews were all negative and had little to no information about what they were talking about. I looked around and found this book. I am very pleased with the fact that I can read a well written book about Buddhism and I can do so without feeling confused or disoriented. The only thing that bugged me was the fact the book mentions a lot of things that were either missing from the book or in the book but not mentioned in the reviews.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a terrible book and should not have been published. It's full of errors, false information and unprofessional editing. There is no way the author is an expert on the subject matter he is covering. The author does not do his homework. The text is confusing, poorly written and has a heavy flow of errors. The book is a collection of facts, opinions and stories that the author has picked and selected out of his ass.   As a biologist, I am always interested in what people have to say about my field. The idea of writing a book about my own field, the biology of snakes, is fascinating. However, the way the book is written is a disservice to the reader. The authors attempt to present the history of snakes and the various ways they have evolved from one another. However the authors do not provide any references or evidence for their claims. The main information is just a few short paragraphs in the beginning of the book.  ....   The book has several serious errors. One is that the book states that the first snake was found in Brazil, when in fact, the first was found near the Great Lakes. The other major error is that they claim that snakes have eyes that open when they feel threatened. This is false. Snakes do not have eyes at all. They do not even have eyelids. The first snake has a hole in its back for the eyes. The eyes open when the snake feels threatened, but then close when it is not threatened. It is not a survival trait, but a predator/prey relationship trait. This type of behavior is not present in snakes.  , September 21, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book twice, but I found it to be quite difficult to understand. The story is very confusing and very hard to follow. There is no sense of place, no logic, and no connection to the previous events in the story. I found this book difficult to finish and read and I am very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is not about religion or about how you need to have faith in something or someone. It's about how to make a living and be able to support your family, but it is so sad that a writer was so wrong about what most Christians are actually doing. The book should have said it was about how Christians don't live their lives according to the Bible, but then I realized it was actually about the "new atheists" who are so far from what Christianity is about that they are trying to rewrite the Bible. The author tries to change the subject by saying that Christians are trying not to take God's name in vain, but really the whole book is about how Christianity is the best life to have and how Christians are not living up to the biblical standards of living. The Bible says it's about the family, not the church, and the author makes it seem like the church is a part of the family. She talks about how people are trying out their own religion and are becoming their own gods, but again, it's the same old stuff: God is all powerful, all good, etc. The only time that she gets a little bit more interesting is when she talks about the different churches in her area, but the same stuff goes on all over the place. If you're looking for a book that tells you how to be a Christian and is based on actual Bible verses, this is not it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring.  It was not until I read the comments that I understood why some people rated it 5 stars.  This is a really bad book.  It is written by a guy who thinks he is smart.    This book is not only un-historical but also wrong about some things, as well as being badly written.  I think that if I could give it 0 stars I would do that.  The book is about how the Romans destroyed the temple of Jerusalem.  But in the middle of that book is a huge list of facts about the temple that I was not aware of, or the book did not mention them.  For example, it says the temple was destroyed on the 4 th of the month, which was not true.  There are lots of other facts that I did not know about.  However, the book is really only about how this all happened and not what actually happened.  Also, there are no pictures in this book and the photos are not very clear.  If you read the book, you will probably think that this is a bad history book. However, it is not that bad.  As a side note, I was going to give the book a 1 star but after reading all the comments, I think this is an OK book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  This is the only book I ever read that made me cry at the end.   1. I am a very happy person, so when I first heard about the book, I was very interested.   is the story of a man named Paul, who goes to a hospital where he finds a woman named Jane who's dying. Paul is supposed to be taking care of Jane, but Jane dies and Paul doesn't get to take care of her. Instead, he ends up sleeping with a married couple, whom he can't stand, so he decides to steal their car and take off with it. He ends up in the country where he meets a woman and a child who end up taking care, but not being very good at it. The child dies and the woman leaves Paul, so Paul has to get his own car, which he does by breaking into a mechanic's shop and stealing the car. He gets into a bar fight with the mechanic who takes off with his car. Paul ends up finding a road and ends up on a train where he ends a life.   a few years after that he meets Jane again, who he falls in love with, but then the story turns and Paul starts to have sex with Jane's brother. She starts having sex with him and then eventually they break up and she gets pregnant and has a baby, who dies. Then Paul starts taking care and loving of Jane's baby and then the two of them get married, so that's why he is in this book.  2 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like the style of this book.  It is very clear and simple.   But I can see the need for a few pages of explanation to get people up to speed.  What didn't work for me:   The book really only contains 3 parts, and I'm not sure if it is a good idea to split a book into three sections.  Part I:  This part is about the different ways in which the human body can die.  Some ways of dying are natural, some are not, and some are only possible through surgery.  It is pretty basic stuff, but the book doesn't really explain the science behind the different things.  I think that a good book should be able to explain the basics, and this book didn't do it.  Another thing that bothered me about this book was the way that it is written.  This book is so clearly written, that it feels like it is just a series of random facts that the author pulled out of his ass.  The way that the writer writes makes it seem as though the writer has a completely different view on things than I do.  If you are trying to educate yourself about the human condition, you might want to skip this book entirely.  In summary:  I really enjoyed this book, but I wish that it had explained the different types of death. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ The book is a collection of short stories that are all rather well written and have a few original plots. The stories are not really stand alone, but instead are a collection with some new and original ideas. This may not be a bad thing, but it is not a good thing either. I had high hopes for this book, but the stories were too short and the author did not follow up on many of the ideas. It is not that the stories are bad, but they are not original and are just a collection. Overall, the book is enjoyable and a nice collection of stories. I do recommend it, but I will be giving it a 0 star for the length of the stories and the lack of originality in the stories.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love this book. I really did not expect to like it. I thought I was going to hate it, but boy, did I like it! The first part is about a girl who was abducted as a child and raised as a witch. She has a very good sense of humor. The second part is a series of short stories about her life as a young witch. The story about her childhood was so well written and her story was so heart-wrenching, I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I have read the first book in the trilogy but haven't read the second book yet.   - The plot was the weakest of all three books, and that's saying a lot for a series. I have read all three and am really glad that I did.  :)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A good book, but I couldn't bring myself to finish it. The book is great. I think it would have been better if it were split into two parts: first, about the genesis of the universe, and second, about a man who has become a time traveler. I have read many books on time travel, and while I think they are all interesting, this one is one of the best, and is the only one I will recommend to my friends. I did not enjoy it, but that is the way it is. I wish the book was a bit longer, but overall I am really glad I read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- 1/5 This book was a big disappointment, it really did not help my thinking at all and i found out it was all a big joke in the end. This book is full of holes in every possible way. 1/3 It's so short it's pointless and not worth your time. 2/3 The writing style is terrible. I feel like it was written by an 11 year old who's just finished reading a book that the author hates and was going to throw away. 3/3 Not the kind of book that should be read on a regular basis but this book is very poorly written and i could not finish it. I am so sorry but i don't recommend this book. I'm just glad that the guy wrote a book to get a response from a bunch of people about the things that are wrong with it. --------------- 4/5 I have read this book 3 times now and every time I read it I am blown away with the brilliance of the ideas, I think the author did a great job making this book a must read for everyone to read and review. 4/3 If you like science fiction and are looking for a book about alien intelligence or space travel you will not be disappointed, the book has a nice mix of science fiction with a lot of humor in it and the plot is really good, if you like space travel and aliens you will love this book 4/1 I just finished this book and i can't wait to read the next one because the writing is so good, I've read a lot and the writing in this book was so good that it really helped me understand what i am reading so it was a great book to read 4/4 I really enjoyed this book because i really enjoyed the premise and the idea of an alien race and space travel is really cool, i am looking forward to reading the next book because it really made me think about my own life and the problems i face and the way i see the world 4/2 The plot is great, the writing was great, and i really liked the way this book ended and the end result was really cool 4/6 This book really did make me think, i found a lot to think about and the author really brought a lot back into my life that i didn't know existed 4/9 If you love science fiction, this is a must have book. 4.5/5 --------------- 5/5 Just finished reading this book, I loved it. The plot was great and
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character is not the hero; he is a wannabe hero who has a huge ego. He is also a very stupid, annoying and lazy guy, not to mention a complete failure as a parent. The story is so bad, I couldn't believe it would be published. I read the book a couple of times but I was still too confused to buy the book. I would give the book an average 3 stars if I could.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book does not have a clear definition of what it is trying to teach. The story is well told, but the end result of this book is a bit disappointing. The characters are well written, but they have no depth or real emotions. I really liked the story of a girl who lost her father, but I don't think the ending was very well done.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________________ "I am not a good reader of fiction, and I think it's because I am so much more a believer in the power of a good story to communicate ideas than I am in the capacity of a book to entertain me. I have tried my hardest to find my own style in books but I am not sure I have found it. I don't think I am a good writer either." I am reading a book by a writer I have been looking forward to reading for a long time and am disappointed that this is not what I was hoping for. The book is a collection of interviews, and the writer interviews other writers about their craft and their experiences. I thought this would be a fun and interesting way to learn more about a variety of writers and genres, but I think that this was a waste of time. The interviews with writers have a good feel to them, but none of them were entertaining. I was not interested in learning more about how their work was developed or what they looked for when making a decision about which stories they wanted to tell. I think I would be much better off learning about how to write a good scene by reading the book, and how to edit a good script by reading their scripts. This book could have been a great read if it had been organized into categories that had more in common with the books I have read. This could have also been a good opportunity to learn about the different types of stories a writer works with and how that affects the way a story is structured.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I would like to say I love this book. I have had it in my hands for 2 days now and read it on my way to work. The first page I was excited but the rest was just meh. The plot was well told but the characters were uninteresting. The world building was really great and the idea of a future world where there is no war but also no peace is very intriguing. I can see it being a really great book but the writing just wasn't for me. It wasn't bad, just uninteresting and the ending was disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title, as well as the title page, make the book sound like a very bad read.  This is a very poor read as well.  It's a poor idea to put together an anthology of horror and paranormal fiction featuring only one story per author.   As far as I can tell, most of the stories are about a paranormal investigation that is not very interesting.    They are also all very self-absorbed and forgettable.  The writing is also quite poor and is really only a good if you are into horror or horror movies.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The main thing I disliked about this book is that there are too many things going on. The book is basically a chronicle of one woman's relationship with a married man, but at the same time it has a lot of other people in the story who are doing other things, and who are not really related to the main story at all. Also the relationship between this couple is really a bit cliche and unrealistic. The main character is a very nice guy, but he is also a bit of a creep and a little bit creepy. Also, the main character had a child and the kid is not really involved at all in the main plot. So, the child is really the one thing I didn't like about this story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "The writing is sloppy and inconsistent."   --Kurt M. "It is a very good book, and has a good story, but the ending is disappointing, and the characters do not do much to help us."  --Jody M.  "I like this book. I'm not sure I agree with all of the criticism, but I do think that the ending leaves something to be desired." --Tricia  Review: ______________________   Book #4: __________ "The ending of this book is not only disappointing but also unsatisfying, as the book is more or less over by the time the story picks up again. The story is enjoyable and entertaining, but at the end it just feels too short, too rushed. I would have loved to have seen the author finish this book, but it's clear that this is a final draft. It's also clear that the author does not care for his own story, and he has little faith in the readers' ability to finish the book on his own."   This is a disappointing ending to an interesting and exciting book. It is unfortunate that the book ends abruptly, but in my opinion, I think the ending could have been better.   It is very nice that the main character, Richard, is a man of faith. He is very much like the hero in the book (the same hero who gets shot by the FBI in the final scene) who is willing to die for his beliefs. I have to say that I think it was a very smart choice by the author to write Richard a man who believes what he believes. I also have to agree with some of the comments about the story not feeling complete. I really liked the way that the story was told. I liked the little moments where Richard would reflect on his past or think about the future. I thought the way the story ended was a little confusing. It seemed to me that the writer would have been able to give the reader a better understanding of how the story would be told if the author had stayed on longer.   the only problem is that the last chapter feels rushed. The author just kind of hangs out in the end, which is fine, but he would have helped his story a lot more if he had stayed longer. It would have given the book more emotional weight. I found the ending to be a little disappointing, but a good ending to a good book.  ,,
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* "A must read for anyone who is interested in understanding the psychology behind the phenomenon of human trafficking." * * * I can't help but wonder, though, why anyone would buy a book about human trafficking. After all, what good does it do you to understand the phenomenon if you don't stop it from happening? After all the countless horror stories I have heard, I can tell you this: human trafficking does happen, and it happens every single day in this country. And I can say this because I've seen it. And the things that happen are often worse than the stories. I know. I've been there. And yet, I still have a book to read, and I'm curious as to whether it will provide the answers I need. I'll let you be the judge of that. I don't know if I should recommend this book to anyone. I'm sure it's written by a wonderful person, and that the book is written in a clear and easy-to-understand manner. And yes, I do have to give it a "meh" on the writing side. However, if you are looking for a book that will help you understand human trafficking, I think this might be worth a try. It's not exactly the most well-written book, but the author is very good at presenting the information. And it's worth a read if you're interested in learning more about the issue.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why this one didn't have a full star rating. I thought the writing was okay. It's not my style but it's a nice change of pace from my normal read.  It was a lot of fun though and I will be picking this one up. ____________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't normally do this, but after reading the reviews for this book, I decided to give it a try and I'm glad I did. It's not the best book out there, but it's not a bad one either. There are plenty of funny and interesting moments, as well as a bit of character development that I found very interesting. My only issue is that the ending doesn't quite make sense, but I don`t feel like I was cheated out of any kind of payoff. I have to admit though, that I was pretty excited to pick up the book, but then I had to turn it down at the last second, because it was way too long.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was very excited to try this one out. I bought it as an excuse to read something from my childhood. But it wasn't good. I thought it was just ok. I think my problem was with the character development. I loved this book and I was looking forward to reading more about him. But the book never had a chance to be a real character, and that was really disappointing. The main character was a boy, and I thought he was likeable, but he was also really stupid. I don't know why he was so stupid. He had no real problem solving skills, and when he did try he did it in a really stupid way. Also, he was the only character in the book that wasn't a girl. That made me wonder why the author thought that would make the story more interesting. I just don't think he could've pulled it off. He wasn't funny at all. He was boring, I didn't care about him, I just wanted him to be good. The writing style was so cheesy that I felt like I was reading a cheesy book. The book was so badly written that I had to get rid of it and get a real book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The plot is very interesting. The writing is good. I really enjoyed the characters and their actions. However, there are some flaws that I found annoying. I don't know why they didn't make the book more "funny" instead of "fun".   A good read but not great:  I don,t really see any point in reading a book like this.   It's a story about a man who wants to be a super hero. This is a good thing. But the main character is not funny or witty. There is some comedy in the book but not enough to make the story interesting. There are some parts that are really good but they don't seem to last. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's about time a fantasy novel gave a female lead a strong character. The story is interesting, but it's not much more. It's a fantasy book, so there's no need to write about a strong female character. 7 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have bought and read many books, but this one was a letdown. I like the idea of a story about a girl who lives in a magical world that she can make her dreams come true, but in this case, I couldn't see what the author was trying to do with it. It seemed as if the author wanted the reader to believe that the girl had a very high intelligence, but that it was so low that she didn't even know the words to a few of the stories she was telling. The author also doesn't make it very clear what she is trying to say. It seems as if she is only trying to create a world that is magical, but not realistic or believable. The book ends with a lot of "well, that's the end" and then a big "how to make a dream come true?" It's like she didn`t realize that there were people out there that liked fantasy books.   I found it frustrating that she was not even trying to make the magic realistic. I understand that she wanted a good story about magic, but I don't think that she understood that if she did, she wouldn't need to put so many words on the page explaining how the world works. It is very hard for me to believe how anyone could think that a person with only a sixth-grade education would understand the concepts of a book about a world where people can make their dreams come real.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________  I had a good time with this book. It's a quick read that does not drag on. It does contain some very good ideas and is a good introduction to the field of neurobiology. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about the brain and the workings of the mind.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I am a bit disappointed that I did not like this book. It's a pretty bad book and a good one. It takes place in a world with magic and demons and gods. It was pretty bad, but it was fun to read. The main characters were also interesting and I liked the little details they gave about them. However, I found it difficult to relate to them and the world they were in. They all seemed too cool and not real to me. Also, the world was a bit boring. I found the whole story a bit dull and boring. There was no real plot and just a lot of stuff happening in this book which I found boring. The characters weren't very interesting either.   I liked the art in the book and the way they described the world. It also made it easier to understand.   the book was well written but there was a few things about it that just felt off to me:   The demons were a bit too powerful. They made up a lot more of the characters than they should have. I didn't like how they did it. They had them create an army of demons. I just didn't feel that it was enough. I would have liked a few more demons than that.  , but that's my only negative review.  .
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was the book I'd been looking for, but I didn't know I needed it until I finished it.  I loved it. It's a fun and easy read that makes it feel like it's your own.  I love the author's writing style and I love the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was so horrible that I ended up deleting it and never looking at it again. I would not recommend this book to anyone. If you like the movie "Crimson Tide" this is a great movie, but not a good book.   The book is about a little boy and his friend who is being bullied by a group of kids because he is not tall. They bully him and he just keeps on being a big mean bully and they keep on bullying him and I can't even believe that they would bully him. They are just so mean and the boy has a great big big mean smile on his face and he has no empathy for the other kids who are bullied and they just keep on laughing and calling him names and stuff like that. This boy is a bully and he is just as mean as they are. He just wants to be the biggest bully that he can be. He is so mean to the others and he does not care at all that they call him names. This book is just full of nasty and mean characters. I could not even imagine reading something like this to my kids. I'm sorry but I was so disgusted by this book that I just wanted to throw it out of my window. I will not be buying any more of this crap.   a great story:   The only reason that I can even give this book a 4 is because it was a fun read. I really enjoyed reading this book. I have not read many books with a plot like this but I thought that it was actually pretty good. The plot is just a story of a boy who is just not happy with his height and wants to make sure that he gets the height that he really deserves. This is the only reason why I can give this a 4 because I thought it was pretty fun to read. The only problem that I have with this book is the ending. I honestly thought that the ending was really nice and I thought the ending of the book was great. The last chapter just sort of ended and I really was not sure what was going to happen next. The ending was just really confusing and it was really hard for me to figure out what was about to happen. I guess the only thing I can say is that the story was actually really good and it didn't seem like it was just a really mean story. I thought this book was a good story but I just couldn't enjoy reading it as much as I wanted to.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This is a wonderful book. I have never been a fan of science fiction, but this one is worth a read."   It was a fun read. I was also interested in the history behind the space race. I would have liked to have seen more about the various projects and their flaws. I think I would still read it, but not for the science.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I found the book to be a good read. The author does a good job of explaining the basic theory of how consciousness works. The book also contains a lot of practical applications. This book is definitely not a self help book.   However, there are many ways to make money from this book. For example, a person could go into a grocery store and talk to the clerks about what they sell. It is quite possible to sell things that you already own, but the price would be very low. In addition, if you talk to people who are interested in selling you things, you will be able to sell these things at a much higher price.   of this book was not the author's first. In fact, the author has been selling books on consciousness for quite some time. I really enjoyed reading the book. I also found the author to be very honest. The only thing that I did not like about this book is that it was too short. If you really want to learn how to sell consciousness, then this book should be at the top of your list.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ (not my fault) I loved this book! I love the story of an amazing mother and the family that she builds around her. I have never seen such a sweet, loving mother. She really loves her children and has a lot of fun with them. This book is an easy read and I will be looking forward to her next book. This is a good book, for all ages. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone. I give this book 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I am in the middle of rereading The Book Thief, the first in a new series. The books are well written, although the book is rather dull at first. There is a very strong story that builds up a number of interesting ideas, however. There are a couple of things that keep me from reading the rest of the series. First is that the author spends a good portion of the book writing about how the hero, a boy named Arthur, must learn to be an adult and deal with some of the consequences of the war, a war that many of his fellow citizens have lost a lot of family to. While this is true, the author never really makes this aspect of the story the focus. The second issue is that while there is a lot going on in this book, it is not very focused. There were several chapters that felt more like they were just there to get the characters to fight each other than to build the story. I was very frustrated by the lack of story development and action. The book ends after about 300 pages. I can't wait to see where this series goes. I think I will stick to the first book in the series, though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the second time that I have read a bad review for this book. The first was a long time ago when I was reading the "Penny Dreadful" series. I loved those books and I have bought them numerous times. I was looking forward to the second book, but this one was not worth the money. I didn't like it, not a bit. The author has written a story about a man who has had an obsession with a vampire. He has spent a lifetime trying to catch one. He's gone out of his way to kill one and has a plan to capture another. His obsession with the vampire takes over and makes him insane. He is very angry and becomes a monster. The main character in this book is very similar to the previous one, a vampire hunter. The difference is that this one is an ex vampire who has returned to kill another vampire who had become a vampire after killing a friend of his. The last book in the series, "The Haunting of Hill House", was good. This one was just awful. I won't buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book when I was in my late twenties, and I really enjoyed it.   But my main issue with this book is that the story is too long.  The story takes up about a third of the book, and it is a very long and very confusing story.  My main problem with this is the pacing.  I am a late bloomer, and this book takes me about four hours to read.  In the beginning I was very impressed, and the end was good, but by the middle, it was just too much to take in.  But if you like a good fantasy story, and you want to be in on the latest and greatest, then go for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very bad book. The book is about a very very young girl who falls in love with a very creepy man, and who falls for him in a very odd way. The girl is obsessed with the man and the man is obsessed about the girl. The ending is a bit abrupt, but the story is pretty good. I think the author is not good at writing, but at least she tried.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ When you start the book with a very positive tone, you can tell that you're going to enjoy it. But when the story turns, it gets a little too predictable. I got a very strong sense that the book was trying to make this a romantic story, but it felt a little forced. The romance feels very forced, which is a bit disappointing, because this could have been a really good book. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes to read stories about a woman who has an unusual skill set, but also loves being with the guys.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a complete rip-off of a real, old-school (i.e. pre-Internet) book called The Man Who Wasn't There: A Memoir.  The book is not well-written, and the book-jacket has some nasty grammatical mistakes and bad English that are hard to miss.   The author is a very talented writer, but this book is nothing but plagiarism.  If you want to read a real book about a real person, go read The Man who wasn't there.   This is the kind of book I usually like to buy at the library. It's very short, and it's a great read. However, it's just plain bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a good idea but it was just too long and too confusing. The book was very basic and just a very dry read. There is a lot of stuff in there that is just confusing and not really explained well enough. The only thing that I liked about it was the fact that they gave us some of the history of the first war and the events that led to the war. However, this was just one of those books that I would not recommend because it was way too long. I would like to have seen them just cut out a couple of the chapters because there were too many repetitions of the same story. Also, there was one section that I did not understand very well.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   ... This book was a waste of time. It was a very short, very easy to read book, and I really enjoyed it. The story and the writing are very simple, but it's very easy and fun to read. The only thing that I didn't enjoy was the beginning of the book when it describes the last two chapters, where there's just a few pages, and the ending is just another paragraph. I guess the author wanted to make the story shorter, but I think it is too short and too basic. It's a very quick read and the only reason I am giving this a 3.5 is because the ending made me cry and that is not something that I normally do. Overall, I gave it a 3/5 because it was good and not a waste.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was an un-read and un-enjoyed book.  I did not like it.    I can understand how someone with a background in psychology and other related fields could enjoy it, but it's just too preachy, and too focused on a specific point of view.  It's like the authors wanted you to take a class on how to do something, and then came out with a book that just says, "do it."   The only thing good about it is that it does give a list of things to avoid, and I'd advise you to do so.  If you are an introvert like me, this book would probably not be the best choice for you.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of the series, but I wasn't able to finish the first book. It took me over a month to get through it. So I'm still not totally sold on this book, but it's not the end of the world. I think this book is a better version of the original series than the first. The author does an excellent job in explaining how a lot of the characters are different than they were in the original. I feel that this is the main reason why I can't recommend this book to a lot people. I do really like the first series (even though I think the author did a good job explaining the characters and setting the series up for future books), but this is a bit too different for my taste. I have no real issue with the story (I just have no idea how the author can write this fast) and the characters seem to be the ones who will stay with me. I would recommend this series to a fan of books, and a fan that enjoys a good fantasy story.
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** It's not a bad novel by any means, but the author needs to realize he has made the character he is writing about the main protagonist, and that's a big mistake.The only thing that I liked about this book is that it took the characters seriously, and it did a good job at portraying the various personalities of the main characters. The main problem is that the characters are so shallow that they can barely have any character. At times it's hard to tell who is talking or what they are talking about, and at other times you can tell what's going on, but it doesn't matter because the characters aren't likable. The story is mostly about a character named Jack, who is a detective, and the other characters are just background characters that add little to the story. There are two interesting aspects to this book: 1) Jack is the only character that can actually see past the illusions of the world and can get to the heart of the problem; 2) Jack and his best friend have a pretty cool friendship that's been going on since they were kids.The other aspect of the book that I really liked was that it portrayed the effects of being in a prison environment on a person. The prison in this book seems like a pretty horrible place, but I liked the idea of it because it gave the characters a chance to experience a different sort of life. Unfortunately, this book does have a lot of problems:1) There's a lot that doesn't make sense and it's very hard to follow the story;2) There are a lot more character deaths than you'd expect;3) The author's descriptions are very short and doesn't give much back story;4) The writing style is choppy and doesn´t flow well;5) The plot is slow moving and not very exciting;6) It's hard for the reader to follow along;7) The story doesn't really progress;8) The characters seem to be one-dimensional;9) The main character is a little over-exaggerated and unrealistic. The book is definitely worth reading if you like good mysteries, but don't expect to learn anything about the world of prisons.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   The only thing I could say that could possibly be positive about this book is that it is entertaining. That may be a stretch for some but I find that if I'm reading something that I enjoy, I tend to like it.   In any event, this is a long book and if you like historical fiction, it is a must read. If you want a bit of a light read, read it without the historical setting. If, like me, you don't like historical settings, then you probably won't enjoy it either.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________________ I bought this book to read after I saw a review where a friend of mine said she couldn't get the book off the shelf. This was my first choice, so I went ahead and bought it, hoping it would be as good as she said it would. I was wrong, and it was. This book was full of so many things that were annoying, and made me want to throw it in the trash. First, I was not able to find a copy of the book in the store that I was going to buy, so they had to loan me a copy from a friend. So the book is actually two books: a physical copy, and a PDF. So, I bought the physical copy and then read the PDF. I got the feeling that I should have just bought the book. The cover was pretty, but the text was so bad I was actually embarrassed to read it. It was like a story written by a 15 year old. It wasn't funny, it was annoying, it just made me hate the book, which I don't think anyone should have to do, but it was the only way I could make myself read it (I don't know what I expected from it, but I don.t think I was expecting a good story). The bad part of it is that the story had a lot of plot holes, and there were so many errors, and I had to read through a bunch of them. I'm not sure why the author even bothered writing the book at all. I mean, what the hell? The writing is terrible, and the author doesn't seem to care, or even care enough to write a good book, or she had to change it so much to make the story she wanted to write, so it became a really bad story. I don' t think I will ever purchase this book again. It's a waste of money, and you're not going to like it either way. It just made a really big mess in my bookshelf.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ The book is bad! There are no redeeming qualities to the book. The book lacks any depth, any good ideas, and the author is simply a bad writer. She is clearly a good student, but that is not enough to make her writing good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's about how the book is just about how much you want to like it and how it's a good story and it's going to be worth it for the love it's getting. That's it. It's a bad story. I'm not sure what kind of person gives a bad review of a good book. But that's what this is. It could have been a good novel, but it's just not. It was written in a style that's so stiff and it doesn't work for me. It just feels like I have to keep rereading it because I keep losing interest in it. And it just gets worse and worse the more I read. The characters are so flat and it just doesn't get me to care. The prose is so slow and the story feels so shallow and like a bad dream that I have that I'm trying to wake up from. I really wanted to like this book, but I didn't. I felt like I had to reread it to see if it was a good one. I was really hoping that the author would get better with age and experience, but he hasn't. Maybe that's why I liked it so much when I first read it. But it's gotten worse over the years. The story doesn't really change that much. It gets boring and I can't get excited about it anymore. So I just gave up on it. I would have given it 4 stars if I didn`t have the feeling that I can only give it one star.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is a disaster, but it was the only way to get it out of my head. The story was so bad it almost made me want to read the other books that followed. The characters were the worst of the worst. It was very obvious they were all made up. If they were real, there would be some sense of realism. The author had so many ideas in this book but could never find a way to make them work. She kept using the same old plot, and I kept expecting a new twist.  It all comes out so badly that it was a real slog to finish it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a class. The professor had a problem with this book as a whole.  This book was very dull and boring.   I don't think I've ever read a book this dull.  I'm not saying that the author doesn't have a point here or anything, but it was so dull that it was hard to take it seriously.    I don`t really care for science fiction or fantasy.  My husband and I have been looking for something different to read for a long time.  This was not the book for us.  I don't have much of a problem finding good books.  But, I do have a problem reading a book that I don´t like.  One of the things that made me dislike this book was the author's constant use of the word "like" and the fact that she was talking about other things than the book she was reading.  The way she was using the word like was not fun at all.  It seemed that she wanted me to agree with her and her points, but she was not having any fun doing it.   The story, while not boring, was not exciting either.  While it was interesting to hear about what was going on, it was just boring.    As for the author, she does not write well.  She tries too hard to be funny.  And the ending was really confusing.  As far as the book was concerned, I could not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed this book.  It was a good way to spend a rainy afternoon with my kids, but I think it could have been a lot better.  "Sparks fly as I make the leap from a child's toy to a modern toy.   The plastic is durable, but the mechanism is clunky.  " "I have a son who loves to play with Lego, so I bought this set with him in mind.  It's really great to see the Lego version come out." "The plastic on this Lego is much better.  It doesn't look cheap.  The mechanism is a little flimsy, but that's the point." If you are looking for something fun for kids, look no further. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm really disappointed in this book.  My experience with the series is very positive, so I was expecting something special.    I was not.  The book has the potential to be very good.  I just have a hard time believing that it's the best book in the series.  It just seems like a waste of time.  There's a whole bunch of characters that don't do anything, so you can't connect with them at all.  Also, there's some really bad dialogue.  If you can get past the dialogue, you're in for a good read.  This book is the kind that I would like to read again but never will.  If you like the series:  If I had a dollar for every time someone said this book was the best one, I would have about a dollar to spend on the rest of the series, and that's just not enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** The story was great, the plot was interesting and the ending was not what I expected. *********** The characters were all very one dimensional and the story was just too slow to get to the end. ********************
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I really didn't like this book. The protagonist is very weak. The only character who actually gets anything done in this book is the "macho" guy who is "the leader" of the group. His personality is that of a "dumb bitch" or a "mascot." I didn't find this book very interesting at all, and I couldn't get past the first couple of chapters. I was expecting something more exciting than this. (view spoiler) I didn�t like the author's voice, either. It was very loud and obnoxious. I mean, he was a high school teacher in high school? Is that really what a high-school teacher should sound like? (view spoilers) Also, I felt like this was a book that was not worth reading. I guess it's possible that people who don't like "dumbing down" will enjoy it, but for me, I couldn�t get into this book at all. This is a book for teenagers, and if it's written for teenagers it needs to be written well. I can understand a highschool teacher having a good time, but I was not entertained in this novel. It just didn't feel like it was written for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- "A really interesting read, but it was a little hard to read." -- Michael W. I loved the first half of the book but I found it hard to follow in the second half because there were so many characters. There were a few things that I did understand, but I couldn't really understand what the main character was doing. I really liked the author's point of view so I'm not sure why I couldn?t really follow what he was saying. I found the ending a little disappointing but I think the book is interesting enough that it won't be a problem for many people.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I got this as a free gift from a friend and it took me about 4 months to finish it, which is pretty amazing for a book this long. The book was interesting at first but I couldn't get myself to continue to read it. This is the second book in a series. The first book was not very good and I'm not sure I'll be able to finish the book that follows it. I'll give the series a 4 because the story was interesting and I liked the characters, but the book was very slow and I was so busy with other things I couldn' help but put it down.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________ This is the only book I've read that doesn't make any sense.   I am not sure what I expected to get from this book. I got this book after my daughter said that she wanted to read it and that it would be nice to read one of her favorite authors. I have a few books that I really enjoy and read and am pretty sure that this is one of them. I was hoping to get something new from this author, and I was very disappointed. This book has the worst formatting I have ever seen and the book is filled with mistakes. The chapters are not linked together, and the words are all jumbled up and I'm not sure how many different books are in this book because the book doesn't clearly indicate what is in each book.   the book begins with a picture of a girl and her cat. The picture is super blurry and the cat is just standing there. The story starts with the girl asking her mom for a new book about cats because she has had one for years and the only one she likes is "Pete and the Pussycats".   After reading about a few cats and a cat named "Chippy" who was a cat that was kind of a snob but loved everyone, the girl starts talking about her new cat "Mooch" who is like a little kid. The girl loves Mooch and when she sees a cat walk by, Moochi goes running to it and starts licking it. MooCh and Moochie play together and the little girl tells Moocho she has to give him a bath. After the little boy gives Moochin a bath, Meech and Moomch go to play with a ball. Moomchi gets mad and hits Moochy with the ball, but Moomchy goes and gets the ball. After Moomcho hits Moomchu, Moomchie goes running over to his ball, and Mootch goes to Moochan. Mootchi gets upset at Moochu and he hits Mootchy. Muffie tries to get the ball back from Moomchan, but he says that Moochidn is going to keep Mooching. Munch says that he'll go to the cat house to get Moocha because Moocham isn't coming back.  -the cat house looks like a basement and the house is very dark-   The story then goes on to tell about
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book.  It was supposed to be a novel with the character's own voice and I really wanted to see that.  I am really disappointed in how poorly it turned out.   I was hoping that this book would have a different feel from the other novels.  It was kind of a weird mix between the first two books.  My favorite character (and I loved him in this book) was the man that is supposed to save the world and I'm glad I got to see his side of things.  The story about the evil guy with a gun was a bit too much and I just felt like it was an overused plot device.  While I liked the ending, I thought it was a little predictable.  This was the first book of the trilogy and I was so excited to see what was going to happen next.  Also, I was expecting more from the book than the first few chapters.  There was a lot of fighting and killing and I felt like I was seeing the same thing over and over again.  For the last half of the book I felt that the author was trying to put a different spin on the same old thing.  Overall rating:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a good book and you like the author's style, but you don't care for the plot, don't buy this book.  You can't even get past the first book, so don't waste your money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is boring and repetitive. I mean, really boring and boring. The premise of the book is: a boy finds out that he is a wizard. He decides to leave his mundane life and go to Hogwarts to learn more about magic. Then he ends up in an adventure and the book ends right after the last page with him going to the graveyard. The book is written by a child and is about 5-7 years old, so it doesn't hold a candle to Harry Potter. The story is a bit too predictable, it's just the same plot. I don't think this book will help you learn how to spell the word "glamour" or any other magical word you might find in a book.  5 out of 5 stars I really enjoyed this book. The characters are fun and the magic is well thought out. This book has a nice blend of magic and science. I would highly recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery.  for more info click here: www.katejordan.com
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have read this book before and it was so good I gave it 3 stars and I've been waiting for this one since I heard about it and finally got it! This is the first book that I have read about the War of 1812 and the people who fought in it. It has a good story to it and is very well written. I enjoyed it a lot.  4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The worst thing about this book was the author's apparent desire to be the next Martin, a writer who is a self-professed "reluctant genius". While Martin was an exceptional writer who worked hard to become a "master of genre fiction" and "one of the greatest writers in the English language" (which he is), he was also a notorious perfectionist. And his work was never really great, even as a young man. In fact, it often was just okay. His early novels (the original Star Wars trilogy, and The Hobbit) are very good and his later work (including the "A Song of Ice and Fire" series, the series of novels he's working on now, and the forthcoming "The Winds of Winter") are excellent. But he's a perfectionist, and I can't help but feel like he'd make a much better book writer than he is a writer. I understand that perfection is not a good thing to strive for, but it's certainly a requirement for any successful writer. It's also a requirement to make a living at it, which is one of the reasons Martin has been able to make such a steady living as a novelist. His books have made him very wealthy, but he doesn't seem to really be trying very hard. The author seems to think that having a successful career is the key to being a good writer, but I think it's much more about the process than the outcome. It's been a while since I've read a novel that I really enjoyed, but this one was a very good one. I enjoyed it. It was fun to read, it was interesting, it had good characters, it got me thinking. The book was a little slow to get going, but once it did it was great. It reminded me of the time I read the first "Star Trek" TV series, "The Next Generation", which I had loved as a kid. It also reminded me a bit of the original "Lord of the Rings", as well as the "Lord Of The Rings" trilogy.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've ever read.  The story, for me, is just so flat.  It has a very generic feel to it.  At the end of the day, I just don't like it.  I'm not a huge fan of sci fi, but this one just falls flat.  I will not be buying this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing special and is one of the worst I've ever read.  I have read a few books about  the Great Depression, and this one doesn't stand out one bit.  There are a lot of different ways to look at the Great depression, but this book seems to be arguing that it was caused by a massive speculative mania, or a global depression that wasn't caused by the Great Crash.  I find this to be a weak argument, as the entire book is focused on the idea that the crash and depression were caused by greed.  The entire book starts with the idea of the Crash, and then the entire story is about how greed was to blame.  One of the arguments they make is that people who lost their jobs in the Crash were more likely to be greedy than people who were still working.   This is what a good book should do:   It makes the reader think, and makes the argument for what is wrong with the economy.    It doesn't try to explain the crash or the depression.  It just makes the case that greed is the root of everything wrong in the economy, and we have to be better than that.  However, this book is too confusing for me.  My understanding of the Great Recession is that the government was too small and couldn't save the economy as fast as it should have.  This book argues that greed was the problem, and it argues that it isn't greed per se that is the problem.  They also say that the reason the Depression was so bad was that the Federal Reserve did not have enough control over the market.  These two arguments are contradictory.  In order to make a strong case against the Great Collapse, they have to argue that the market couldn't have recovered on its own.  If that's the case, how come the market is still up so much?   This isn't a very good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is about an English girl, and she decides to take a trip to India.  She has a rough time getting there and is very confused. ________________________________________  I wish I could give this book more than 1 star.    This book is a disaster from beginning to end.  At the start, the narrator gives the reader the impression that she is the only person who could tell the author what she needs to know.  There is no author at all.  It's as if she wrote the book on the fly without a real editor.  The story is about a girl and her mother.  When the daughter goes to India to visit her mother, things are not going as planned.  One of the main characters is having a hard time adjusting to the country.  She gets involved with a group of young men and is caught by her mother who is a very strict woman.  While the book does contain some good dialogue, it also contains many times when the dialogue makes no sense.  This is a shame because I am so sure that the story would have been better if the narrator would have said more about what she had to go through.  I guess the book has a lot of potential, but it is really hard to like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a nice story and I did get a lot of laughs out of it.  However, I would not recommend this book to a young child because the language is not appropriate for that age group.  It would be better to look up the book in a library and read it with an adult.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read and liked the first three books of this series, but the last one was a disappointment.  The writing style is very similar to the previous books, but this one lacked a certain something that I liked in the first two books.  It took me several days to get through this book and to finish it.  It had all the makings of a fun fantasy novel, but it just didn't seem to me to have enough.  The main characters were rather boring and I was unable to sympathize with the main character in any of the plot developments.  Overall, it was a good fantasy novel and I would recommend it to anyone that likes fantasy.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- **The End of the Tour** by William H. Gass is a terrible book. I would have given it a 4 star rating, but there is a major problem. The story itself is okay, but the way the author has written it is a total joke. It is like watching a movie with no dialogue, and the plot is almost non-existent. The book starts out promisingly with a woman named Sarah (my name was actually Sarah and I was in the audience for a friend's reading of this book) who is being escorted out of her house by her husband, Michael. They have a disagreement over the purchase of a home (the book has a lot of the same themes as The Hunger Games - in which a small group of teenagers are forced to compete against each other in a deadly game) and the way that her husband has handled her. They discuss how her husband is controlling her, not allowing her to leave the house, and how he seems to be ignoring her in favor of his work. They get into an argument, and I will say that the book did an excellent job of capturing the tension and excitement of these moments. But then it just falls apart. It takes an entire chapter for Sarah to finally realize what has happened to her. She goes home, cries, and starts writing a note to her husband that she hopes he'll be able to read. That is the last we see of her, and we are left with no explanation of how this woman suddenly finds herself alone, completely at the mercy of her husband. Then, she is gone. There is no note, no explanation, and a huge cliffhanger. So, we have this woman who has a huge amount of self-control and who decides to go home and take a walk. Then she comes back and is absolutely alone. The ending is totally off. There are no questions raised about the character of Sarah, and there is no indication that she might be able somehow to escape her husband's control. It leaves us with the feeling that she has been completely taken over. I was completely bored by the book. The characters are not interesting. The plot is just plain bad. And, the ending just left me confused. I feel like the author is either very arrogant, or very lazy. He could have just taken the idea of this idea and ran with it. Instead, he just took a horrible idea and made it even worse.   I could go on and on about how much I
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________   This is a fun book that has been used in a variety of ways. It's a great addition to your library.   The book is broken down into sections:   * Introduction  * Character Overview  ^ Background  -- Plot Summary  --- Characters   It's an enjoyable read. It provides a good amount of information and insight into the various characters of the story. It gives a brief description of the world as well.   of the characters.   and their motivations, and their background.   (This book is very dark. Don't read this book if you are a sucker for dark novels.)   I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in dark fiction.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't want to read this. I read the synopsis, the reviews, and went online and bought it. I didn't get it. It's like if you read the book, then looked at the movie and saw the movie was horrible. I wanted to tell you how awful it was. But when you read it, it's still a pretty bad book. But if you like the movie, then this is the book for you. There are some things in this book that make you angry, but they are very justified. And I'm going to tell ya, I hate to be like this but... I don't think this book is a bad read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was an interesting book, I found it very well researched and very interesting. However, the book was a bit too technical and I found myself wanting to go back to the previous chapter to find more information. I didn't like how it was so technical, but it was still interesting to read the book. Overall a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very impressed with the plot of this book. The book is very well written, very funny, and very interesting. However, it is the characters and how they are written that really bugs me. The main character is a little too bland, and the others are just a little dull. This book would have been a great book if the author had written a more interesting and different character.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read the first two books of this series and found them to be a complete waste of time. It was just so-so. Not bad, but not great. Not a bad read, but I did not enjoy it. I'm still looking forward to the next book in this series though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It was a very interesting read, and it did leave me wanting more of the story. I enjoyed it, but I feel like it is a very typical novel about the paranormal and the paranormal investigating. I think this novel would have been better if it was about an alien invasion or the coming of the Antichrist.  -Linda from Pennsylvania  I found the book to be an intriguing read. The author does a good job in writing about many interesting events that happened in her life, but there were a couple of things that I found to be a little questionable. The book describes events that occurred while she was in high school, which would make the reader wonder if her account was a few years out of date. I am hoping that the author will update the story with a newer account of events. Also, one thing that I did not like was the fact that the characters were so one dimensional. This was a novel about people who had a lot of problems, and the author did not give any real details of the life of the character. I thought it was a little disappointing to be honest. Overall, I think the book was good. .... more notes Notes are private! recommender none votes 4 # times read 1 owned purchase location condition format Paperback actions view (with text)  checkbox position cover title The Witch of Blood Falls author Wollheim, Patricia isbn 0540147331 isbn13 9780540147732 asin num pages 240 pp avg rating 4.22 num ratings 8,062 Apatt's rating it was amazing my rating 1 of 5 stars2 of 5 Stars3 of 5 Star4 of 5 star5 of 5 starred add to shelves review In the beginning, there was darkness.   There was darkness in the world. And there was nothing that could bring it back.   the end result of the dark is a witch, a girl named Alice who is trying to find the one person who can bring her darkness back. This book follows her journey through the world, with some good bits, some bad bits, and some parts that I really enjoyed.   The world in this book was very different from what I have read in a long time. In this book, it is described as a "world of darkness and magic". This is definitely a darker, darker book than I have been reading in a while.   (I am looking at you, the books of The Chronicles of N
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was so looking forward to reading this book, but it ended up being a disappointment. There are a few good points, such as a lot of discussion about the human condition and the consequences of bad decisions, but I just can't get into the characterizations.   The author seems to be putting too much effort into these characters, which in my opinion is a bit odd, but overall, I think I just couldn't get through it.  I give it a 3 out of 10 because I was looking forward a lot to this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had high hopes for this book. I'm really hoping that it will be the first book I read about this great religion.   Unfortunately, the book is terrible.  I can't tell you how many times I wanted to stop reading because I just couldn't get into the religious aspect.  The whole book seems to revolve around the idea of "The Lord is great."   That is the main reason for the book.  It's not the message, but the religion that is at stake.  A Christian cannot be good without the "Lord."  I'm not even a Christian.  If the religious portion of the book doesn't interest you, the rest of the books in the series will.  My only real positive thing about the book was that I learned that the book wasn't really about religion, it was about a person trying to understand his faith. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't like this book. I found it boring, repetitive, and boring. It's very hard to like a book that is just a book, especially if the book is about something that was done in the past. The author doesn't try to make the book interesting. The main character is not even interesting. I was just bored with the book. The book is basically about the man who is being blackmailed by his former wife. The wife wants to get back with him. The guy just refuses to get involved. He says he just doesn't care about her anymore and that she is just jealous because she had a lot of fun with him when they were together. I don't know why the author didn't try writing something interesting about the wife and the blackmailing guy. The story seems to be about the author and his ex-wife but it doesn't really tell anything about either of them. I felt like the book was a rehashing of the story from the previous book and nothing more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a way that I found a little repetitive.  This is not the fault of the author, it's just a thing I noticed.  I have been a fan of the Dresden Files since I started reading the series in 2000.  I've been reading this series every Friday and Saturday for almost 10 years.  This is a well-written and enjoyable book.  It was a pleasant surprise to read this book because I had not been aware that there was a second book in the series.   I liked it very much and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good urban fantasy.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I really liked this book. I loved the plot. I felt like the characters had a little bit more development and they actually had a plan for their goals. The setting is a little off but I like that this book is about an adult and the characters are not children. The romance is not too bad and it was nice to read about a couple that actually get together and live happily ever after. The problem I had was that it seemed like there was no real reason to keep reading. I know that is a criticism that can come with any book but there were just so many pages that I didn't care about the story. I would give this book a 4/5 but I will have to wait to get my hands on a second one to see if this will get better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The ending was a bit disappointing.  I'm not sure how they're going to do it in the next book.  My rating:   5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ ______________ ____________ This book is one of those books that makes me angry and depressed. I am an artist and I have a good amount of time on my hands. I have also had a lot of success and I've had a long and successful career in the publishing world. My life has been good but my work has suffered. I had just finished a new series for Marvel and I am very happy with it but the cover of this book made me hate it. The artist has clearly made this book with a few very large breasts and the cover made it clear that they were the only thing going on. I was also upset that the book was full of references to porn. I know this is a comic book but there's just no way to make a comic that has references to pornography. There were also a lot references to other porn. The first time I saw the cover I thought it was a joke but I thought to myself I'm going to buy this book just to be done with it. I didn't even read the book before I paid $4.99 for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is one of those books that I never thought I'd like. But after reading it I found it fascinating and thought it would be a great book to read with my group. The plot is interesting and the writing is very interesting. The book is also funny and you will laugh out loud a lot. The only problem I have with the book is that the characters are all a little too one-dimensional and that they don't seem very realistic. The main character in this book is an introvert and his best friend is an extrovert. The extroverts think that the introvert is weird and are constantly trying to get him to join in on the fun. And the introverts are always the butt of the jokes. The other characters in this story are the extroverted boy's mom, a quiet girl who is just trying to keep up with the boys, a weird girl who lives with a friend, a gay boy who is gay but is a little closeted, a black boy who loves music and loves to party, and the quiet guy who is the president of the class. So there is a lot of stereotypical characters and this book was not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the first books I read when I started reading science fiction. I loved it at first, but then, I got sick of the author's writing style. The book started off ok, with some good science fiction, and I was looking forward to reading the next book in the series. Then, I started getting frustrated with the author for the poor writing. I think it was because of the plotline. The characters are so poorly developed that they become boring very fast. I feel like it was a poorly written book that was just published in 2012, because the plot isn't interesting at all, and doesn't have much to do with the original book. I also found it boring because I never felt the author did anything with the book other than throw in some ideas for a book. 3.5 stars:   It's a good book, but it's just a little too short to be good.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________  This book is awful. It's bad because it tries to be clever, but in the end it falls flat on its face. The author makes it sound like a real-life fairy tale, but it's not. The main character, Emily, is a naive young woman with a gift that's both good and bad. It turns out to be her mother's, a curse that prevents Emily from having a normal childhood. So what happens when Emily turns 13? She finds out she's pregnant, but then she has a mental breakdown because she doesn't want to tell anyone about it. The whole thing was so bad I found myself laughing out loud.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  If you like it, buy it. If you don't like it buy it anyways.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   I got the first book in the series, and loved it. I had the second book in this series and was disappointed in it. Not as much fun. I think it is just not up to par for the series. The first book is fun and I loved it for a reason. It takes place after the events of the second, and I would love to have seen more of the characters that got involved with the events after the second.   This book has a lot of action. I enjoyed the first two books a lot. The characters and plot are all interesting. I would like to see a few more books in the same universe.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just plain boring.  I really didn't get the appeal of the book.  It was so dry that I had to stop reading because it was too much to take in.  But that's just my opinion.  Overall, this book was really just a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character is a really boring person who doesn't seem to have any friends, and I can't stand that.  I found it difficult to care about this character at all. _________________________________ "The world is going to hell and you're in the middle of it, the only person who's trying to save it is a fat, old, balding white man who's been around since before anyone could say 'fucking' and whose main job is to watch the world burn."  Wow.    The world is about to be burned to the ground by some random, fat, white guy who's only purpose in life is to be in the world and watch the fucking world burn.  This book is a piece of shit and I would not recommend it to anyone.  I have no idea what to say.  How does a book this bad get an award?  How do they know?   I feel like I'm getting ripped off here.  The only reason I gave this book a 3/5 is because I'm kind of hoping that if they're going to be awarded for the book, they will be awarded on the merit of the story, rather than for the actual book itself.  I'm not sure how that works.  My only other complaint is that the book doesn't really have a ending.  For all intents and purposes, it's over when the author writes the last line: "I'm not really sure if it's all that bad."  But the worst thing is that this book is only about 90 pages long.  It's the same kind of story that's been out for over a year and it's still terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- The title of this book is so wrong. It is about a kid who just wants to go to school but he finds out he has a condition which makes him go to the hospital. The author is not very good and doesn't even try to explain what a kid with a condition like this would do when he gets to school. He doesn't do a good job at writing the story either, as he doesn't follow up on what the main character does during school, and he makes it sound like a boring life. --------------- I was excited to get this book because it was one of the few books that I've read that actually taught me something. The main character was really interesting. It was really funny reading the book, and I loved how the author showed the characters growing as they went through the book. I have a son who is 9 so I think this book could have really helped him. The only thing I don't like about this book was the way it ended. I would have liked to see how he got back home.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________  The book is full of the same old same old. And it is boring. The author spends way too much time discussing the differences between "traditional" and "alternative" religions. This is fine for an introductory text, but it is completely irrelevant to my main complaint with the book. The main problem with the author's presentation is the way she presents religion as an objective fact. She constantly brings up the "good" and the "bad" of religion and tries to present both sides in as objective a way as possible. This leads to the kind of argument that is like a politician trying to persuade his audience with sound bites and talking points. It is not only bad for the reader to hear about all the good that is in religion, but for the writer to present such a viewpoint. She claims to have read all the books on the subject, yet I can tell she hasn't really read a single book on the topic. Her argument that religion is not "natural" is pretty weak, as if it is the fact that the religion is "natural that makes it good" rather than the fact of the fact. The fact that many people believe in supernatural forces is no reason to assume that those forces are benevolent. It makes no sense to say that "God" is a good force if you also think that his love is only so-so. If religion is good, then why does it make so many people unhappy? If religion makes people happy, why don't we have more religious people in our world? If we can have a religion without people being unhappy, then we can surely have a world without people having to be unhappy. I am not saying that religion cannot be good; I am saying that the way religion is presented is the worst possible way to present it. I know that this is an opinionated review, but I am pretty sure that many of my readers would like to read something other than this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are all pretty interesting but it's all very formulaic.  One character is a vampire, the other is a werewolf, the same goes for most of the main characters.    I didn't really care much for the vampires or the werewolves, but I didn t care about the other characters very much.  Overall, I liked this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had never read any of these before, and I am so glad I did! This book is fantastic and so fun to read! Best Book Ever:   Oh boy, the best book ever!! 5.2/5 stars The Story:    The book starts out with the characters meeting, and they're all friends.  They get on well, and when the book goes on for awhile they're talking about school, and the future.  The Plot:  In this book, all the characters are about 14, and all of them are about the same age.  In a lot of these books, the main characters are very close in age. This book, however, the age difference is more than an hour.    What Makes This Book So Good:  If you love high school, this is a great book!   It's hilarious, and it's a fun read.  It has a lot more in the way of plot to it than most high school books.    I really liked that the author used a lot older characters in the story.  You won't see the same people from book to book, and this really added to the book.  I thought the book had a lot to say about what high school is all about.  The main character is actually a great teacher, and he doesn't like to be called "that teacher".   He's got his own ideas about what a good teacher should be, and that's what I liked about him.  Overall, the story was good, but it was just too short.  This was definitely the best story that I've read so far.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I'm not sure why I gave this one a four. I was going to give it a two but the pacing is horrible and the writing is a bit strange, to say the least. It was like I was reading a diary in a very bad way. I really wanted to like this book, but it really just isn't for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. That's just the way I feel about this book. It is so filled with so many misconceptions that it's actually pretty funny. It's about an older man, David, who works as a driver and a delivery boy at the same time, in an old abandoned building on a corner of a city. One day, the old building gets destroyed, and it's up to David to get the food and keep his job and make sure his boss doesn't get angry and fire him. What a mess. David is always trying to prove himself to his boss, who is a real ass. The story gets really cheesy at points. David has no friends. His boss is the most unhelpful guy you've ever met. There's even a couple of times where I thought the book was going to end. This book is full of bad writing, bad characterizations, bad characterization, bad story, and most of all, bad advice. If you don't want to be a lazy, self-entitled, complacent person who doesn't work hard to make a living and who expects everyone else to work hard for them, then I'm sorry, but I can't recommend this book for you. I know the author had good intentions, but she missed the mark by a long shot. I don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________________ It's so hard to give a good review of a book, but it is what it is. This book has nothing good to say about it. The story was boring as f*ck, the characters were all so stupid, and the plot was so lame. This is a book about a little girl and a giant green creature. The plot was a train wreck, the book itself was a total bore, and it was hard to read. It was just boring and uneventful. ______________________________________________________________ Read an unfavorable review about this book: The characters are stupid, the plot is lame, the world building was a little weak, and there's no point to this book. ______________________________ Give it a try if you're a fan of this genre. If you don't like it, you're not getting what you're paying for. ______________________________________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  My only real complaint about this book is the author's tendency to use the word "candy".  That's a word I hate.  I have found that when I want to describe something as "cinnamon" or "sugar" or whatever, I use "creme".  What I do like about this novel:  I liked the characters.  A lot of the humor is just a joke that doesn't really have any real meaning, but is funny just because.   The romance is pretty cute, but I can't help but wonder how many of those "couples" really "like each other" all that much.  The author does seem to have a pretty good grasp on the basics of writing.  It's obvious that she's been reading romance books since she was in junior high.  She knows what makes a romance story interesting.  This is the first romance novel that I can say is truly fun to read.  There are a lot of funny scenes, a lot more character development, and even some good humor.  My only complaint is that there aren't any action scenes in this book, but then again, the plot was already pretty entertaining.  If you are a fan of romances, I would recommend this book to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A good book can make a bad author good. - Robert A Heinlein
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an excellent example of the genre. However, the author did not really get the point of the book. He made no sense of the plot. He could have done so much better. The story of the protagonist and her husband was well done. But, it is the fact that he was unable to understand his own wife that made the book a disappointment. It is possible that this was not the intention of the author but it is still a pity that this is how the story was told. The author could have written a better book and I would recommend it to those who enjoy the genre, though, it probably won't make much difference to the reader who is not an expert in the field.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very excited about this book. I've never been one to read the same book twice, but I've been dying to read this one. I found the book to be well written. The story has an interesting feel to it, which I like. I just don't understand why this is rated M. This book is written very well and the plot is solid. I only gave it a three because of how long it is. There's a lot going on and it takes a long time to get to the good stuff. There are a couple of characters who don't seem to know how to be friends and I found it very confusing. Also, I wish there was more info on the book and the people who are related to the characters. This is definitely a story for fans of horror.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The "real" and "truth" about this book is that I have no idea how this book could have been written by an expert. I mean, it's pretty clear that this book was written by someone who has absolutely no expertise in writing science fiction, no matter how many books she has written about science fiction. It's very obvious that she has no idea what science fiction is about, or even if it is fiction. The fact that she feels so strongly about it means that the book is actually just an excuse for her to make up her own world. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail about the science in this book because that's not really the point, but the main thrust of the book has nothing to do with science or science fiction - and the main reason is that it's really badly written. There's a lot in this "book" that just isn't true - like how her book is called "The Universe is Flat" - which has a lot to do, not just with this book, but with her entire life. (And, if this is the case, why didn't she write a book about the Flat Earth that she knows so much about?) There's also the fact that the whole book is just a series of really bad jokes and stories that don't add up. The book ends up being a series about her getting into a fight with her step-father, and that's about it. She's the kind of writer who feels the need to write a story that she can't possibly make up on her own - even though she is one of the best writers in the world, and it's obvious that the story she wrote is based on nothing. This book is a terrible waste of a lot time. 4.5 Stars (out of 4) If you enjoy reading bad science fiction and don't like it when the book goes off into nonsense, you'll probably enjoy this book. It also has an interesting premise.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "It's really bad, but I still got through it. I don't know what the author's problem was with the book, but it's just a really bad book." --Carmine "Not bad at all, but not the best either. Not that this book isn't worth reading, it just is." --Paul "I think the author is doing what he can to try and tell the story, but that's just not enough. I wish he would have written a little better, but at least he tried." --Kurt "I didn't enjoy it, but if you like a good mystery, then you'll enjoy this one." --Mick "It was ok, but nothing I'd buy." --Nathan "I was not disappointed, but still not the book I was hoping for." --James "I liked the mystery part of the book. It was fun and interesting to read, but the last two chapters made me feel a little cheated." --Eli  Mystery is an intriguing genre to write about, and it's easy to be seduced by the promise of an intriguing plot and exciting mystery. If you can pull it off, a good book can be a hit with the readers. Unfortunately, when you get right down to it, a bad mystery often comes off as a terrible story. Here are ten reasons why you should avoid writing a bad novel that follows a good one:  10. It's hard to tell a good story without bad characters.  When you write a bad plot and a bad character, you have no way to tell the reader anything about them. In fact, the only way to get a good feeling about them is to get rid of them. The reader is left to guess at the motivations and motives of these characters, and that can only lead to disappointment. You should write a good plot, then leave it up to the reader to come up with reasons for the bad behavior of these bad characters (and why they should be changed). The reader can then make up his or her own mind.  of the plot. In addition, if you write the character poorly, the reader will be put off by the character, too. That's why the hero must be the hero. (See: Good plot.)  Of course, good characters are nothing without a good and compelling plot. But if the bad characters are too obvious, and if the reader is led to believe that the bad people are
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a big fan of a good thriller and this one was just a waste of time. I am not a huge fan of this author but I have to give it a try because of the ratings. I bought it to get away from the book series but it was a total waste of money. I don't even know why I bought this book because it was very hard to get into. It is very hard for me to read a book where the author is so obviously self-centered. The author was so good at getting to the point and was able to make the reader sympathize with the main character in a way that I found so annoying. The last 20 pages were so annoying that I literally threw the book across the room. It was very annoying.   The only positive thing I can say about this book is that it has a couple good endings. I do not think I would have bought it if it did not have a good ending.   is a really hard book to rate because I don\'t think I could get into this book. It seems to be about a guy who is going through a divorce and is going to take his wife\'s life savings to buy a new car. He can\'t get the car because of a bad credit score so he starts selling things off the bookshelf that he finds lying around the house. The bad guy in this book was the one who wanted the money and he was the bad guy who was trying to steal his money. It seemed like this guy is always trying to find a way to screw over the good guys in the story. The ending felt forced and forced ending is always a big negative for me because it feels like it is trying to make you think that it is a happy ending because it is.   of course the bad guys were just like the rest of the book. I think the author should have taken out the bad ones from the original book so the readers can be as confused as I was. The good guys were all just so likeable that it was hard to care about them when they were so horrible.   to top it off the book was written in an old school romance style and the romance is the only reason I could ever read it.   a lot of the bad writing was because the author was just trying to write a romance. I found the book to be very predictable. The writing is so cheesy and predictable that it became boring very fast.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ (fill in the blank) I'm going to start off by saying this book is really good. It's a great read. I like that it doesn't try to be complex, which is what so many mystery/thriller books do. It takes a lot of time to unravel the mystery and it does it well. The ending was a little rushed, but not by much. It was a very satisfying ending, even if it did leave me wanting more. The plot is interesting, I really liked the way it was handled. But the characters felt very wooden, and didn't really have much development. I'm not really a fan of "villains", I really just wanted to know who was the bad guy, and who was innocent. So far, I have a hard time believing that the "villain" is actually a "villian". Overall, it was a great book and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who likes good mystery/suspense/thrillers.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ I bought this book because it sounded interesting, but it turned out to be terrible. It was extremely difficult to get through it, and the writing was extremely poor. The main character is the narrator's best friend, and she is the main source of information for the narrator, because she is a teenager. I am a teenager, and this book was not interesting to me at all. I think it was a poorly written book. It has a boring main character who never really learns anything, but then she has the main character be her best friend. I'm a fan of horror, but I don't want to read books where the main characters are the main reason for the book's existence. The narrator seems to want to be friends with the main girl. It just doesn't make sense to me. I hope the author does a sequel to this book, because I would give anything to get back to the beginning of the book and watch the main girls play on the playground. _______________________________ (I have read and reviewed many horror novels in the past, but this one really got me, in the same way that books about vampires, werewolves, and ghosts always get me.)  I read a lot of scary books. This one was very bad. The writer wanted me to like him, but he just was not able to pull it off. I would not recommend this book to anyone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have been meaning to read this for a long time. It's an interesting idea but unfortunately it's written in the same style as most of the 'dark fantasy' that I have read in the last decade or so. It is a pretty story but doesn't have enough of a plot or characters to be engaging. It also has some pretty bad language.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to this book, and it definitely came with promise. The plot is good, and the plot-twist at the end of the book is a great twist. However, the writing itself is not as good as I thought it would be. It's a lot like when I started reading the Hunger Games, I thought the characters were cool, but after I got through the first few chapters, I found that it was just me and the book, which is not a good experience. The only reason I'm giving this book 3 stars is because I'm really interested in reading the sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I liked this book but it was too long. It is a good idea for a horror book but there are way too many stories to catch up with. The last third of the book is a lot of action and suspense and the last three pages were really boring. I liked it at the beginning but after that the pacing was too slow.    2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last 10 pages of the book are a lot of 'this is a good book, but I would not recommend it'. The last 10 of the next book is the book that I'm most interested in reading.  So if you're on the fence about this book, I'd wait until the last 10 or so pages to decide.  Rating: 3/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a really bad book, I really dislike it, there are very bad things about it and I really think that this is an author who is on his last legs.  The book is bad and I think that the author really should stop, I am really angry about this book.  I will give this one two stars because I like the book a lot, I liked the characters, I like that it is set in an alternate universe but the main problem I have with this book is the bad writing, the writing is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so disappointed with this book. I've read a lot of bad books in my time, but this one just completely sucks.  The book begins with the protagonist, Tanya, going to visit a family friend who has a son who is autistic. Tanya is surprised to learn that her friend's son is autistic, but after hearing her friend talk about her son, she starts to have a feeling that this son could be autistic as well. The next day, the protagonist has a dream about her friend that tells her that she is the only one who can cure the autistic son of his disorder. The protagonist goes to visit the family friend and tells her about the dream. The mother tells Tanya that her son's illness is contagious, but Tanya doesn't believe her. Tired of arguing with her mother, Tanyah goes to the doctor to test her theory. The doctor tests the son, and the son's disorder is diagnosed as autism. The son is sent to a specialized school for children with autism. Tanyahs mother is very upset by the doctor's diagnosis and believes that Tanya did something wrong by being a friend of Tanya's son. The mom believes that if Tanya were a better friend of her son it would have helped the boy a lot, and she blames her daughter for having a relationship with her son. TANYAH and TANYAGET go to the parents of the autistic boy to ask them why they are against her having a romantic relationship with him. The parents say that TANYA would never be able to love a child with autism and that they don't want her to spend any more time with her friend. Taryah then asks her mother about what her brother is like and the mother tells her to leave her son with her because he is autistic and doesn't know what's happening. TARYAGET and Tanyaa go to visit Tanya and ask her to talk to her son about what is going on. TANYA tells TANYAAA that she thinks her son could have autism, but she's afraid of what her friend will do to him if she knows the truth. Tannyaa and Tanya decide to tell the parents the truth and they say that the son is actually autistic. Then TANYAA says that she was wrong and she will never go to her friend anymore. She tells Tanyaget to tell her friend what is happening. The parent tells Tannya that she will no
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has everything that is wrong with the genre. There's no plot, no character development, no story, nothing. Just a bunch of people who get their lives disrupted by a "big" supernatural entity, who is described as having the face of an old lady and a voice like a banshee. I couldn't tell you what the fuck that meant in the slightest. There was no plot. The characters just happened to get together in the middle of nowhere. It's like the author was trying to be clever, but couldn't think of a single thing to say, so he just started talking about "big things." The author just seems to be saying that he was watching this show and decided to write about it. There were no "villains" or "heroes" that had to be "rescued." No plot, nothing interesting. I'm not sure how the author thought this was going to work. He was talking about big things that happened, and the book just kind of jumps right into the action, not really showing us any of the backstory to get into what is going on. I really thought that this was just going to be a long book of talking about this show that we don't even know about. It was more like the book was just sitting in a drawer and he was going, "Let me see, I can write about this. Let me see what I can do about it." It just didn't work at all. If you're going to talk about a show you've never seen, at least have a good idea of what's going on or at least explain what's actually going on in the show. I have no idea what the hell was going on with this book. The only thing I could tell you is that it had nothing to do with the show at all, but I have a feeling that it would have been more interesting if it had just been about what was happening on the show itself.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last chapter was completely useless, and the last 5-6 pages was completely unnecessary.  It made the story pointless, as the characters were going to be going to Hell anyway.  The author does not give us enough information about the characters and their actions.   The character of the devil was supposed to be interesting, but there were so many questions that they didn't get answers at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a great read. I had a very bad case of writer's block and this was the book that got me through. The story was so good I read it twice.  I would like to see a sequel though, since the first one was so much fun. "The End is Always Near" My review:  This is the sequel to "The End Is Always Near", which I have not read but read about on other websites. This one is set in the early 1980's, so it follows a young girl, Kaye, and her family. She is going to school in California and her friend, Katie, is her best friend.  The story is very interesting and there are some great moments.  This is a good book and it's the first book that I have read in a while that I haven't been able to put down. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a nice book but I did find that the characters were so very generic.   They all seemed to be just like the other people in the story they were following and they didn't really have a reason for existing or any kind of personality other than "they're the only ones I can trust".   This book has a lot of potential but it's really very flat and boring. I will probably not be picking this book up again and I would recommend anyone else not to waste their time on it.   the other reviews I read on Goodreads for this book were all really positive. I had high hopes for this novel and I was really looking forward to it. I was also looking forward for the sequel. I really like the world the author created. I found the characters to be very intriguing. However, I felt that they were all very generic and the characters just seemed to come out of the same mold. They had no real personality or real reasons for being there. They all felt like a group of friends who happened to be stuck together.   I do have to say though that I liked that the author kept trying to make them feel more than just a group. They do seem to be friends, but they also seem to feel a lot more than a group and I found it very interesting to see the relationships that develop between them.   a very very nice book. It's a fun read. However I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so disappointed to find out that this book was a hoax. I bought this book based on the description that it was a "must have" for any "science buff."  My experience with this book (and my skepticism of all things pseudoscientific) was a complete disappointment. I don't know how anyone could possibly enjoy reading about this book. The writing style is horrible, the prose is extremely convoluted and it's clear that the author has little or no experience in science.  The book has nothing to do with science and it shows in the way it presents the information.      I had to read the book twice just to make sure that the authors were making sense and not simply writing about their experiences.  I highly doubt that anyone would buy this book and I can't imagine how this book is supposed to be taken seriously.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- It was one of the most boring books I've ever read. I've read many good books, but I've never read a book this boring. There were no interesting things happening, no plot twists, no interesting characters. It was just so boring, so boring. It felt like every chapter was the same thing. The characters are really bland. There is no growth or character development. They are all the same, there is no development of their personality and it's so boring to read about them. The writing is so bad that it's hard to read it. There was no dialogue, just long sentences of text. I hate to say this, but it was really boring and I really don't like it. -------------------------- I have not read a more boring book than this. I am so sick of reading about the same characters that I think the author's trying to tell me something but I don't want to listen to him because it's boring. I hope he doesn't come up with something good. I don the book is in the trash, I am just going to throw it in the waste bin and never buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a well-written book about a very difficult person, who has had a difficult life, but has made it through it. She had a bad relationship with her father, a drunkard and a womanizer. She was always the victim of it, but it wasn't always her fault. She is very bright, very driven, very talented, and always was a bit self-centered. She has a very interesting and strong personality. She does not like to be talked down to. She's strong-willed and very self-assured. She takes things as they come. She likes to fight and make people take notice of her. It's a great character, and the author does a great job of making you understand why she is the way she is. The ending is a little weak, but I'm not sure that was intentional. The story could have been much more effective if it had focused on the problems with her childhood, which are very interesting. I like her, and would recommend it to anyone who likes a good character study.   The ending is weak, I guess because the author was struggling with the idea of ending it on such a dark note. I think it would have been better if she had had a better ending, but that's just my opinion. I'm also disappointed in how the story ended. It could have had more meaning.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to be honest here and say that I'm not a huge fan of the series. This is not necessarily a bad thing though, as this is the third book of a very good series. It is a story about a group of students who go into the woods to hunt the creature known as the Nighthawk. The Nighthawks, who have been attacking humans in the woods, have been making themselves at home in the area. As I mentioned, they have been having attacks, and have even killed a couple people. The students of the group have a plan to find the Nthawk, and they decide to go into one of the woods in search of it. This book is great, and it is one of my favorites from this series. I just wish it was longer. It would be great if it had more of the "The Walking Dead" feel, as the characters were all likable, and I loved the "I'm not sure what happened to that one" moment.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________   The first half of the book has lots of good action and action-oriented plots. The second half of this book is about the characters and their growth, the growth that the author put in to make the book believable.   I have read two of the four previous books by the author, but I have never liked the second half. I've had the book for about a week now and I can tell that the second part is the same, but worse. I do have to say that the first part of this was very interesting. It seemed as though the author was trying to write a book about two children growing up in a bad neighborhood, which is not easy, and it seems as though he was trying too hard to do this, and I thought the first half was a little more believable. However, the second portion of the second book has nothing going on. It seems as if the author is trying to create the same atmosphere as the first book, but his style of writing is completely different. It's very dull.  .   with the first chapter I thought this was going to be a good book, which I am glad I thought that, but after the first three chapters I thought it was going down hill. The first three paragraphs of the first paragraph were:  In a time when the world seemed to be falling apart, this small town in Wisconsin was a refuge for the lost and the desperate. But a dark shadow was hanging over the town, a shadow that seemed to grow in the shadows of the people. And the people did not know who it was, or what it wanted, but one night, it attacked. It was the beginning of the end.     There are no real events happening in this book, it's just a description of the town. I think the author just wanted to tell a good story, but then his style completely changed. The only thing I can say about the writing style is that the words seem to stick together more, like a jelly, then it seems to fall apart and it becomes a mess. I have to admit I wasn't really reading the words that were being said. It felt like a description.  , but once the words start to stick to each other, they seem to flow better. It just makes sense that the more words you use the better your writing. I found that this is the case here, but it just doesn't work.   The story about the boy that has his
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The main problem I had with this book was the writing style of the book. There were many times I found myself wanting to put the book down because of the writing. The sentences were also very convoluted and I often found myself having to check my notes to see if I got it right. The story was also a bit too confusing at times. There are many times when I couldn't understand the point of a scene and it became confusing. Also the story of the main character, Maxine, is just a mess. It felt as if she was trying to write a love story and that didn't work for me. I am not sure if it is the author's fault, or if I was just not into the story at all, but it was a disappointing read. It could have been a great read, but the way the story was written didn't make it feel that way. I will give the author credit though, she does a good job at keeping the story engaging and making it seem as though it is moving along smoothly. I have a lot of love for books that make me think and this book certainly had me thinking. I also did enjoy the characters and their interactions. I really enjoyed how the author made me feel like I was there with them and their emotions. Overall, it was an enjoyable read. I would recommend this book if you are looking for a story that is very interesting, a story about people that are not necessarily good, or a story with a unique and well written plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book as a 7/10. I like this book and I'm glad it was published. I would have liked a little more information in the beginning, as it doesn't seem like this guy has any real background in the matter. The author makes some good points, but he doesn't get very far into them. If you are interested in the subject, read on. If not, this book will probably be your last.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________  I am disappointed in this book. I have read the book before and loved it. It was an excellent book for a great teacher. I am disappointed that I did not get to read it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a poorly written book. There were a few errors (I made several) but the bulk of the problem was the story and the characters. I did not like either one of them at all, and was really annoyed at how poorly they were developed. The protagonist (Sue) is a really terrible character. I really dislike how her personality changes and her motivation changes over the course of the book. It's so inconsistent and annoying. Also, Sue is a complete wimp. At one point in the book, she even has to run away from her parents because she's too afraid to be alone with a boy, and then she's like "yeah, I'm just going to be a bad girl." I think Sue was supposed to be more intelligent, but she was written so poorly. I didn't like Sue at all. She was just a character who was created to make the book sound better. 4.5 stars:   Well written and well written. I loved the characters, the story, the atmosphere. This book really made me want to read more books like this. Recommend this book: Yes
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot of this book is good. I enjoyed reading it, but I did have some problems with the writing. First off, I have a hard time with a book with a female main character.  I think that the fact that she is female should make the book better.    But the book is still a good book.  The problem is that the female main characters tend to be weak, and I think the book's female main should have been strong.  I am not going to lie, the book does not have the most compelling main character, but the story is good and I don't think it is a bad story.  It does not go into the depths of the human mind and soul that I have read about in other books.  But for the purpose of this review I will say that I was not drawn in by the characters.  And I did not like the story. The Good:   I liked the idea of the story, it was something new.  Also the author did not have to write so many boring, pointless and irrelevant characters.    Overall this book was a good read, it wasn't as good as I had hoped but it was still a decent read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to make the reader believe that his ideas are backed by science, when in fact he's trying to persuade you to be the one who believes in his ideas.  I could see the appeal in his idea that the more we learn about ourselves, the more like the people we really are, and that we'd be better off if we could be as honest as possible with ourselves.  He's the only one who seems to realize that, which makes his writing a little frustrating.  It's one thing to write a book about how to deal with depression, or how to become a better person, but when you try to use that to make your own case, you end up making it less about depression and more about you.  I don't understand how he can convince himself that his depression is real, but then, why bother explaining it to anyone else?  What's the point of explaining it?  It doesn't matter if his depression isn't real.   I can't stand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   This is a book that should have been called The Worst Book Ever written. This is not a good book. It's not a bad one either, but I just couldn't understand how anyone could waste this many hours of my life on this book. I know this is the third or fourth book I've read, and I've been through a few of these, but this one has always been the one I'm least happy about reading.   It was so bad that when I heard that it was the last one in the series I was immediately intrigued. It seems that when it comes to fantasy, people like the story. People like to think that the world is interesting. I guess the problem is that they're not usually right. This book is just awful. I mean, the worst. I don't know what I was expecting. Maybe a bit of a fantasy thing. Maybe that I could actually relate to the characters. But it's just so bad. And so stupid. And it's so bad I can't even begin to get into it. I just don't get it.   the story is pretty basic. The main character is a nobleman. His daughter is a princess. They're married. They have a son. Then the kid is killed and they have to go on a quest to get revenge. And I don`t know how the heck the kid could die. I never would have imagined a story that involved death being good. But there it is. The story of the quest is interesting though, and the characters are likable. But the rest of the book is horrible. The author is so bad at writing that I'm not even sure if it's supposed to be a fantasy story or not. The language is so ugly and the story so bad it's hard to know what's even going on. I can`t imagine anyone reading this book and actually enjoying it. It`s just awful, bad, bad.   "I was sure I'd seen the future of our world, and that it would come to an end. And yet...it hadn't."   I didn't know anything about the character before this book, but it just wasn't interesting enough for me. There was nothing to invest in. The only thing that kept me reading was that the girl was cute. I felt sorry for her. She was alone and all alone.  's plot was so terrible that I can hardly begin to describe it. There
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was terrible!  I love the idea behind the story, but the way it was told, the way the author was able to insert her own opinions and thoughts into the story was just terrible.  Her characters are so unlikable that it's very difficult to feel anything for them.   It's like they're there to get revenge on the hero of the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I don't like about this book is the author's use of the word "retard" in the title.  I'm a straight, white, male, able-bodied man who has never been diagnosed with a disability and who does not use the word.   I'm pretty sure I would have made the same complaint about the book if it were about a straight man. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If I could give this book a negative star I would. It's not a good book. I am not going to be able to finish this one. I'm going to have to find something else to read next.  12 of 12 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The book was good, but I wish it had been in my first language. If it was in my second language, I would have been much more impressed. The author does an excellent job of keeping the book easy to read and entertaining without ever losing the reader. A good book.  12 of 14 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- -------------------------   This is a terrible book. It's written in a way that makes it easy to follow and easy to relate to, but if you read through it carefully, you will be left with a bad taste in your mouth.   There's a lot of information in this book, but you never really get the full picture. The author tries to tell you about every detail about the universe, but when you really get down to it, he never really gets there. He talks about how our planet was formed, and he mentions that it's all very complex, but then he does a very sloppy job of explaining what he means. It turns out that he never explained anything at all. I think it was probably just a bad attempt to explain it all, but I think he could have done a better job.   I'm not saying he doesn't know the universe well, but he just never really explains things clearly enough. For example, he talks about the fact that our sun is a big blue ball, but how did he know that? I don't think he really knows the details about our solar system, which is probably the main reason that he made this book.   a) He probably didn't get to learn the details of our solar systems because he's so busy trying to make sure the entire universe is perfectly explained, and b) He doesn't even bother to explain how our sun gets so hot, since the sun is so big, he doesn�t really need to.   the planet's core is not solid, so it doesn't have to be at the center of our sun.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ When I first heard of the "Novelty" series by Daniel José Older, I was intrigued. The first book was the most interesting, so I read the rest in a couple of days. The story is a bit of a throwback to the classic "horror stories" from the old horror magazines. The book starts off a bit slow, but it picks up steam at the end. The characters are interesting, and the book has a good sense of humor. But the last half of the book feels more like a horror movie than a good story. I found the ending a little too rushed. I think the ending was a little more satisfying if the author didn't have to keep going with the characters, or if there had been a little less time to go from one story to the next.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have been looking for this book for years. It was not only a great story but also a very well written one. I enjoyed the characters and their personalities, and the setting of the story was very enjoyable. The only negative I can say is that it didn't have a good ending. I liked the book and I'm glad I purchased it, but the ending was disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had the chance to buy this book at an Amazon.com deal for $3.99, but ended up reading it for free.  The first chapter is the best part of the book.  I loved the beginning of the novel.  The beginning is set in a house on the beach, and the family that lives there is in danger of losing the beach house to the rising sea level.  This was the best thing I've read all year.  In addition, the book includes a lot of real stories about real people who are living the challenges of climate change.   What a wonderful book!  A great first book on climate change written by a master of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is predictable and the ending is unsatisfying. It's a good way to waste a book, but the writing style is good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has done this before, and the end result is a poor book, filled with half-baked ideas. The plot is poorly explained and never fully developed. The characters are weak and shallow, with a tendency to do things for the wrong reasons. The story is a series of bizarre coincidences, and there are no character development beyond a few minor plot twists. I'm not even sure if this was the author's intention, as it's unclear whether the events happened to the characters in a dream or whether they actually occurred in real life.  This is a book with a bad premise, and a terrible execution.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   A very poorly written book. The author claims to have researched all the information about the Bible in the New Testament, but in the end, he only has enough knowledge to write a book that is like a list of Bible verses. For example, he says, "The Bible also tells us that if we have more than one wife we are guilty of adultery." And then he says that "if we have children with one wife, we're guilty of incest." And he says "if the woman is not pleasing, then we're committing adultery." But he doesn't have any evidence for these claims! He just makes them up! In the end it all just seems like a poor attempt at historical research. I just can't see the logic in these claims. This book would have been a good addition to a Bible trivia book if it had been researched.   One of the things that bothers me the most about the book is that the author says that Christians are supposed to be "good people" or "good, moral people." The author even claims that it is the law of God that Christians should be good people. I'm not sure where this law came from. He says that the Bible tells us, "Thou shalt not kill," and that Christians "should not kill." But the Bible doesn't actually tell us anything about killing people, or about good, moral or ethical behavior. I don't think the author has read the Bible enough to understand the context in which the Bible uses the word "kill." I think he is just making it up, or he has a skewed understanding of what the Bible says.  , I have to say, that the book has many things in it that I do not agree with. However, as a Christian, I do find the book interesting because the author tries to find out how many different ways there are to interpret the Bible. I have a hard time believing that the Old Testament is not the most "progressive" book in the Bible, but I think that the New is more "conservative." So I was very curious to see how the book would read to a non-Christian, but this book makes me question the validity of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book about the death of a woman who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. The book is very depressing and the characters are all very unlikable. The protagonist is so unlikably evil that she is a nightmare to read about. This book has the potential to be a very good book but the writing makes it so depressing that it is impossible to enjoy it. I would never recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I read this book, I had high hopes that it would have something new and interesting to say about the history of philosophy. It did not. It was just an interesting read, and it would be nice to see more from this author, but it is hard to fault this book for being an uninspired read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________. It's the most frustrating review ever. _______________________________. I read this book because I was trying to learn more about the world, and this book was the perfect resource. ______________. I think I read one review for this book and it was from a person who was really frustrated and disappointed with the book. __________________________________. This book was a little disappointing, but I can't find anything negative to say about it. _______. This is not a bad read, but it wasn't really what I was looking for, or expected, so I won't be buying the book anymore. _____________________________________________________________________________________________________  I'm so glad I read the book before I started my journey into learning. I had to do it, so the more I read, the more satisfied I got. I am not the best at describing my emotions, but at least I can describe the reactions of my emotions to a book.  As for the content of the book, I think it's a good book. The author talks about a variety of topics including, but not limited to:  The world we live in,  History of the United States,  is the history of the people who have been in power. - I was expecting more in depth history of some of the other countries that we have been invaded. ,  the history and impact of slavery and how the American people dealt with that, .  "If the United Nations were a person, it would be a very good looking person. "There are many great books, but this one will always be the one I recommend to people. It is well written, with many interesting details. The information provided is accurate, and the writing is clean and clear." - The book is full of interesting details and is not overly dense or complicated. 's book is written for a general audience, and is written very clearly. It contains some of my favorite things in this genre of books. I really enjoy reading about the history behind certain events and ideas and the people involved in those events. The story is very interesting and well told, and I am looking forward to reading more of the books that are written about the United states and other countries in the world. 1. The world is a lot more complicated than we tend to give it credit for, and we should never forget the people that have fought to preserve their lives and freedoms. I know many of us have not done enough to support
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping for a better book.  It's a bit of a shame as the author has a great imagination.   The ending is very well done.  I have only read this in the original language of Latin, but I'm pretty sure this is a translation from another language, possibly German.  It's a really well-written book. 5 stars because of the author's talent:  
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. ___________. _______. ____. _____. _____________________. I was given the opportunity to read the following book: The Boy Who Couldn't Stop: The Life and Times of a Gay Teenage Prostitute. ___________________________. I'm sure this book is a great read. _________________________________________________. ______ ________. ___. My review: I think the author has a really good eye for writing. I found myself not only liking the book, but I also thought it was a good read. In a way, I felt like I was reading a diary. __________________________________________________________________________ ____ ________ ____ _ ____ __ ____ / _ \ \/ _ \ ____ \ / _ / ____ ___ _____ _ _____ / __ \ \ / __/ __/ / _/ \/ _____ _____/ __ \ / / / _ __ / / \ / ___/ / __ / __\ / / _____ \/ __\ \/ ___/ ____/ \_/ / / __ _____ ______ _____ __ _______ _____ ___ _____________/ ____________ _____\ ______________ _____. / _ _ _______ / _______ _ / / ___ / _ ________/ _ ________________ / _________ / __ __ ________ / ___ ____ (_/ _______/ __ ___________________/ \__/\ /_/ \ _____ \\ _____ \( / __ ___ _______ __ / _ ___ ___ __ __ / ___ \ \ \ _______ ______ ____ | | _______ \ \_ _____ | | __ __ | |/ __| | | | / / | | \| __ | |_) | / __| \ \__|__ \ \____|___/ / \___|___| \____/ |____|_/\____/|_____| \__,__/ \___/\______/ _______________________________________________________________________ ____\____\ _____| |_ _ ______________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________ \ \_______ \ ________ \ | |\ \ \ |\ / \ |__ |\ ___/ |\ __ \ | \ |_| / \ ___ \ |___ | \ / |_ / |___ \|_ |_/____/\__\ \_ \| |___| /_\__/|___ /_____\__
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's about a boy who goes on a road trip with his best friend to visit his grandparents.  The trip is supposed to last a few days, but the boy and his buddy decide to spend a few weeks on the road, so they leave the girl at home.  I don't really know how long this book is supposed be, because the book is only about half way through.  But I'm still reading it and I like the characters, even if the plot is a little weird.  Maybe I'm getting a little spoiled by other reviewers, but I'm not really sure what the point of the book was.  There's a lot of road trip and adventure, but nothing I hadn't read before.  It was a good read, just not my cup of tea.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   In a very short time, this book has changed my life. It changed my view of the world. I am now open-minded and accepting of many ideas and philosophies. I don't care what a person thinks. I'm just looking for a good book to read. I was disappointed by the cover and the blurb, but otherwise I think this book is excellent.   I highly recommend this book to people who are open- minded and don't have much of a problem accepting new things.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________________________________ I did not enjoy this book. I feel that the story is one-sided, and that it really is not a true account of the event. The characters have their own agendas, but are not all that interesting. I could only really relate to the woman and her daughter, who were very young when the event happened. I thought the whole thing was made up on the spot, and it is certainly not the first time a false story is told. I guess it would be interesting to hear from the other person, but the book itself is not really interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be very dry. There were so many places in the book that made no sense to me at all.  The author uses a lot of the "science" of her day to explain things that I know to be wrong.  It makes her writing sound like it was taken from an old book on a subject she doesn't understand, rather than a first-hand experience with the subject.  I will not be reading her book again, even if she makes me look forward to it.  (2/10)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a terrible piece of trash. It is not good at all. I read the first 5 pages and said, "No." The next 10 pages are a waste of time. The first 5 are a great start but then the author turns into a very self-indulgent book. I was so tired by the time I finished the book. It took me a good 1 1/2 hours to finish this book. The writing style is so boring. The main character is so selfish. I hate her. I don't care about anything she does. She is the worst main character ever. I want to be mean to her and I really do hate her for how selfish she is. It took me 4 years to read this book and I was disappointed by the end. I did not even enjoy reading it. It just made me sad. I will not be purchasing this book again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book for a friend's birthday. I'm a huge fan of the series and wanted to give it a try. I loved the book and it has a few things that I enjoyed in it. Unfortunately, the book does not follow the series to the letter. The story has a lot of inconsistencies that were not there in the books. There is a lot less of the world building that is so important to the series. This book takes place in a world that is very similar to that of the books and is very cliche. The characters are very boring and they do not have any depth. I have been reading this series for so long that I was expecting something more and I was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only problem is the writing. This book is so bad I'm going to have to start my own book club and pick the worst books. The only good thing is that this book is free, so you can just leave it there and hope that the people that bought it read the other reviews.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very poorly written book.  There's a lot of unnecessary info, which is often what I get from a "good book".  Some of the information that I do find interesting is very dated (like the fact that the Mennonites believed the devil was an angel).  However, I still enjoyed it.  I enjoyed reading this book. The characters were interesting, the story was interesting, and the writing was interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________ I was really looking forward to this book and had a lot of fun reading it. The story is interesting and the characters are interesting, although I do think some of the characterizations could be better. The prose is a little dry for me, and I'm not a huge fan of the use of dialogue in science fiction. It was a little annoying though, and the end of the book seemed a bit rushed.   Overall: __________ I would definitely recommend this book to a friend.   and as a side note, the cover art for this book is so pretty.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best part about this book is that it's not a novel. The book starts out with the main character on a trip to see the "doomed city" of Paris. I've seen it called "Paris in a bottle" or "The city that never was" but I prefer to call it "Paris is a book" and "Paris should be a movie" since there is a lot of the city you would see in the movie.  It was pretty well done, although the city scenes were kind of dull.  After seeing Paris, the character, a young girl named Sophie, goes on a journey of self discovery.  She starts off in the city but the book takes a turn into the countryside.    The countryside is very well written and has a lot more to it than the city.  I loved this section.  The book is kind of hard to read because of the slow pace.  Sophie is a very down to earth character.  There is one scene where Sophie is in a diner and she's having a bad day.  But after that scene the book picks up.  It's hard to put it into words how much I enjoyed this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I was hoping that the book I was about to buy would be a good book. The reviews I found on Amazon did not seem to be that high, however. I am not a book person, but I really liked this book. I had it on my list to read and finally got around to it. I will say that it took me a little bit of time to get to the parts that I enjoyed. But I guess that's what a good story needs. The story has a little dark humor and a touch of romance. The plot is fairly simple, but there is a good amount of twists and turns. This book was very well written, which I like, especially if you like mysteries and/or mysteries with a good plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The Lord is a great book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've read about this book a few times. I've tried to read it in a couple of different ways. This time, I found that the more I read about the other children, the more confused I became. The characters seemed too perfect, the stories so well-developed that I just couldn't understand why some of the other kids seemed so bad. So it wasn't until the end of the book that I realized that maybe the kids in the book were the ones who weren't quite right. It was so confusing, I just didn't have a strong opinion on it. I mean, sure, the story is good, but I can't imagine anyone who likes the book really enjoying it. 3.5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not worth it. The only reason why i give it 3 stars is that it's the first book by an author i've read who's writing is so good that i feel like i could learn from him. But, i could only do so much. I read this book in a day. I felt like i was reading the entire Harry Potter series in one day. He starts off strong with a strong character, but then he just gets dragged along. I was very disappointed in his story and the way he was written. He is a very well known author, but this book was just boring to me. 5/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book for my husband and he loved it. I wish he had been born in the 20's. It has a nice plot line, but at the end of the day I just think it is a terrible book. I can't believe someone could write a book like this and think it was a good idea to include this crap. The characters are so stupid and I would have never bought this if it wasn't so badly written. The only thing I would say is the ending is a little too convenient. I hope they add a happy ending to this book so people won't buy this crap again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's so bad, I almost don't want to say anything.  I really don't.   The plot is terrible.  So many things go wrong.  One character is an idiot.  Two characters are horrible.  All of them.  The only good thing is the ending, which is pretty cool.  I did like the character who was in charge of the "science" department at school, though, even though he did not actually have much power to do much.  He was a bit annoying, but he had his moments.  Rating: 2.5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the plot, character development and world building of the book, then it's a great read. However, it is a really bad book. The book follows the lives of three sisters as they grow up in a family that is really different from other families in the world. The story is pretty good and you can see the author's efforts in putting it together. The problem is that it has no plot and the author doesn't put much effort into developing the characters. The author also puts too much emphasis on the bad things about the family which is a bit too much and makes the story seem all the more confusing. The ending of the story is also really bad and is really confusing, and not at all the ending you'd expect. I do recommend this book to fans of the Hunger Games series and people who like fantasy, and it's worth a try if you're in the mood for a good story, but I wouldn't call it a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's a fun read, but the characters are so... bland. I have no problem with being bland, but it's not like they're interesting or well drawn or anything.  I wish there was something more to them, or more interesting to say about them.   "The worldbuilding is ok but the actual characters are dull, uninteresting, and poorly drawn.  "The plot is pretty good, but I wish the story was just more interesting.  The worldbuilding and world building is nice but it seems a little rushed in places.  I liked the plot, but overall, it's just too boring.  This is the second book I've read by this author, so I'll be reading more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   I had read the previous book in the series and enjoyed it a lot. I thought the author did a good job of making the characters feel real.   However, I'm disappointed with the end of the book. The ending was way too abrupt. It seemed like the author was running out of ideas. And the last chapter was very confusing.  .   for those that want to know more:.   A young boy and his dog get caught in a horrible storm. It takes an hour to get out, but the dog doesn't. The boy's dad finds the dog, and takes him to the vet. The vet says the dog's leg is shattered, but it could have been broken by a car. So the vet gives the boy $300 to get a new one. The dog ends up at a rescue center, and the owner of the rescue center is his cousin. The cousin tells the boy that he should give the dog to him. But, the boy tells the dog not to trust him. The next morning, the dog runs off. The uncle and his family take the dog back to the house, where they are attacked by the boy's father's friend's family. The friend's brother tells the uncle that he thinks his brother is dead, but his brother tells him that the dog died. The son takes the dog away from the uncle and the brother, and is attacked by a man and his son. The man is killed by the uncle's friend, who turns out to be the son's cousin. He is the only one who can fix the dog. The cousins argue over how to fix the dogs. The nephew tells his cousin to fix it himself. So he does. And it is fixed. But the dog is now in a wheelchair. The dogs are adopted by a couple, and they decide to keep the dog as a pet.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ This is an extremely long and confusing book. The author says "I have a very different perspective than most authors". ____________________________________________________________________________________ I am not sure I can give this book any less than 3 stars. This book is very good in its own way. I found it to be a very good introduction to the study of the Christian faith and a good overview of what the Bible actually teaches. I don't agree with all the things he says about the Bible but the main points are solid. I think his use of the Bible is a bit of a mixed bag, but that is because I don 't understand it very well. It may help to read the other review on this site. I recommend this book to anyone who is a Christian who has not studied their Bible very deeply and wants to understand the Bible better. It is a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished the first 3-5 pages and I am not sure what to think. It seems to be trying to be both science fiction and fantasy in some of its concepts. It is very good though. I'm hoping for the next book as I really enjoyed the first one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a new fan of the series and I'm a little disappointed in this book. First off, the author has said before that the second book is supposed to be the "good" part of the story. That's not what happened for me. I was hoping the second half of the book would have more of a story. This was just more of the same "I've been told I'm going to be a hero, I'm the only one who can stop him" stuff. I think I'm done with this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I bought this book because I have always wanted to read a book about a man who has to face his own demons as a young man, and also in a world that is filled with many. -------------------------- This book was terrible. ------------- I was hoping for a more sympathetic story about a struggling artist who goes on a journey to become a successful one, but instead got a very one-sided, "I'm the one that's going to save the day" story. -------------- The artwork in this book was horrible. ------------ I would not recommend this book to anyone. --------------- The story and art in this story were awful. ---------------------------- I just finished reading this book, and I couldn't put it down. ----------------------------------------------- The art in the story was pretty bad, the story itself wasn't terrible, but the art is not what I expected from this book. _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:        This book is bad. The only good thing is that it is the only one in this genre that I really like.   Rating: 3.5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book a lot of times to be too slow to keep up with. I don't care much for the romance and don't understand why it's there at all. The author has written the romance with such a dark, heavy, twisted feel that it just makes me want to give up on the story. I know she's a writer and is trying to push her boundaries, but this book just isn't up to snuff.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I really enjoyed this book, it was really entertaining and interesting. The story was really interesting, the characters were interesting, and I was really entertained by the plot. The ending was a little predictable, but the book did have a great ending. It had a great plot, but it lacked the suspense I really want from a book. I also liked the fact that the author did not follow a typical romance book. Although this book was written for young adults, I would like to read a romance book that is not about the young man's first love, but about a young man who has the opportunity to meet and fall in love with the person he has always wanted to meet but was too scared to pursue. The author does write a good plot, I like how he writes some romance scenes, but he does not follow them too well. I wish the book was longer, but I enjoyed it, so I was able to finish it in a week.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If I could give this book only one star, I would. I have a hard time remembering the names of people who didn't really exist in my head, and this book was the exception to the rule. I can't remember who the main character was, but I can remember who I was. It's like a dream. And, yes, it is the same dream I had a few years ago.   There's some really good stuff in here. I really loved the story about how they're trying to get a little money out of a guy. It was really funny, and the guy was a real douche. I would have liked to have known who he was and what his name was.   in fact, i think the most interesting thing about the book is the way they tried to sell the book and the characters. This is a book about a group of people with a strange belief system who get sucked into a weird plot to get money. I mean, what more could you want? The whole premise is pretty dumb, but then again, this is a novel about a bunch of people in a strange town who all think they're psychic and try to find the next person who can read their mind. They're trying their best to convince a girl to read their minds, and they all try to do this by putting on different kinds of weird shows.   to me, the most intriguing part of this book is that the guy they're attempting to sell this to doesn't seem to believe anything they're saying, but they can read his mind. So they keep trying to convince him. And that's the main problem. The guy doesn't believe it, but he can read the mind of whoever's talking to him. It gets weird. The guys try to explain that this is all just a crazy person's delusion, but the guy just can't understand. He tries to prove to them that this isn't true, but to no avail. So, they give up. And then they try to sell him the book. He refuses. It wasn't very well written. It had the same plot as the original book, but this time the characters were less believable.  , so i give it three stars because the book was interesting, and i like the characters, and my memory of the characters was pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book to have a good laugh. It's funny, but I think the plot doesn't work. The book has many twists and turns. I wish I would have seen it coming. I liked the humor. I just don't think this book is for everyone. It can be a bit much at times.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book a bit boring and it took me long to read.  The characters were mostly forgettable.  The author makes a point to mention that he didn't have the funds to pay for his trip to the North Pole but he made the best of it.  He also mentions that he couldn't get a copy of the book from Amazon so he bought a book at the library instead.  It's just a very bland book with no character development.  I'm not a fan of the author's writing style so I won't be recommending it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's the best book I've ever read, the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's too long to read in one sitting.   I've been reading for more than 15 years and this is by far the best story I've read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good book, but I'm not sure that anyone who doesn't already know that would find it interesting. The author is very passionate about the topic of child development and she does a good job of making you want to get up and do something about it.  The book is good, but it's a bit more on the basic side, and the author doesn't give the reader the tools to understand what to do when a child is acting out, what not to do and what they should be doing to get through it. She also doesn't do a very good job showing what to expect from the therapist.  This is the sort of book that could really benefit from being broken down into sections.  It also could be a good thing to take on vacation, because you can see the author's vision of child/parent interaction in a very concrete way.  There is a lot of good information in this book and it would be great if the author would put it in a book format. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- "This book has the potential to become one of the great books of the twentieth century... [But] The Death of Ivan Ilyich is a tedious, repetitive, tedious, and tedious book. And if you can't tolerate that kind of thing, you might as well turn away." (from Amazon) I'm so disappointed with this book. I just read it over a week ago and I'm still not done. I had been planning to write this review for a while, but I just couldn't do it without mentioning how boring and horrible it is. Ivan Ilyichev is an author who has achieved great success and notoriety. In his book he talks about the famous Russian writer Pushkin. In a scene he describes a scene from Pushkin's novel The Master and Margarita. Pushkin had written the scene in which the protagonist, a doctor, is trying to save the life of a man who is being attacked by a pack of wild wolves. It's very simple: a man falls into a well and a pack breaks in, attacking the man. In this scene Ilyichevich seems to be saying: "It's no wonder the people of this era hated the wolves." But I just cannot believe that the author would write such a sentence. In the book, the hero is trying so hard to save his life, but all he manages to do is cause himself more pain and death. There is no reason to believe that he will save his own life. The only way he could save his would be to kill his wife and children. And that would have been a crime against humanity. I cannot believe the author could write such an act. I couldn't believe that an author could describe in such a way something that was nothing but the most brutal and inhumane thing imaginable. I can't even imagine what kind of man writes such a book. There are so many scenes in this book that I just can't believe it. There's a scene in the beginning where the heroine is being dragged along by a large beast. She screams at him to stop and that he's hurting her. But the beast doesn't listen to her. And he carries on. The author even wrote a description of the beast. He is called "a huge, hairy animal with sharp, powerful claws, a large jaw, and a short tail." I'm sorry, but that description is just too much. It makes the beast sound like a real beast, like something out of a horror movie.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a bad, bad book, and there is no way that I can recommend this book to anyone who isn't already familiar with the works of Terry Pratchett or Stephen Baxter.  I have read most of Pratcheth's works, but I have never read a book with this much badness in it, which is probably why this book is so bad.  A bad book.  The plot is so incoherent and stupid that it's hard to even tell where the story is going.  I just couldn't understand the main character's motives or why he was doing things.   I would like to recommend this to my fellow Discworld readers, but it's just so bad that I won't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and predictable and it makes me want to put the book down. I would have been better off reading a book on the topic of how to become a better cook. This book will be a waste of time and money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________ I didn't care for this book at all. The plot is all over the place and the characters are just not likable. The story revolves around two men who have a love affair, but end up in a car crash after their car hits a bird, and then gets stuck on a rock for a week. They end up trying to kill themselves, but then one of them is eaten by a shark and the other gets eaten by the shark. It was like watching two people who are stuck together in a big metal cage, but they're only going in opposite directions. It made me wonder how long they'll be stuck together if it doesn't get fixed. And the book ends on a very stupid cliffhanger, but it's still not the worst cliffhangers I've read. If you like shark movies or movies that are just a little ridiculous, you may like this book. But if you don't, you probably won't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very slow and boring read, the book is not very good and the story was quite boring. I found it hard to read. I liked the characters but I felt that they did not develop at all. I was wondering if the author had finished the story by the end of the book.  The author could have at least done more with the characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure that there are a ton of people who will be thrilled to learn that this is an interesting read.  The book is well written and very interesting.  I've been looking for a good mystery to read on my short stories.  I'm still looking.   This is an extremely fun and engaging book.  It's also really easy to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I can't remember the last time I had such a bad night's sleep, I slept for about 6 hours.   "A book is a window into another life, the lives of those who live on and around it." - Robert Aickman
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing was a little too stiff for me to enjoy the story.  It just felt like a dry book to me.  I will say that I did like the story but I do not think that I would enjoy the characters or the world they live in.  The main character seems like a good guy but I found him annoying and unlikable.  I did not feel that I knew anything about the world.   The world was a very interesting one that I have never seen before.  It was also intriguing to know about the characters.  But again, the writing was stiff and I did get bored.  Overall I liked the story a lot and it did have a good ending, but I would have liked it to have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A really terrible book! This book has been the cause of a lot of anger in my family and I can only imagine that it will cause a lot more anger to come in the future. I would not recommend this book to anyone, even if they had a strong belief in the bible and had no problem with slavery.  The bible is not your friend when it comes to dealing with the horrors of slavery.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________   I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan and I love that the series is so rich and detailed. It has such a huge cast and the fact that all of them have a past that they need to be saved from is incredibly interesting. I am also a HUGE fan of the books, so this was a dream come true for me. I did a little research on how the books would be adapted and they didn't disappoint. I can't say that the movies are better than the books though, they are not even close. This is a wonderful book, I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked this book. I think it's a great introduction to the genre. I just wish the characters were a bit more fleshed out. The whole book is really focused on the main character, but there are some nice little tidbits about the rest of the cast that I would have liked to have known more about.  My main gripe is that the book ends on a cliffhanger, but I guess that is kind of necessary, right?
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It was good until the end"
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book sucks. It's not that it's bad in the "weird fantasy book" sense, but rather it's very bland, and has nothing interesting to say. The story is about a guy who gets a magical ring that turns him into a human, and then becomes a princess because of it. He then goes back to being a guy because of a curse and goes on a journey to find his sister. The problem is that there is absolutely nothing interesting about the story, not a single thing to say, and it just drags on. The author is so lazy, it makes me want to punch her in the face. The world building is so weak, the only things that actually seem to have a meaning is the curse and the brother-son conflict. This is the weakest part of the book, and you can't blame it on the writing, because the writing was just so bad. The plot is nothing but "I want to go to the castle and I want to be the prince/princess". It makes absolutely no sense. I don't know how I was supposed to get any enjoyment out of this book. I'm actually not sure if the writer was trying to be clever or just didn't like writing, but I think it was the latter.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The book was poorly written, poorly written by an amateur. There was no sense of story development, no sense that you're actually learning anything. It's just an exercise in character development that is not really necessary to be a good story." -A reader who has read many fantasy books and liked them all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It was a bad read.   I liked the concept of the book and some of the characters, but the writing style just didn't work for me.  I felt like this book was trying to be too complex at times, and it didn't have enough time to develop the characters properly.  The last half of the story was so bad that I just wanted to stop reading and not go through the book again.  In addition, I just couldn't understand why some characters would be so angry at others and it felt really contrived.  For example, when the book started, a character who was so innocent and nice suddenly became so mean and angry that I felt that the author had completely lost control of the plot.  A very bad start for a story that I expected to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few of the problems with the book are obvious (the grammar, spelling, etc. etc.), but many more are not so obvious.  The problem I have with this book is that the author makes some very obvious mistakes in grammar (as I'm sure most people reading this review will have encountered at some point or another).  There is a lot of "in-joke" in this book, but it's not funny.  A lot of the "in jest" is not in-jest at all, but is the result of the author making a bad choice of words.  The best examples of this are in chapter 8 (the "Inner Game" section).  The "In Inner Game" sections are meant to teach a technique of getting in-tune with a person and how to have a better connection with them.  But a lot gets lost in the translation:  "When I see you, I see myself.  If I have an itch on my neck, it's a little like an itch in my back, a little bit like a little bump.  When I try to scratch it, it hurts.   When you scratch it, I scratch it."  This kind of "saying" is very much a part of the book, and the grammar is poor (and I'll get to that later).  "Inner game" is meant to be a little self-reflective.  Unfortunately, the author's use of language is off, so it feels very "me-me" rather than "you-you" (or "we-we").  The other big problem with the writing in this section is that it is almost completely devoid of humor.  It's mostly a very serious book that's meant to encourage people to get in-touch with their feelings and have a deeper connection with people.  What it comes across as is that people should have a sense of humor about everything.  This doesn't make sense, because it's supposed to be an "inner game" book.  I know I could use this technique, but if it were written in the same style as the rest of the text it would have been much better.   This "inner game book" section is the least enjoyable part of this book. Another "ininner game book," is in the "Treat Yourself" section.  In the section it describes how to use your own unique
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was ok but not the best book I have read in the past year or so. The story itself was interesting, but I thought there were a few things that were wrong with it. The characters were dull, and the plot was a little too simple for me to get attached to. I was going to read the next book in the series but I am going to put this book on the shelf and move on.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of old short stories and essays, some of which I have read previously.   Some of the stories in this book have been on my mind recently, and I thought this book would help me to put them in perspective.  The essays are all very interesting and some of them I am sure will become classics.  I was very impressed with the amount of thought and attention given to each story. _________________________________  ________________________________  I am currently reading a book by Richard Matheson, The Children's Crusade, and the opening chapter is titled "On the Other Side of a Bad Night".  There is something about this opening chapter that is so haunting.   It is so close to me and so real.  For example, I remember sitting with my father on a train the day after I was kidnapped, and as I looked over at him, he looked at me, and he said "I thought I heard something behind you", as if I had just seen something horrible.  The other thing I can remember is sitting on the train after the kidnapping and trying to sleep, and not wanting to get up.  It is so frightening to remember a time like that.  I don't know what happened to me, but I do know that the memory of that moment of terror, when my mother was in the process of crying and begging for me to come home, haunts me.  When I was eleven, I was in a park in Brooklyn, and a little girl came up to me. She said that her brother had died.  She said the boy had been a bully, and she wanted me to be a better person.  Then she ran off.  This story reminds me of the story about the boy who came home crying after being beaten by a bully.  In that case, the little girl is telling me to stop beating others.  We all know that we cannot change the past.  Sometimes it is just too painful, and we just move on.  But sometimes, we are not strong enough to resist the pain, and when we do we do not realize that we are doing it to ourselves.  So here we are, with the pain that is caused by violence and the violence that is done to others, and here is a young girl, who was bullied, who wants to do something about it.  How amazing.  When I was thirteen, I went to a movie with a
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was awful.  I'm sure I could've made it through if I had read it at a younger age, but that just made it all the worse.   I don't understand why anyone would ever want to read this book.  It's boring.  The main character is the worst thing ever.  This book is written in a style that would make an author call themselves an amateur.  But I suppose you can't be an amateur in writing bad fiction.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     "It has nothing to do with the quality of the book itself but it is a waste of time and money if you just want to read it. It's too long and it's too bad because it's one of the best books I've ever read."  6 of 7 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is full of shit. It has a plot that involves a conspiracy of the government against a group of children. The kids and their teacher are all very incompetent and are constantly on the run from the government. The teachers are a bunch of old white women who think they know everything. The story ends in a really bad way, but the writing is terrible. This book is not worth the time it takes to read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, but the narration wasn't as great as I thought it would be. The dialogue felt like it was written by a teenager and the story didn't feel real. It was also confusing with the lack of clear information.  It's not that I don't like it, it's that I wanted more out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not enjoy this book.  The story line was too similar to one of the Star Wars movies.  The story was so similar to The Empire Strikes Back that I think it was an inside joke.  I know there are some people who will enjoy this but for me it was a waste of my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not as good as the reviews and the hype would have you believe. I will never read this book again, I was really disappointed in the story. I felt like the main character did not grow throughout the book. It seemed that the author's goal was to make her character look like a villain, but the author just didn't do it well.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Book of Lies is a good book, but it's a shame the author was so stupid and arrogant to not bother researching the history of the Book of Abraham. In the second chapter, Joseph Smith is quoted as saying, "I will make my father Abraham my heir." This statement has no factual basis in the text. The Book of Mormon was translated by Joseph Smith. There is no evidence that Joseph Smith had any foreknowledge of the translation of the book. Even if it was done through divine revelation, Joseph had to have had a copy of the original manuscript. In any case, the statement was later found to be false, as evidenced by the fact that he did not become the "son of Abraham." It was found later that Joseph had been told that he was to become the father of a nation. The book of Abraham is the first part of a five-part series of ancient documents that are believed to be the most ancient writings in existence. The five parts are as follows: Abraham 1:1–11, 12, 13–15, 17–18, and 19–22.  This is where the book of lies gets its name. 4) The Book Of Lies:    The Book is also a series of 5 ancient documents, the first being the book called the Book Of Abraham, the second is the Pearl of Great Price, the third is the Doctrine and Covenants, the fourth is the Joseph Smith Translation, and the fifth is the Book Stake President's Journal.    5) The Pearl of great Price:  The Pearl contains the writings of Joseph Smith and the translation by his scribe, the Prophet. It is also the basis for the Book's title.  This is what is called a "seer stone." It is very important because it was the medium through which the first English translation of The Book was done. The first translation was done by the stone, and from there the Prophet translated.  The only difference between this translation and the other translations is the fact the stone did not have to be placed in the hat or on a hat.  As for the Pearl, it contains a translation of some Egyptian hieroglyphics which were on the plates that were taken to Kinderhook.  It was the translation that eventually led to the Book. The other three are believed by most to be pseudepigraphic, meaning they are copies made of other works.  6) The Doctrine and covenants: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ This is a very good book that I bought in exchange for a free copy of a more modern, less academic book that would give me a broader picture of the same events. I found it more interesting and I think the events could have been better told. I'm sure that was the intent, though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book.  The story was intriguing, the writing good, and I was glad to get a peek into a different world.  The book starts with the main character, Gwen, a girl who lives in a town with no magic.    At the start of the book Gwen was only able to talk to animals, and only to communicate with the animals she has a connection with.    As the book progresses Gwen's powers increase, and she becomes able to communicate more with the world around her.  The book has an excellent plot and is written very well.  Gwen is also very likable, and has the typical teenage angst of not feeling ready to deal with the adult world. I gave this book a 4.0. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I have read a lot of books about dogs and their behavior and this one is not one of them. It is written from a dog's point of view and I am sure that the author, a behaviorist, is an expert in dog behavior, but she does not make it clear that the dog she has studied has a mental illness. The dog is described as a "cute, loving dog" and "a perfect example of a working dog." Her treatment of the dog is not based on science, but on her own experience with dogs. She suggests that she will be better off not training the dog because it is "not a good fit" and that she should get a "better fit." She claims that dogs that have been trained well are much more happy than those that have not been trained at all. She does not mention that the dogs that she trained were very good behaved and very obedient. She states that "it is possible to train a dog to be very good, very obedient, and very smart, all in one dog." She also states that the training is hard work and the results are not immediate. It was also suggested that it was possible to "solve the problem with training" and the author states that some dogs "can be trained by a single session." Her advice is to "let them run free" or, as the author puts it, "work with them, train them, and let them run with their noses in the air" (p. 17). Her advice for training a "good fit" dog is to give the dog a "break" and then return to the problem. When the dog does not respond the second time, the author recommends that she give it a "nip." The author does not state that this is a good way to treat a dog who has a behavioral problem. It also appears that the problem was not solved by the third time the dog was given a nip. When a dog that is "good, obedient, intelligent, and happy" is given a "bite" it will not be "fixed" by a "second nip." I am not convinced that this book is well written. She says the problem is that she has a lot to learn about dogs, but I do not see how her training and her dog's behavior are so different. I would like to have seen a more scientific approach to the subject.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book, but didn't like it at all. The writing style of this book is terrible. I can't figure out how to rate it, because the writing is so bad, I can only compare it to the other books by this author that I already have. I found the plot to be confusing, I felt the characters were flat and uninteresting, and I didn't feel any of the characters really had a purpose or anything, other than to be used for plot purposes. I will admit the ending was awesome, but the book as a whole didn't have anything to make me want to read more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I was born with a silver spoon in my mouth, and that spoon was handed down through the generations of my family.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- It was a fun read but I think the author could have written better. I didn't find the story to be very interesting, the story was too similar to others and didn't really surprise me. I just think the writing was a little flat. There were a couple of parts that were quite good, but overall the story didn't interest me. -------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a real piece of shit.  There are a lot of mistakes here but they are so obvious.   The pacing is horrible.    It's like a novel from the early 90s.  It has a great plot but all the action takes place off screen and doesn't do anything to develop the characters.  I think the author should have had her characters be older.  There is some action and there are a few good points.  The story would have been better if the book was shorter and it didn't seem like she was writing to please herself.  However, I really did enjoy the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I gave this book a good review because it was enjoyable to read, but the ending really disappointed me. I would give the book 5 stars if the ending wasn't so disappointing. I really loved the concept of this book, and thought it was a fun read. Unfortunately, the book's ending was completely ridiculous, and I was disappointed. I was really looking forward to getting into this book because it looked like a fun book to read. This is the second book in a series I've been reading that I'm pretty sure I'm going to regret reading. I can't recommend this book enough.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ******** This book is terrible. If I can give one negative review, it's that the author never tells you that the bad guys in this book are actually really bad guys. The author just says "The guys who did this are bad, and they deserve to be punished." He also never tells the reader that in this world, "bad" and "bad guys" are the same. If the reader knew this, she wouldn't have bought this book. And if she did know, she would have written a review for me instead of a book review for this book." *****  The Bad:  I'm going to start this review off with a major caveat. This book doesn't have a lot of character development. It's a little like watching the movie "Bad Boys" with the character development being more of a side story. And while the main characters are good, the side characters don't have the depth or depth of the main character's. The bad guys don't really have any depth at all, they're just evil, like, "that's what they do," "that makes sense," or "I bet they do that too." There is very little development of the bad guy. In fact, the bad character development is one of the things that made this book so bad. It was one of those books where the author didn't develop the characters enough. The book basically started out with "okay, who's the bad person?" and ended up with "Oh, the main bad guy." I know, this was a book that had the word "bad," so I'm not saying that this is a good book, but at least the bad characters had depth.  And the bad is bad.  a bad man who is just a bad person  If there is one positive, it is that the book does give the reader a lot to think about. And the book is filled with interesting ideas and ideas. The ideas are interesting because they are true. The characters are interesting for different reasons. They're interesting for their motivations. The reader is also interested in the things the characters say and how they say them. It makes you think about the world you're living in. And all this thoughtfulness is paired with a good plot. The plot is interesting. It isn't boring, but it is good. And when I say good, I mean good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I bought this book for my husband and he loved it. The only problem was that he was not a big fan of the story line. I think this book is the perfect fit for the younger audience and the adults can read it too. It is a book that should be read by everyone. This is a very interesting book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  It's hard to find a bad novel nowadays. But the one that I read is so bad it's really hard to believe it actually got published.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a waste of time and is filled with errors.  The story is boring and you don't get any new ideas.    There's also a lot of repetition.  5 Stars:   Excellent, and worth reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good story, and I loved the ending. But the whole book was so rushed and it was very, very rushed. I was really disappointed in the final product. I have been thinking about writing a book review for the book, but I've never had the opportunity to do so.  This is my first review on Goodreads, and since I was already reviewing a lot of books on my own, I thought it would be fun to share my thoughts about this book.    The Goodreads community has a very interesting structure where authors can leave reviews for their books, and a lot like Goodreads reviews, they have lots of comments and feedback.  The main story is about the life of a young woman who was a victim of abuse, and how she found her way into a cult called "The Church."  I thought the book was interesting, especially for a first book, I really enjoyed reading this book, the book wasn't exactly perfect, but the story was a really good one.  I thought the author did a good job with the story, she had a lot to say about the abuse that she suffered at the hands of her parents, she even goes on to explain how her mother became a member of the church as a young girl.    This book had a pretty good ending and it seemed like the author had a better grasp of the whole cult scene than I did.  It was a pretty neat read, the last part was really interesting as well.  After I finished reading this I was pretty sad, the author was clearly a victim herself and had some very hard experiences growing up. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ was one of the worst books I have ever read. I was so bored with this book I could have been doing something else but didn't. It's like I was reading something written for children and was told that this was the best way to read. Not in a bad way. I just don't understand why so many childrens books have to include a story about a boy that goes to see the ghost of his dead brother. This is such a waste of a story. There are so many good stories about the supernatural but this is the worst of the bunch.  12 of 13 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "In this book, the author spends a lot of time complaining about what is wrong with his book, and the problems it has. But then he starts to go on about how he is going to fix it, but then stops himself and writes about how it is wrong to have so many problems with a book. Then he starts complaining about how the author has a lot to say about some problems, but that other problems are not as bad, but it just shows he doesn't know how to fix them."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked this book, and thought it was a good read. However, I felt it missed the mark in some of the plot points.  It also is very hard to get into, and there were times when it just seemed like it was going nowhere.    Overall, a good book, but if you're looking for something that will leave you confused, and have a great plot, I would pass on this one.  4.5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, and I recommend it highly to everyone. I have seen it described as a fantasy-noir with a little vampire in it, but it was actually very different from either genre, and more of a hybrid. This book is very dark, very violent, and has a lot of action. This is probably the reason why I really enjoyed it. There are some moments that are really creepy, and there are some scenes that just make me laugh out loud at the absurdity of the situation. It also has a good amount of character development. The main character is very well developed, and is actually the most interesting part of the book. The vampire/werewolf aspect was the one thing that was really annoying, but that's probably the main reason I don't give it a negative rating. I was not expecting to be very surprised by this book at all. I just really enjoyed the book and I think it will be a hit with everyone who reads it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A story about a boy's coming of age, about how he learns the power of kindness and the worth of others. The main character, the main character. The good thing is that the author made the whole book about the main guy, and didn't have to worry about making the main girl into a damsel in distress (at least, not all the time). Also, the guy's friendship with the other boy is a nice touch. The ending was a bit cliche. The whole thing was a little too long for a book like this, but it is a good book to read if you are looking for something new. This was a pretty good story. The story is about a young boy that has been bullied by his friend. After one of the bullies is kicked out of the school, the two boys decide to take the bully out on the road. They find a nice place to crash and sleep, and get into some trouble while the bully is driving, but they end up in a pretty nice motel. The two boys are getting along fine, but their friendship starts to deteriorate after the bully starts teasing them about their past. They eventually decide to start talking about it, and find out that they are in fact a lot alike. I really liked the idea that the two kids were a little bit alike, even though they didn't seem to have much in common, and I liked the way the story ended. It was a good ending, although not a great one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- --------------------------- The worst book I've ever read by any author. The characters are the worst thing about the book. The story is terrible and poorly written. The ending was absolutely stupid. I'm not sure what the point of it was or if it even mattered. I guess it was supposed to be a lesson about how you can't let things like bad books or bad people stop you from going out and doing good things. I don't know how you could possibly learn anything from a book like this, but whatever. If you have the money to spare and are bored out of your mind, give it a shot. Otherwise, I'd say don't waste your money. ------------------------- Rating: -------------- 0/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________ I've been reading this series since I was a little girl. This is one of the best books I have ever read, and the last one I read. I really don't think I can write a bad review. If you are looking for a book with a good plot, good characters and good writing then this is the one. It is just as good as the first one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________  I had high hopes for this one but it was not to be. I bought the paperback from Amazon for $10 and when I started reading it I felt as if I had just picked up a used copy of a used book. There were a lot of grammar errors, spelling errors, incorrect pronouns etc. There was a lot wrong with it too. The only redeeming thing is that it has been reprinted and the cover looks like it's been ripped off from the cover of a second edition. I can't believe that I paid $10 for a copy that I won't be able to read in the next few years.  12 of 15 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Book of Woe  is not bad.  It's a fun read, but the author makes a lot of errors in grammar and spelling, which makes it hard to understand the book and the plot.  I like the concept, but this book is very flawed and the ending is just a bit unsatisfying.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've ever read. The characters are bland, the story is uninteresting, and the ending is poorly thought out and ill-timed. I can't say much about the book other than I'm sorry to say I gave it a bad review. I don't care if the book is "bad" because it's the author's first published book. I really can't recommend this book to anyone. I hate to give a bad read star rating but I can only give it 1.5 stars because the book was too poorly written for me to give it 3 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book, while informative, is filled with errors. It's hard to tell what is factual and what is a case of a writer's own interpretation of what they see or experience.  3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't really think I can write a bad review about this book because the book is so well written and the characters are so well drawn. The story is the main thing for me but the artwork is very good as well. "In the land of the dead there is no peace. The dead are restless and restless people are born."  It's the beginning of a long road for the character of Will. I liked the character so much. Will was a bit of a jerk at first but he's not that bad of a guy.  As the book goes on, Will starts to see things that he can't explain and begins to get to know his family. The book is very dark. I loved the ending. Will's mom is the only one who really gets to experience it all and she is really affected by it all. The book also makes me feel like I am in a family and I'm not in my own. It's like being in the middle of the woods and all of a sudden someone walks in the woods behind you. Overall, I really enjoyed this book. I would read this again. It was a good book but not my favorite book from this series. It will still be in my book shelf.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't really think I'm a fan of "horror" books because I don't like the genre, but this one I'm liking quite a bit. It's scary. I don The most popular book of the year, I would say. This book is just the best book I've ever read in a long time. This story takes place in a future that is far more advanced than the present day. They have advanced technology like holographic technology and they also have more advanced humans. The book takes place when they are trying to solve the "alien problem". It is not a "alien" problem as it is actually a very complex problem. A group of people are trying their best to solve a problem, but they're doing so in a way that is very dangerous. This problem can be solved in many ways and each one of them is dangerous. It can lead to a disaster that would wipe out humanity. The main character is a woman named Sarah who is the leader of the group of scientists. The other characters are her assistant who she loves and a scientist who has a special gift that could save them from the alien problem. They also have other people who help them. I really liked this book and I don�t think I would have been able to finish it if I had not read the first three books in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just so bad. The plot is so terrible. It has no beginning, middle or end. It is just a list of things that happen to everyone. And the characters are not developed at all. The main character is so unlikable. She is stupid, cruel, cruel. You want to punch her in the face when she says stupid things. But, at the same time, you want to love her because she is so sweet. There is a lot of characters that don't really get developed. I don't think that the author had any idea how to write a good book. I will give it 3 stars because I am so excited to read another book from this author. But it's still a bad review for this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "No one is more tired of being told what to do than I am." - Anonymous
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   This is one of the worst books I have ever read in my life. It's not that the writing is bad, it's that it's so uninteresting. It doesn't make sense, and it's very confusing and tedious. It starts out slow, but the main plot gets worse and worse until the book is so bad that I can't even enjoy the end.   The story of this book revolves around a young man named Michael, a successful businessman who was recently laid off from his job. Michael and his girlfriend, who is the daughter of a wealthy family, decide to go to a beach in a small town called Casterbridge, which is a little bit off the beaten path.   to see what the town has to offer, so they decide to take a drive to a place called Pocklington, where they take a road trip through the back roads and small towns. Along the way, Michael gets to know the locals, including a retired soldier, a police officer, and an old lady. The first half of the book follows Michael and the other people he meets, but after that the story turns very boring and uninteresting, and the plot just drags. It goes from interesting to boring and it never ends.   the story:   It's a small village with a population of only 50 people. The roads are bumpy, but they're still passable. A road sign that says 'A man, a woman and a dog' is painted in white letters on a green background. The people here are very friendly and hospitable, they all seem to like Michael. But there's one problem with the town. There's a big problem. One night, a group of evil witches and wizards, who were hired by a wealthy businessman, come to Pockbridge to kidnap Michael and take him back to their castle in a witch's cauldron. Unfortunately for Michael, the people who hired the witches and Wizards have hired an evil wizard who is also named Michael. The story is told from the point of view of Michael as he tries to stop the evil wizards and witches from getting to the cauldron and taking over.  . I really thought that the plot would be better if it was set in a more normal small town and the main characters had more interesting back stories. The main character doesn't really have much of a back story. The book starts out with him coming out of a mental hospital, but that doesn't help the book
Write a negative review about a bad book: ---------------  I bought this book expecting a good book, and I was not disappointed. The author does a great job describing the characters, the history of the world and the culture, and the history in the world, as well. However, I have to say that the book's conclusion left a lot to be desired.   The book begins in the aftermath of the fall of the Kingdom of Serkonos, where King Jaffar and his army of soldiers were massacred by the Knights of the North, who then took the entire Kingdom of Solace to plunder. The story is told from the perspective of a Serkonian soldier, and he is the protagonist. He tells us that the Serkonia is a small, independent country that once had the most powerful army on the continent. He is also the one that will eventually bring the Kingdom back from the brink of destruction.  . The Serkonese are a people of mixed race, with the Sergosians being the dominant group of the people, but there is also a lot of diversity within the Serkoons. The King Jafar and the Knights are both of Serkoonian descent, as is Jaffari, and both are both heroes of the war, with Jaffa also having a strong, fiery personality that is also quite endearing.  , Jaffaron is also another hero of the Serkanian war, and is the first of the three main protagonists. Jaffrari is the son of the King, and has been raised to be the rightful heir to the throne. However the other two Serkoneans are more like siblings, with each having a different mother. Jafari is also Jaffarian, a member of the royal family of Serkania, which is also called Serkona.   "Jaffrarian was a Serkoonia's warrior, a champion of the kingdom. He was a man of great courage, and his strength, skill, and speed made him a terror on the battlefield." (p. 13)   Jaffarar and Jaffaria are also the two main characters that are introduced, and they are the two people that I found to be more relatable, and have a lot more depth.   and, are the other main characters, and are the three people who Jafforar and other characters will eventually become close to.  In a way,is similar to the book The Hero's Journey
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last couple of chapters were incredibly confusing. I really liked the book, and I wanted to like the author's story about her life, but I'm really just not a huge fan of her writing style.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The  Lost Fleet  has some very well done characterisation, a good story, and a lot of action. I liked the plot, and enjoyed the characters, but this book is a letdown, even for me. The setting was very well done and the story interesting, but I really want to know what happened with the crew on the lost ship. I would give it 3 stars, but it could have been better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read this book and liked it, I'm sorry. If you don't, then, you're not getting the story. This book is very long, and very poorly written.  It's not a bad story, but it's not good, either.  I'm not sure what happened to the author of this book.  He is now writing his own book, titled "The Long Night" and it's probably better.  I'll look forward to that one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________ A few years ago I was fortunate enough to have been a judge at the World Fantasy Awards (WFA) for the first time, and I was absolutely thrilled to be in attendance at the ceremony. Unfortunately, that night was marred by a bizarre, surreal, and totally unmemorable presentation. (You can read about it here.) What I found most disturbing about the evening, however, was the audience. It was a very good fantasy audience, but it was dominated by people who couldn't bring themselves to vote for any of the nominees. The entire program was devoted to the most well-known, well-reviewed, and well-received books from the past few years. What was particularly disturbing to me was the fact that the WFA audience did not seem to be voting for these books. After the awards were presented, one of the judges asked the audience which books they wanted to vote on. The answers were as follows: The Goldfinch by John Green The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins The Maze Runner by James Dashner The Fault in Our Stars by John Boyne The Hungerford by Joe Hill A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin And, as an afterthought, The Lies of Locke Lamora by Patrick Rothfuss. I will admit that I was surprised that Rothfus was on the list at all. It wasn't like the WFAs were trying to sell Rothfuses to the WFB audience. I think it's fairly obvious that the only reason these books were even nominated is because of the fact they were highly regarded by the mainstream and the fantasy community at large. (Though I suppose there are some exceptions, like the aforementioned James Dashnner.) The fact that this audience did nothing but talk about the top books of the past several years is incredibly depressing. As I said, I was very much looking forward to attending this awards. I knew the books I was going to be recommending would be on the shortlist, and since I was not a member of the WFFA, I decided I was only going to nominate books that I thought were well-regarded. I was quite disappointed that this wasn't the case. I also found it curious that I wasn't asked any questions about these books prior to the awards. That's not to say that the authors weren't asked a few questions, but that I don't remember anything other than a short introduction given by one of my judges. In retrospect, I
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very good book that I would highly recommend to anyone interested in learning more about the history of the Bible.  However, I have to give it two thumbs down, because I had a lot of difficulty with the book.  First, it is hard to know what is the best way to approach the Bible since so much has been done with it.   Secondly, I found it very difficult to understand why it was written.  It is the only reference book I have ever read that has so many problems.  In the first section, the author writes that he wanted to write a "deep historical treatise on the origins of the Scriptures" and that this book was the result.  He claims that he is not trying to prove anything and that what he is trying to do is give a "deeper and broader" understanding of the origin of the Holy Bible.  The author goes on to say that the "original manuscripts" of the Old Testament were destroyed in a fire at the end of the second century and that only the "second-century books of the NT" were kept and that "this is the most important of these books."  The writer then goes on by saying that the reason he chose to focus on the book of Psalms is that it has "the most important and most important word of all, the Psalm." He claims this to be the "most important word in all the Psalms" because it is the "beginning of the Psalter, the foundation of the entire Bible."  He also claims that the Hebrew letters on the pages are the original words that the Israelites wrote, but that these letters are "lost to us" and were "forgotten." He goes on further to say the following about the Psalters:  "The Psalms are the first books of Scripture.  In the original, the letters were written in a Hebrew alphabet which the people called the "Old Testament."  When these Psalms were copied into a Greek alphabet, these letters were translated into English.  They were not "translated" because they were not Greek in origin but were "lost" to us.  This is the reason the words in the Psalts have the same sounds in English and Hebrew.  Since they were lost to us, they are not "lost."   This explains why these Psalters are the oldest and the most precious of the New Testament books.  However, the Bible is not
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book that was poorly written, poorly paced, and poorly edited. The writing style of the book is very clunky and hard to follow, which makes it really hard to get a clear picture of what is going on. The pacing is all over the place, as if the author is trying to cover a bunch of different things at once. The story takes too long to get to the point of the main characters' lives changing, and the ending is disappointing because the characters and the world they live in are so awesome and unique. I don't recommend this book, especially if you're looking for something that's a bit different from the rest of the fantasy genre.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a really bad book. I would never give this book a 3.5 rating. I don't think that it's worth your time. It's very dull and boring. It was written by an author that does not know how to write. I can only hope that the next book will be better. I also did not like that this book is only about 3,000 words long. I thought it was way too short for this book to be worth it. It took me a good while to finish this book. There are way too many characters and not enough backstory about them. I wish that the author would just go back to the drawing board.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was an ok book, but the ending made me not care about the rest of the book.  The book was written in the 80s and the plot was not as clear as I would have liked.  I read this book because I had to look up what it was about.  I'm glad I did.   The book follows a girl who goes to the beach and is attacked by a killer shark.  This is a bit more of a mystery/suspense type of book, and I found it interesting.  The ending made the story seem a little pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ I got this book for my birthday and it came with a free hardcover book. I have read a lot of books and this is not a bad one. I really liked the author's style and the story. I do wish it was more "adult" and didn't make you feel like you're being scammed. But it is a great story and I really enjoyed it.  I've read lots of books by authors that I like and don't necessarily love: _________________   This book is great, but I don't like the writing style, so it's not my favourite book by him.   I like how he writes his books. He has a good sense of humour and his books are funny.  The stories are quite interesting and the writing is not too bad. He also knows how to use his characters well. The main character is a loner, who is always in a bad mood, who has a crush on a girl that he really likes and is never happy. I enjoyed the way he wrote it.  . I'm not very good at reviews and this book will not be rated very high.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This is a good book, I just wish that it was better written, the author could have done a better job at making this a compelling story."   I have to agree. There's a lot of information about the people that the characters are and what the story is about, but there are some glaring mistakes. The character descriptions are a little over the top, the writing is a little clunky, and there's a fair amount of dialogue that I feel was unnecessarily included to provide some character development. Also, the main character was a little too strong and overbearing and not the type of person who is good at playing mind games.   Overall, I give this book a 4 out of 5. I think I'd probably give it a 4.5 out of a 5 if the author had done a little more research into the culture of the time, or if he/she had spent more time on the characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not good. It's bad. The characters are awful. There's no depth to the story. It doesn't even make sense. There is no logic to the plot. It just is bad. If you're looking for a good book about a woman who can't do magic or have powers then go read Harry Potter.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________  The book is a real disappointment. I wanted to like this book because of its focus on the dangers of over-familiarity. But it is a typical book about the effects of familiarity. I was disappointed because I wanted more from this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am so very disappointed by this book. I am an avid reader of all things horror. I always loved the old school ones like "The Shining" and "The Goonies" and now I am really looking forward to getting this one, but the first page made me stop reading. It starts off with an image of a man with the caption, "Here lies an American man who has just died in a tragic car accident." I couldn't believe it. The author then goes on to tell us, "He was an innocent man, a good man, but he had no one to love him."    I was absolutely devastated by this.   In the first paragraph we are told that the man is "an innocent man". In the book's conclusion we are again told that he had "no one to Love him".   This is the second time in the book that the main character is told that they have no one, yet we are still expected to believe that he did have someone.  He did not die in a car accident, he died in the desert, and no one could have saved him.  There is so much wrong with this book that I am not sure what to do with it. Maybe the author will have another book where he tries to say that all the people he killed were bad people.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had the pleasure of reading this book at my local library. I was looking for something to do on the weekend, and I was drawn in by the "lovely illustrations" and the "daring" and "intriguing" and all that other word I can't really spell.  The main characters, for the most part, are very cute.  I've never read a book like this before, so I'm not sure how to review it.    I was enthralled and I'm a little disappointed that this is the only review I have for this book.  My problem with the book was that I couldn't really get into it. My favorite character was one of the main ones and I really liked her.  But then there were the other characters.  I have to admit that I just didn't care for the other two.  The story was fun at times but I felt like there were more of the same kind of romance and romance plot twists that we have been dealing with for years.  While the book is written with a romanticized sensibility, the overall plot was kind of boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:     I was excited about this book. I had read about it in some online magazines but never purchased the book because I thought it was a little too short. So when I saw this book, I was really excited to read it.   I was excited because it was written by a woman.  This book isn't about women.  The main character, Sarah, is a woman who's married to a man who hates her. She has a child and is doing the best she can with it. She can't even see a therapist to help her cope with it because he is a bad therapist.  She doesn't know what to do because of her husband's abuse.  It seems like the author made this book because she felt like women should be written about in books and not men.  Sarah's husband has an affair and her husband wants her to leave him and marry a rich guy. I liked this book a lot.  I liked the fact that it was more about the woman's point of view than the man's.  There were some good parts to this book as well as some bad parts.  First off, the author is a female and the book was written about her. I didn't think she could write a book that was true to the character of Sarah.  For example, she didn't use the same pronoun when she said "she."  I think this is something she should have done.  However, the book did make me laugh.  That's a good thing.  Another thing I liked about this story was that the author used a little bit of drama.  When a man gets in trouble with the law he doesn't always seem to get what he deserves.  In this story he did not get what the law said he did.  He got what he deserved.  Now, I'm not saying this book is the best thing ever, because I know it's not. I am just saying that it wasn't the worst book I've ever read.  This review was submitted by: M.B.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   I was excited to read this book, but I had trouble with the premise. The author argues that the Bible is not a good book, and that there are many "great" books which can be found in the Bible that were not included in the canon. He also points out that the word "canon" is often used by people who don't read the Bible, but simply want to be "correct". However, the fact remains that the entire Bible has been canonized, and the idea that the author of the Bible didn't include everything in the bible is simply a myth.   The book's premise was flawed on its face, because it doesn't really provide an explanation for why the Bible's canon is so important. If you were to take a book from the Bible and put it into a different book, you'd have a book that doesn't contain everything that's in the original book. So, if the author was going to argue that the original Bible didn the right to be included in our current canon, then he must have some explanation for what makes the Bible so important, as he seems to be trying to make the case. But, he never does.   the author never explains why the authors of the original books included everything in their book, nor does he address the very reasonable suggestion that it was because the authors knew that it would not be changed. Instead, the author uses the Bible as an example of a work that is being ignored and misrepresented in our society today.   is the book a polemic? No. The book is not, as some have tried to make it out to be. I'm not going to say that this book is right and the Bible isn't right, because the Bible has a lot of very good things that should be included. But the author didn't bother to explain why the "canon", as he calls it, is important in any way, and his explanation is simply that there is a lot less of it than we believe.  . If there is more "bad" literature than good literature in the world today, then why is there so much bad literature in today's society? If you read the books in the modern library and you have to turn over the covers a few times, you would probably say that the library is full of "bad literature". Why is that? Why don't we believe the same about the Bible? The Bible is full to the brim of good, moral, and beautiful stories
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is poorly written, the narration is weak and the story is boring.  I had to put it down twice to throw up and just had a terrible time with this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you don't like it, don't read it, and don't tell your friends to read it. You might just have to read this book for a year to get over it.  If you like it and want to be friends with me: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   My first review...I loved it, though I would have liked to see a little more depth on the characters' pasts. I'm still not sure what the point of the story was, though. The first few chapters were interesting, and the plot was intriguing.   The book was a bit too long, at 775 pages. I think I would like to see the story continue in another book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ I bought this book because it's by someone who has a lot of experience with the field. The fact that it's not a bestseller is a big turn off for me, but I'm sure it was the author's intention that this would be a "must-read" book for people in this field. However, as a book, I think this book has a couple of major problems. First, the information on the subjects discussed are very sparse. This makes it very difficult to understand the content. It also makes it difficult to read the book. This book is really written in the form of a question-and-answer session that was conducted by the author. As a result, it's difficult to follow the discussion. This is especially true if the reader doesn't have a great deal of background knowledge in the field of computer security. For example, in the discussion about how to build a secure file system, there is a long section on the "secure boot" standard, a feature which is still in use on the majority of modern computers. This standard is not just a security feature, but is a standard that is required by the Linux operating system. It is not clear to me why this information is not in the book; this is a major oversight. I can see why the author would want to include this information, but as a reader, I'm disappointed that this is not included. It's not an oversight on the author end, but it's a mistake on the part of the publisher. This kind of thing happens a lot with this kind of book, and it's disappointing to see that this kind has a tendency to be made. The second problem is that the book is not really written from the point of view of a person in this particular field. It seems to be written from a perspective that is very similar to a marketing position for a computer company. For the most part, the book covers the information that the author learned in the marketing role, which is really a very limited view of the topic. There are a couple things in this book that I would like to have seen addressed. First is the issue of why the "big five" are still important. The "big six" are the primary suppliers of the major computer manufacturers. For almost all of these companies, the "small three" and the "new six" (Novell, HP, IBM, and Dell) are their only major customers. The only reason the big six are still
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I read this book with a passion, and I didn't enjoy it one bit.   This book is an exercise in self-delusion. There is a book about the life of Jesus Christ, called The Life of Jesus. The author of this book writes that he knows everything about Jesus. He has studied his life closely, and has come to the conclusion that Jesus was a fake.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book is a bit of a pain in the neck to read. The story was interesting, but it just seemed to get away from me quickly. It felt rushed, as though the author was trying to do too much at once, and that was the only thing that kept me reading. The author did try to cover a lot of ground, but the amount of info that he provided was just too much. The plot was pretty basic, but that didn't stop me from reading it. I will probably re-read this book when I get the chance. Overall I didn't feel as though I was learning anything, and I did feel that this book was rushed. ___________   If you like: _________________  If not, then: ______________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A book is not a masterpiece. It is a collection of experiences and ideas. And when a book is good and bad it's still good.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________  "I am disappointed. This book was boring, poorly researched and a poor representation of the world. The main character is an idiot who thinks he is right because he has "the book". The plot was boring and the writing is horrible. I was never a fan of the way the author wrote this book. I don't understand why a book called The Great American Novel was published in 1950. This is a stupid, shallow story with a poorly written plot and bad characters. I'm going to have to stop reading it."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that the book's style is really odd, and the author has an annoying habit of writing very long paragraphs. The author uses words like "sadistic" "violent" and "evil" to describe his characters, which makes the book seem more like a psychological thriller than a story about a guy who kills people. The characters are too often one-dimensional, and don't develop the same way as the main characters in the books I read. I really didn't enjoy this book.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either.  I think it's very interesting that in a world where all men are born evil, it is very rare to find a character that is good.   Most people are born with dark, evil, or just plain sadistic sides, and there is only a small percentage of people that are good and kind and are good in their hearts. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________   This is the third book in a series, and is not as good as the other two. The characters in this book, though well drawn, are dull. I really wanted to like the characters, but there is nothing interesting about them, and I do not understand how a book can be good if the characters are so boring.   The characters in the book are not the most interesting ones. The main character, the leader of the resistance, is very good, but she is the only one with a purpose, and she has a very limited life. The other two are just dull and don't get enough time to do anything but stand around and look pretty. I wish they were less boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This book has nothing to do with the movie, and it's not even a good movie. If it had been about the movie it would have been okay, but this book is about the book. The characters are all bland and boring. The ending was so lame that I will never buy a sequel. I can't recommend this book to anyone. It's like reading a book with the name of a movie on the front. I would rather watch the movie than read this book. I will keep this book on my shelf for when I want to read a good book about a good tv show.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I had a lot of expectations about this book. I expected a lot from a book about the ancient world. I was really excited about the historical accuracy in this book and the author has a very detailed history of the world in the book. However, this book was so bad that I didn't even want to finish it. The main character is an extremely boring character. The story begins with a prologue in which the main character explains that he is an archaeologist and is the son of a great king. The prologue then spends almost the entire book with him describing what his father told him about how he was created and how he is destined to be the next great king, and then he leaves. At the end of the book he returns to the city where he grew up to visit the home of his mother who is dying. He spends the rest of the time explaining to his mother what happened to him. This is followed by a few chapters on his father. He has the most interesting conversations with his father and spends time in the past and the present, but he is so much like his father he doesn't really get much time to develop. After he returns home his mother tells him that he's going to have a daughter and tells him not to bother with the palace but that he should spend time with his daughter. He's also told by his father that he will die soon and he should make sure that he has a good wife to go with him. After spending time with her and the rest the characters I decided to just skip the rest. I have been told by several people that this book is a very accurate and accurate account of ancient Greece, but to me it was all about the main characters and the history that they tell about. I really hope that some people read this and learn a thing or two about ancient Greece.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   This is one of those books that just gets better and better. I really liked it. I'm a huge fan of the first book, and this is more of a sequel, but it's still a very good book.   As with the first novel, the book is about an author who tries to write a novel about a book that doesn't exist. It is a wonderful novel about an excellent book and the writer who attempts to write about it, with the help of his assistant. This book was published in the 80's so it was definitely ahead of its time. The story is fantastic, but what I liked about the book more than anything was the dialogue. The narrator's voice is just wonderful. He brings an amazing realism to his writing that really adds to the story. The book doesn't end up being that good, but I liked it all the same.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I think that I have had my fair share of bad books, but I just had a really bad experience with this one. I liked the book a lot, but the writing was just really awful, and I just can't figure out how he could have gotten it so wrong, considering the source material. I just don't understand how someone could write such bad stuff with so much talent and passion. I really wish I could find another copy of this book, because I just wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem is the way they were designed, the characters, the plot.  This book was poorly written.  I was not a fan of the characters or the plot, but I have read some good books and it is just not one of them.  The author has a tendency to overuse her characters, and I think that may be the reason the book was so hard to follow.  It is not bad, but it is not a good book.  In conclusion, I give this book a 1/5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book in an open-minded manner. I did not expect it to be an all-time favorite. The characters are very realistic, and the plot is interesting and well-paced. The author is very creative and original in her writing, which I appreciate. The only thing I would say is that this book was a little dry at times, and I felt like there was a bit of a plot hole or two. This could be because of the fact that the author has only written one book (at least from what I can tell) and I do not want to be disappointed with a novel that I am not completely in love with. Overall, I really enjoyed this book. It's a fun read with a unique and interesting plot. It will be interesting to see where this story goes next. I will definitely be purchasing more of her work.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The characters are shallow, the writing is poor, the story is predictable, the worldbuilding is confusing and poorly explained, and the plot is weak. This is a series that is built around the idea that a single "good" human is capable of doing anything, so that he can save the world. The "bad" characters are supposed to be the "good guys" but in this story they are mostly ineffectual. I have read other books in this series and the first one was better than this one.    Would I Recommend This Book?   I am glad I tried it. It was short and the characters were engaging and interesting. I will give this one a chance.  The first two books in the series are excellent.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I liked the book, but I hated the writing.   There are a couple of points that made me want to take it off the shelf, but mostly it just had me annoyed and disappointed.  The first issue is the plot, which is completely unnecessary.  It's a good plot, but it's only used as a crutch to explain the whole book.  I don't think it's the book's fault, but if I were writing it I'd give it a good story instead of a crummy one.  Another issue is that the story is pretty boring.  Even though I've read more than enough sci-fi, I find the stories on this book are really just trying to be cool and that's about it.  This is probably why it's so hard to find an original story on here.  Final Score:    2/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book. I would have enjoyed this more if it were a bit more realistic in its story line and I think that is what makes the story more enjoyable.  This is a story that I would love to read and read again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a bit over the top for a self-help book. The author doesn't make the case that she is special because she is different and that her life is amazing because of it. The writing style is very unprofessional. I am very surprised that someone who is writing a book like this isn't on the best of terms with herself.  She mentions in one of the book's appendices that she likes her body a lot but that it is a lot of work and it isn't fair that she can't go shopping for her own clothes.  This book is too much about her and not enough about other people.  I'm sure the author has a lot to say about herself, but she really doesn't say it.  She doesn't seem to like herself very much.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ ____________. The book is too long and boring. The characters are not very interesting and the book's plot is pretty uninteresting. It is not a very good read. I would not recommend it unless you want to read a bad story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love this book and so do my daughter and husband! I got this book for my 10 year old and her 10 year-old and the 10 year olds all enjoyed it! I am glad I read it!   My only complaint about this book is the ending, but I feel that it is a necessary evil for a young reader to know what happens to her characters when they are no longer young. The ending is a little too long, and it really is a bit too much of a shock at the end.   All in all, I highly recommend this book to all ages. It's a fun story with a wonderful end, and I am very excited to read the next installment.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is good, the characters are likable, and the writing is very good. The problem is that the author was so focused on the world building that she completely forgot to tell a story that has a story. The main character is a girl who was sent to the woods because she was a witch, and she eventually realizes that her entire life was a lie and that she's just as much a monster as the creatures she killed.   The problem is, the author didn't seem to realize that she just threw out a bunch of plot points about her childhood. For instance, she didn't mention the fact that she was always told that her mother was a monster who would turn her into a beast, so she didn and she grew up thinking that. She didn't explain why she was sent off to the wilderness to live a wild life where her father would be there and be a monster to her. There's also a lot of unanswered questions about what happened to her father, and how he became a monster, which I'm assuming was to prevent her from becoming one of them.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A book written by a former teacher is a good one, but I felt it was a bit over-hyped. The idea of this book was really cool, but the story line was a little confusing. The writing style was also a bit of a letdown.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I found this book to be a horrible read and a disservice to all who love great science fiction. The first half of the book is about a space ship, called the Triton, that's crash landed on the planet "Eden" with three colonists. The Tritan's crew is a mix of humans, aliens, and a few non-human races. It's not a particularly good book, but it has some good ideas. The story itself is a bit long and dull, and the main character, Triti, is a boring and one dimensional character. I also found the story confusing at times. In the beginning it seems like the main point of the story is to explain what happened, but the more I think about it, the more the main plot doesn't make any sense. I thought that the author was trying to create a futuristic setting, but instead created a story that was confusing, repetitive, and repetitively stupid. -------------------------- I'm really sorry to say that this book was a waste of my time and a disappointment. I would give it a 2 or 3, but given that this was the first book by David Brin I wasn't sure how good it was going to be. The idea of the T.R.I.N.N is very interesting and has a lot of potential, but he fails to realize this potential in his story and I don't think he realized this at all. I'm sorry that I wasted the time I spent on this book. I will not be buying anything by Brin, and I will most likely be turning to his earlier books instead. ___________________________________________________________________________ *The only reason this book doesn't get a 1 star is because I still like the concept of the space ship that's been crash landing on a planet.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the first book in the series, The Black Death, but was disappointed that it was only a small part of the whole. The book is full of action, but it is really just a book about a man who comes back to London from the continent and meets a woman who is dying. It was pretty good, but didn't really do much to make the book stand out in my collection.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I have not read a book like this since a lot of books that were in the 70's... This is a good story and is very well written... If you like mystery you will like this book. I am going to read the second half of the book because it looks like I will like it as well...
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This is a book that I read several years ago but it doesn't give me the same sense of nostalgia it used to. This is a story about a young girl who wants to live an adventurous life, but has a fear that her father might be a dangerous man. The story is interesting, but unfortunately not that gripping. "
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I read this book because my mom wanted me to and I thought it would be something different than anything else I have ever read. It's a good book, but the writing isn't good. It doesn't have a strong story to tell and the book reads a lot like a diary. I didn't feel like I was reading a diary but more like an account of a day. The writing doesn't do it for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to be blunt. This is a bad novel. The only reason I kept going back to it was because I'm a huge fan of John Scalzi.  This book is terrible.  The story is a mess.   "She's a good soldier, but not that good"   The book starts off with a great premise.  It's a time-traveling adventure about a woman named Lila who travels back in time to her own era and falls in love with a man.  Then the story starts to go off the rails.  The story starts off strong but goes downhill pretty quickly.  Here's the thing:  If you're going to use a time travel device, then you should at least use a good story.  This story falls flat.  At some point, the story becomes very obvious.  There's a major plot hole.  One that I'm willing to overlook because it's just not a big deal.  But it still seems like a major omission.  And I'm glad the author didn't just throw it in there for the sake of doing so.  I understand the author's need to throw a time machine in there to throw us off.  Unfortunately, that plot hole doesn't get fixed.  If the book hadn't had a huge plot hole, it might have been okay.  Maybe it wouldn't have been the same book.  Or maybe the book wouldn't even have been called Time Traveler's Wife.   I guess the point is: if you're using a time travelling device, you need to make sure it's a really good story or the plot hole will be all you have to deal with.  Otherwise, you're just wasting your time. The characters are bland.  For all the great things that Scalzi has done with his characters, there's still a glaring lack of depth to any of them.  In fact, there is a glaring need for them to be more developed.  We have a bunch of characters who are just there to be used.  Every one of them is a blank slate.  So they're just there for no reason.  When I think about what a great protagonist I should be, I'm not really thinking about the great characters that Scalisi has written in the past.  My thoughts tend to be the ones that people write in reviews.  Why is she doing this?  Why doesn't she just
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to this one. I've been looking forward for a while now to read a story about a person that I don't really know very well and I'm very interested in how that story will be told.  Well, it wasn't that good.   It's hard to describe a story where the character doesn't grow in any way.  I feel like there's a part of me that is left out of the story.  It's not that the characters were bad, but the story doesn't really develop them that much.  There are a few bits where they're getting close, but then they don't go through with it.  It's like the author wanted the book to be the book where I had to think that the book was trying to tell me something.  She's just trying to make me think she knows what she's talking about, but it just doesn't.  This is just a story that's trying to be a story, but she just doesn the story wrong.  And in the end it's not even that interesting.  A bad book needs more than a handful of good lines, a couple good twists, and a story with good characters.  That's a book I don and I feel that this book isn't that.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A very good story but a very poor execution. It is very easy to lose yourself in the story and not think about how it fits into the rest of the series. If you like books with action and suspense and suspenseful endings, you will love this. If not, I'm not sure what you want.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a bad one. There are many bad books out there, but this one was especially bad, in my opinion. I found that it was mostly about the bad choices that you make. You can tell that she is trying to make this a romance, but it's a mess. I wish I could give it 1 star but I can't. I am going to have to find a new read. 4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "A tale of love and sacrifice and hate, and what makes a man. This is the book that made me a fan."  --H.P. Lovecraft, "The Thing on the Doorstep"
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I loved this book. It's a fantastic, well-crafted story that's fun, and there are a few surprises along the way. I'm glad I got it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I read this book at a public library on a Sunday afternoon, just as I had been craving something a bit lighter, more adult, and more intellectual than I'd normally find in my library. It is very much a book for young people, not so much for adults, but certainly not for those who have grown up with a strong dose of Christian-based literature. It has all the ingredients one might expect to find in a YA novel: the young people are a little awkward and self-conscious, and even more self-critical than their parents are, but they're also determined to keep the secret of their supernatural powers a secret, even if that means going to extreme measures to avoid getting a taste of their own medicine. It's all a little reminiscent of, but not exactly the same as, the book I've just reviewed. But this is a good YA book that will keep you wanting more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I'm going to start this review by saying that I'm pretty disappointed with this book. I'd read it just to hear the words that the author said in the back of the book. But that wasn't it at all. This book is filled with a bunch of "woe is me" type stories. There is no actual plot to it. There's no actual character development. There are no actual emotions. It just seems to be all about the "weirdo" characters and the author's frustration. I don't really like the way the author goes about doing these "weIRDO" stories. In this one I felt like there was nothing I could do about the story. It was a sad story about someone who is not happy with the world around them and it was all based on their weird behavior. The author never really talks about what they're actually doing in the story but just what they think they're doing. I think it's kind of creepy to me how he just keeps writing the same thing over and over again. He writes about the characters that they think are weird and that they want to write about. He never actually goes in and talks to these characters. I guess he was just writing to get a reaction from people. I was disappointed that I wasn't able to find any enjoyment from the story in this book because I really wanted to. I wanted to know what they were thinking and feeling. I would have liked to know more about the people and the places that they were going. It seems like it would have been more of a character driven book. In short this book is not a good book. It's very repetitive and doesn't have much going for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This book is bad. I read it in a couple of sittings, and it was very boring. There are some good points, such as the concept of the "new world", and the history and philosophy of the United States, but they don't outweigh the bad. The author spends a good deal of time trying to convince the reader that this is a "post-apocalyptic" novel, and that is simply not the case. The book takes place in a world where the United Nations has destroyed the United State of America (USA) by an atomic blast, so the story takes place after the events of the first book. There is not a single scene in this book that could be considered post-apoc. I know that there is a lot of talk about the "United States of America", but the USA did not fall into the sea, the USA was not destroyed, and the USA is not in a state of collapse. The United States of AMERICA is still here. The USA is the main character of this book, but it is a very weak one. I would rather have been reading about a world of mutants, robots, and space aliens instead of one where the USA has been completely wiped out. The last section of the book is all about how this is the "end of the world" and it has been "foretold" for a long time. It's interesting, but I don't think the author really has a good idea of what is going to happen to this world, or how things will end. If you are looking for a good post-Apoc novel, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time. The only reason I read this book is because of the review by John F. O'Brien and because of that, I will be re-reading the book when I finish it.   The story is interesting enough to keep you reading through, but you will have to read a few chapters to understand what is going on.  I guess it's the author trying to do something different and not repeat what was done before.  "This is a book about a young boy named T.J. who is kidnapped by aliens. The aliens take him to another planet that looks a lot like Earth and there he finds a girl.  He falls in love with her. They are married, have a baby and then the aliens attack Earth. The book ends with a final battle between T. J. and the aliens. It's interesting to see T.  J.'s thoughts on his wife and the love he has for his baby. The story is fairly short, but I'm glad to read about a good sci-fi story and I'll probably re-read this book when it's over." - John F O'Brien, The Science Fiction Review If you've read this review and you want to know more about the book, here are the links: Amazon Page   Amazon Bookstore Page
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- "If you have a copy of this book and don't like it, I guess that's okay. I was really expecting to enjoy this book, but I really didn't. It was dull, boring and confusing." -Dennis G. on Amazon.com
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________   This book was a good one. I loved the story and the way it was told. It was an easy read, I would have liked a little more of the history and the people that were involved. The ending made it seem a bit pointless.   I'm sure it was written to be the first book of the series but I was a little disappointed with the last one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does a great job of making us empathize with the characters, but in the end, the story is so poorly written that the reader is just left wondering what the hell happened to them.  It's really hard to care about people who don't make any sense at all.  If you really wanted to know what was going on in the lives of the characters you'd have to read it a third time.  And that would be an awful waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is very good and is very easy to read. However, it has very poor writing. This book is written like a story, with a beginning, middle, and an end. However it is very hard to make any sense of the story. I can only think of a couple of times where the characters actually talk. One of the most important parts of a story is how well the characters are connected to each other. The story is good, but it is really hard to follow the characters through the entire book. This is a very good book, but if you don't have a strong interest in writing a book like this, you might want to think twice before picking it up.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a great book and a really fun read. I love the characters, and the main one I really like, and that's why I picked it up. I think the writing is great, it's a good combination of comedy and serious, it takes a different approach from most books, and it's just a lot of fun. But there are so many things I don't like about this book.   1. The characters are stupid.     This book has a lot more than just stupid people. The main characters are so stupid that they get their own page. They are not likeable.   I've got no idea what the world is like. I'm just supposed to be taken with how stupid they are. And I just don't get it. I don' t think that's a smart way to write a story.  2. The story isn't very good.          The writing is pretty good. I like the fact that it's different from most fantasy. It's not as deep and thought provoking as a lot. But it's fun, and not overthought.   And I enjoyed the characters. I really liked the main character, the one I like, which is why I bought the book. The side characters, not so much. There is a lot to dislike in this book, but it's not really as bad as the previous book, The Name of the Wind.   There are things I really wanted to see. I want to see what the story is going to be like after the next book. There are a lot things I would like to see, but they weren't included. The world building is great but there is a little bit too much of that in the book, and I think it detracts from the story. I would have liked to see more of the world.   The writing is good, but the story itself is just so dull.   What I didn't like:       1. There are too many character flaws in this one. The ones I didn' t like: a. I didn t like that the main protagonist, Kvothe, was the only one with any common sense. He is a dumb character. He should have known better. He was a child. He got all the answers before anyone else, and still got caught. It was frustrating. b. I wasn't a fan of the "doom-mong
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________  I thought this was a pretty good book on the basics of the subject. But I don't like the way it was written and I think that's why I have not read more books on this subject. I found that it was all very technical and I couldn't follow much of what he said. But as I'm not a scientist I can't say for sure if the techniques he used were effective. But it does give you an idea of the basics and should give you some confidence that it's possible to grow plants with a little effort.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is the most boring thing I have ever read. I could not get the gist of the book, I could barely understand the author, I felt like I was going to die after reading the book. The ending made me want to throw the book in the trash. I wish I could give this book zero stars. It is a waste of your time."   "I have no idea what to say about this book. I read it twice. I've had it on my bookshelf for years. But it is just so boring."   the first time i got it, i didnt have a clue what to think about it. i wasnt sure if this was a parody or not. but, after reading it again, i'm really not sure if it is or not, but i liked it. so, if youre thinking about getting this book, i highly recommend you get it. it is a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I would give this book a negative rating, but I think the book is pretty good. This book was really good. It was interesting and well written. I loved the plot, and I loved that the author was an expert in all things to do with birds. This was the first book in the Birds of America series and I would definitely recommend this book to others who love birds. I would not recommend this to those who are not interested in birds, or to people who want a more academic book. If you want a good book about birds, read Birds of a Different Color by Richard E. Bate. I did not like this book as much as Birds of Africa, but it's still a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A great story about the life of a famous American athlete. I am not the biggest fan of sports fiction but this book is not only a good story but also very good at describing the world of pro athletes.   The only thing I disliked about this book was that the story was over way too fast. It was hard for me to get invested in the main character and in his life. He is an interesting character but the story of his life seemed too short. It did not help that I felt like I was reading the biography of a sports star instead of a story about an ordinary person.     I gave this book 3 stars because it is a great story and I was not bored.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best I can say is that this book had so many problems that I was sick of reading it.  I was tired of the fact that it was the same story told over and over again.   I had to re-read the first book to make sure I had read it right the first time.    This book is one that is written for an audience of one.  The book is written to entertain children, not to teach them how to be good people.  This book is about two friends named Nick and Kelly who go to a zoo and try to befriend some animals.  They do not succeed.  After some time, they decide to leave the zoo because they want to go home.  However, they do not know where they are and the only way to find out is to find the animal they went to the zoo to get and kill it.  The story of the book is very simplistic.  One thing I did like about this book is that the main characters are not bad people. They are trying to do the right thing but they are not good at it. I think it is because of the writing style of the characters that makes this book feel very superficial.  In my opinion, this book should not have been published in a children's book section.  I did not find it interesting and I found the characters to be a little annoying.  For example, I was annoyed with Kelly because she kept trying to tell Nick to give her the animal he was trying to get.  As a result, she was very rude to Nick.  She seemed to be very upset about something she did.  It was annoying to read that because I knew she was upset. I liked the main character of Nick and I really wanted to like him but the writing just made me very annoyed and not interested.  He was not interesting or a good person. I wish that they had just used Nick to make him a friend.  Overall, I would have not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a good book.  It was well written, but there are too many mistakes in the writing to be enjoyable.   If you want a good story, read the first one, it's a much better story.  2.5 stars:    The best book of the series so far!   1 star:      This book was not worth the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book.  It's so easy to read, but it is not overly long, and has some really great moments.  I really like this book and I hope you all do too!
Write a negative review about a bad book:   "I bought this book because it was one of the few things that I can remember being a child that was completely original. I loved it and it still does, and so much more. "   "This book is a MUST read for any child's library."   * * * *   The author of this book, Dr. David M. Dreyer, is an Associate Professor of Children's Literature at the University of Southern California and an Associate Director of the Children's Literal Interpretation Program at the Library of Congress. Dr. Dreys work has been published in The New York Times, Children's Education, and other newspapers and magazines.   This book begins with a description of a little girl, who has been told that her father is not her real father, but a ghost. The little girl is able to figure out that the ghost is her real dad.  ... the book's message is that the world does not revolve around you. It's up to you to find your way.... a great book for children.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    - I did not enjoy this book at all, but I think the writing style is really good, it is a little slow and the book just goes on and on about something that happens to the main character.   There is really nothing interesting going on in the story at all.  - If you like romance books and want a slow one, this is probably a good one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a huge disappointment. The characters were not interesting, the setting was boring, and the writing was bad. The plot was also not interesting or creative. The main character has a lot of trouble finding the right path to the woman of his dreams. He is so stuck in his ways that he can't even get his relationship with her right. Then he goes back to his normal life when he has to face the fact that he may not have been right after all. The ending was so contrived and stupid that it was not only a waste of my time, but it was also completely boring. I am very disappointed by this book, and I was not disappointed by the last one.  I liked the author's earlier books more. The first two were fun, and they were written in a fun and humorous style. But this book is just plain stupid. It doesn't make any sense. The whole thing feels like it was written by a 15-year-old. The author can't seem to find the right words to make a story, and he even makes himself laugh at times. The book is so short that I doubt there will be much chance of me ever finishing it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read most of the books in this series, but this one really stinks. I think the author is trying to create a fantasy world, but doesn't take into consideration the realities of what it would be like to be in a world where magic is real. I don't even know if magic actually exists. I do not care for this book, and I would never recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a horrible read. It's about a group of people who have been living in a small apartment for a long time. They all had a history with mental illness, but one of them had a terminal illness. She was the only one left. A woman named Dina has been living there for 15 years. Her husband left her after she had an affair with a man who was in the military. Her sister and her husband also left. She is not getting along with her daughter's boyfriend because of his personality. One day she has a breakdown and then takes her own life. There is no plot, no development of characters, and no real suspense.   The book is filled with quotes, and quotes from famous people. The author claims to be a huge fan of John F. Kennedy. This book is nothing but a propaganda piece that tries to make a statement.  , from the very beginning, it's obvious that this book is written for the sake of money. In the beginning, the author says that she was inspired by a famous quote that Kennedy made in the beginning of his life. The quote that is used is: "A time will come when the costs of living will discourage and eventually stop the production of great wealth. There will be nothing left but the production and consumption of waste." This is the most famous quote about Kennedy's life. This is a quote from a biography about the life of Kennedy and his brother Robert that is very important to the author. The quotes are so vague that it's difficult to know what the author meant to say. If this quote was written to be taken literally, it should be the case that we could eliminate waste from the world. If we stop all waste, then there would be no need for all of the work that is needed to survive. It should be possible to produce everything we need, and not need to consume much at all.   (pg. 17) Kennedy was also quoted as saying that if he had to go back in time, he would have never become president. I guess this book was supposed to be an argument that we can get rid of waste. I don't think we will ever get rid off all waste. If waste was eliminated tomorrow, then all of this would just go back to the way it was. If Kennedy had never been president, then no one would be able to afford a house. I think we have a long way to go before we will be able remove all waste from
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  This is what we read: a lot of stuff that is really just not interesting or useful.   My favourite quote from this book:   "The reason the world is so much better than it was before is that people are smart enough to recognize the fact that they have been duped by a clever and dangerous con artist."   So, that's why they buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the best horror book I've ever read.  If you're not into paranormal or horror books, you won't be a fan of this.   The writing style is very modern, and the stories are told very well.  It is the only book I own that I would not have read if I hadn't been looking for a horror book to read. I have no complaints about the book.  I recommend this book to any reader.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- **I found the writing to be really lacking. I don't know what this author's problem was. This book is the worst book I've ever read. I'm going to call it a complete waste of my time.** **It's really frustrating to read this book because the characters are really bland, and I found it very boring, the only thing that kept it from being a complete disaster is the good points about the story. I would have loved to have seen a lot more development in this book.**  48 of 49 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ I am so sorry but I have to tell you I will never buy another book by this author. I just finished the second book in this series and it was horrible. I will not be buying anything from this author and I hope you guys do not think this is an endorsement to purchase these books.  3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- -------------------------- The book is great, and the illustrations are fantastic. The characters are very relatable, and it's easy to relate to them. The story is simple and is easy to follow. It has a nice twist at the end, but I didn't really think it worked well. I thought the ending was predictable, but if you're going to write a story with a twist, it could have worked better. The writing is also not the best, but it gets better as the book goes on. I recommend this book to anyone looking for a good read. I also would like to say that I didn,t like the book because it was written in the 50's, and I thought it was too modern for the time period. It was a little cliche to me, and not very original. It's just a good book, so I'll probably give it another chance.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a horrible disappointment. The author claims that this is the only time that he has used a pseudonym. However, the book is filled with obvious spelling and grammatical errors. There is no explanation of how the author came up with this name. In fact, I can't find a single reference to it anywhere in the book. I have never read a book by this author that was not full of spelling and grammar errors. I don't know who this author is. If you are looking for a quick and easy book on how to write for children, look elsewhere. This book was bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a boring and pointless book that is basically just a collection of short stories with no plot. There are no actual "characters" and the whole book is really just a lot of "sad, depressing, sad stories" - just read the other reviews on here.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the first book I've ever bought from this publisher that I haven't been completely disappointed in. It is full of information about the historical roots of Islam and a number of useful appendices, which are all useful to anyone studying Islamic history. The writing style is good and clear and the historical details are always accurate.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book for a special occasion. I wanted to read a novel with a lot of action and action-packed romance. The book is great, and I'm glad I bought it, but I wouldn't read it again. I got bored pretty fast and was pretty disappointed in the ending. I also found the romance somewhat disappointing.   The book starts off with the main character, Kari, being forced into a marriage. This is a common practice in the region and she is forced to marry someone else to keep the family name. Kari isn't really a bad person. She is just naive, and she doesn't really know anything about her husband and the whole thing is very confusing.     There are several different plotlines that play out throughout the book. Kano, a young boy who is supposed to be in his father's house, has to make the journey to his father to find his mother. He gets lost, and ends up being taken in by his uncle, who is a king's bastard. Kaleo is also in his uncle's house and his uncle wants him to go to the palace to get him to be a good boy. This story is a lot more complicated than it seems at first. The uncle also wants Kano to marry the princess, which would keep his family name and give him a powerful position. Kado wants to escape his family and wants to get away from this man, who has taken his father and left his mother alone. Kadeo also has a crush on the princess. She's beautiful and he wants her.   (hide spoiler)   Kari has been in the army for a few years and she's pretty tough. Her father always says that she can do anything a man can do, so she isn't going to complain. Her family is rich and well off and they have a good lifestyle. Karyne is the princess' cousin, but she isn's not the most popular girl in school. Kaju, Kano's uncle, is also a noble and has many other men vying for his attention. It's a bit confusing because she's married off to the son of a king. Kata is the prince's bastard son. Kato is his older brother, and Kajuju is his uncle. Kati is the daughter of a local man.  's story was really confusing, but the story is so interesting and engaging. The story is very unique and the
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book to get into the world of horror. The only thing that made it even more disappointing is the author's description of it. The characters were all creepy. They had creepy voices and they had really creepy bodies. The book was really well written. The ending was kind of cheesy and the characters were pretty boring. The bad part of this book is that it is over long enough that it just kept getting more and more unbelievable and creepier and more creepy and the end did not really bring any closure to the story.  9 of 9 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited to read this book, and I think I might have been disappointed.  It seems that a lot of people who read this are disappointed by the story line and the lack of character development, but if you like fantasy, I think you'll like this book.  The only thing I don't like about this book is that it took forever to get to the end, and when it finally came, I was expecting some sort of conclusion.   My Rating:   4/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book because I liked a lot of what I saw on Amazon, but after reading it, I am disappointed. The author says in her preface that the book was written "because I needed something to read that was more positive". I know it's a positive book, but it wasn't.  It is about a boy who gets kicked out of school for being a geek. He moves to a new school where he finds himself bullied by a bunch of bullies. His only friend, a girl, has the same issue.  The book started off promising, but quickly became muddled.  It started off by showing the boy as a shy, awkward child who is always being picked on. The book kept going from there, and kept being a book about the bully.  I think the author didn't really know what she was doing with this book, because it went from a book that was trying to be positive to a book I couldn't even remember reading.   There is a part of me that really wants to like this book.  The boy is in a new and different school, and he gets bullied a lot. He also doesn't get much attention from the girls.  He's not getting attention from anyone, and the only girl he has to turn to is the one girl he doesn't like.  Unfortunately, the story goes from bad to worse as the book goes on.  What started out as a positive story is turned into a story about the boy trying to deal with the bullying he is suffering.  Even after reading the story, the book is still not very good.  As the book went on, the author tried to tell a different story, but the book just wasn't working.  This book is written so badly that I wonder how much she actually knows about the real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________.   The Book: I was pleasantly surprised with this one, it's a little different from the other books I have read, but I like it. It's written like a good novella, and as I mentioned before the writing is not great. It seems like the author is just trying to get through it.   Story: The plot is simple, a boy is abducted by aliens and they take him to a strange planet with a huge pyramid, and he is the key to the pyramid. It turns out he is an alien who was the only one who was able to go back in time to prevent a disaster that killed millions.  . The Plot: ______________________________________   Characters: __________________________________________________________________________   Ralph is an 8 year old boy, he loves games and books and is quite a good sport, but his parents are always angry with him and tell him he is going to be a bad boy. His parents are also evil aliens who think he is stupid and don't understand the science behind time travel. When he is 10 years old his parents give him a new body, they have him move to an Earth populated by humans, and they teach him a language. This goes fine until his parents try to make him kill people to make the planet a better place for everyone. They don't even understand what is going on, so when they try to stop him they end up killing everyone on the planet.  , I found this story to be kind of boring, and I found it hard to get into it, so I can't give it 4 stars. It just didn't really interest me.   in my opinion, I think the story should be better because I felt that the author was just trying so hard to make it a science fiction, which it is not, it is a fantasy. The alien's language is a little silly, but it's not bad, just something I didn't like. The writing could be better as well, I feel like the characters weren't fleshed out enough, and the story doesn't really make a good story, but that's just my opinion.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I was really excited about this book, and I was really surprised by how disappointing it was. There was an interesting plot to the book, but it didn't go anywhere, it didn t have a real sense of progression, it lacked any real character development, it was incredibly repetitive, and it lacked the emotional impact that I wanted. I just don't see the point in spending the time on this if the book is just going to be a collection of boring scenes. It really felt like I was reading a fanfic, and that is a bad sign.I am a sucker for a good twist. This book had a good one, but I feel like the twist just kind of lost me. The author has done this before and I feel the author is just trying to capitalize on the popularity of The Mortal Instruments series. I feel that she has lost the plot, and lost my interest in the book. I really don't know how to feel about this one, maybe I just got what I expected, but the ending left me frustrated.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is a collection of interviews with scientists and historians, mostly of the 20th century, about the UFO mystery. The book begins with the famous "flying saucer" sightings, but soon devolves into a series of anecdotes about people's UFO experiences. It's interesting that people are fascinated with UFO's, but the book is pretty dull, I found it boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't like this book as much as the first. I've read a lot of books about this subject, and I still didn't find anything that really stood out to me as bad. The book is about a man that is being treated for cancer. His wife is dying. They are very happy and have been for a while. But he is being told that he needs to see a therapist because he is becoming psychotic. This therapist seems to have a problem with this and his patient refuses to see her. I'm pretty sure I could have found better ways to explain this.   I thought the main problem was that the main character was an old man, and not as mentally fit as he seems to be. But, he is still an interesting and well-developed character.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I got this book from Amazon because I thought the description was a little confusing (it's called "The Great American Novel" - not "The Ugly American Novel") so I looked it up and found this book was a compilation of several earlier books (I think). I didn't like it as much as the other books because I felt that it was a bit too one-note and the author had a tendency to overuse the same quotes from the other authors in it. Also, the author seems to be a bit of a writer's writer (it seems that his writing has improved somewhat over the years, but it was still pretty bad) and his quotes just seem a bit rushed and unoriginal. I will be checking out other of his books and will let you know how it goes.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I found the book to be very boring, and there were too many points to make. I was hoping that the story would change or change to the point that I could enjoy it more, but that never happened. The ending left a lot to be desired. I also didn't understand how the book ended. I guess I am just not in the mood for this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ I just finished this book. It was hard to get through. I found it confusing at times, but the main theme of the book was the use of the "T" word. In the book, "Aunt Anne" said, "I don't have a lot of sympathy for people who use the T word." I can understand her point, because she is not a person who uses the T-word, and she is married to a black man. However, when I looked at the pictures of Aunt Anne, I was wondering if she was really going to say that she doesn't have much sympathy for a person using the T. I was also wondering if this book was written by an Uncle Tom or a White Supremacist. I am not sure which one I am feeling more about. There were also a few references to blacks being "inbred" and a few comments about "black culture." I am just a little uncomfortable reading a book where a black woman is portrayed as being "too educated" or "too intelligent." I was very surprised at how much "too" she said. I do believe she would not be offended if someone called her a "nigger," but I am very offended that she said the T! I am sure that she feels that people should be educated about the racial issues, but I just do not understand her being so negative.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________   I think I'll have to agree with the other reviews. The plot is predictable, but it was written in such a way that the character development is quite interesting.   The problem is that the story is not really that great. It's basically a standard vampire story with a new twist. The protagonist, Alex, starts the book as a vampire hunter. She kills the first vampire she meets, and then becomes friends with her fellow vampire hunter, Sarah. The rest of the book is a series of adventures and love interests with different vampires.     Alex's main problem is her inability to form meaningful relationships. She's often romantically interested in a vampire she knows is a killer. She also develops a crush on a vampire who only dates her because he's attracted to the idea of her as a human. It isn't until the book's final chapter that she finally falls in love with a vampire whom she doesn't know will kill her.   in the first book, the author does a nice job of building up the characters and giving them a backstory. In this book, she doesn a great job of getting us to like her, but her relationships are really only shallow.  , and it really does seem like a case of "too much of a good thing." There are so many characters in the book and all of them get to do a lot of the heavy lifting. There is so much exposition and information given to the reader that the plot feels more like a recap of the first novel. In fact, I've started to question whether the second book is supposed to be a sequel to the first one. Even though this is the third book, I'm still going to pick up the second one because I want to see what happens next.I think this book would have worked much better if the author had spent more time developing the main character and less time explaining the back story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really bad. It's not even that bad, because it's so terrible that it's hard to find anything positive about it. It is very, very poorly written and the prose is uninspired. The characters are all cardboard cutouts and it is painfully obvious that this was done on purpose, to make it as unappealing as possible. There is no suspense, no tension, nothing. It doesn't even make sense, the characters are in a situation they have no idea how to solve, there is no conflict or tension, and the story is so uninteresting it doesn't deserve to be called a book. It just exists to be boring. It makes me wonder what the author's motivation was for writing this. I feel like I should have known better than to put my faith in this book. 4.5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book. I did not like the first book and so I thought this would be a nice break from the story of the first. The book did not disappoint. The main character is a girl, and she does get some development, but not enough to change the negative view of her character. The characters are likable, the setting is cool, and the romance was very sweet. I don't want to be mean or negative about the book, but I did feel like the book could have been done a little better. 1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was good at the beginning but it went downhill fast.   I liked the book the way I first heard it. The first half of the book was interesting. I really liked the idea that there was an evil being who wanted to kill all of humanity but had to be stopped by the power of science. It seemed to make sense that there are certain things we can't understand like the origin of life and how it is possible for a human to have an alien life form in their body.   the second half was just confusing. It seems like the author was trying to make a point about the evolution of humanity. It was obvious that the author didn't understand what evolution was. The book was so confusing that it really doesn't make sense to me.  ,   The author tries to explain that evolution was the reason why we became what we are. This is the whole idea behind the book. It's so bad that I actually thought it was a parody. I don't see how you can possibly make such a mistake as the author did. I would have thought that a person with an understanding of the theory of evolution would have a better understanding of what it means to be a human.  "But what about our ancestors?"  - Well I guess you could say they had a lot of genes copied over from their own species but not so many that we can actually use them to form a life form. The authors description of what happened when we started having babies is completely inaccurate. It is not like we started making clones of ourselves. They were clones of their own ancestors and that is it. That is how it always was and always will be.   and,  , "The evolution of a single gene was no reason to give it the power to shape a new species"  I thought the book said that before, not that it made sense in the way he wrote it. I think that the point that the book is trying to say is that we shouldn't be afraid of the things that we are but we should be afraid that we may lose something in the process. It makes me sad that this book is so wrong about everything it talks about.   (hide spoiler)   If you're going to read a book that makes you say "Oh my god, it's like I've never read anything like this before" then you have done something wrong. It took me a while to figure out what he was trying with this book and
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A really nice little book. It had a lot of really good things in it: the historical facts about the Great Flood and how we got to the ark; the scientific reasoning about why there weren't any more animals on the arks than on Noah's; the moral lessons that we can learn from that story; the fact that there was a time when a lot more people in the world were alive than today; and the lessons we can take from that. The problem is that there are so many flaws in this book.   First of all, the scientific rationale is weak.  It assumes that the water that flooded the world was mostly salt water.  That is a pretty weak scientific argument for the flood.  It doesn't explain how the salt water came to the ocean or how that salt water got to all the places it did.  This is really a bad argument.  The only reason this is a weak scientific reasoning is because the author never makes an argument for how the world would have been otherwise.  Rather, he makes a very weak argument for Noah's flood. He claims that the saltwater came from all the rivers of the world, but the fact is that the only river that flooded was the Nile River.  If the Nile river was the only source of salt water in the earth, how come it got to Egypt but not the other countries?  There are so few reasons why the salt was in the Nile that he could not make a convincing scientific case.  As far as Noah's ark is concerned, he does a terrible job of explaining what would happen if the water came in through a narrow opening.  No one can be sure what the conditions were like at the time of the flood because no one was around to record them.  What the author says is that if the world had been a much larger place before the flood, the arkt was very big.  He also makes a lot about how Noah's family was very poor because the flood destroyed everything he owned.  But again, if Noah's boat was really small, why didn't he just use it to get the rest of the animals?  Why didn't his family just leave the arken and live in a little village?  And if the arck was so small, how did the animals survive the flood?  Also, there are problems with the moral lesson the author gives.  We are taught that we must always look after our families and
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book a while ago and I have to say I didn't enjoy it at all. The characters were a big letdown to me and the plot was boring. I did enjoy the fact that it was about a witch and a werewolf.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an insult to the intelligence of the reader. I think the author is a lazy, incompetent, and arrogant writer. I'm not the only one who has noticed this. The story itself is not so bad. There are some good scenes, and there are some bad scenes, but overall it's a pretty good story. The problems are with the book's ending. It's a nice ending, but not one that will please anyone. I found the ending to be very abrupt. If you've read the previous two books by this author, you will probably understand what I'm talking about. I hope the author takes a look at her writing and learns to not make abrupt endings that don't satisfy. I would recommend this to the bookworm in your life that just wants a good story with good characters, but won't be satisfied by the first two books.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The worst book I have ever read.  I just couldn't get into it.  I couldn't stop reading about how stupid people were and how they were all the worst people in the world.   I really enjoyed the story of the children in the book.  And the ending was just horrible.  I am not going to waste my time writing a review about this book because it is so boring.  You can't read this book for anything except a good laugh.  So if you want a good book to read and don't mind a boring ending, go ahead and read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It was so frustrating to watch this movie go from the first draft to the final product. The book had so much potential, and the movie never lived up to that. The characters were so bland and not at all believable. I was so frustrated with this movie, I really wanted to give it one star.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was awful.  I'm so disappointed in it.  I didn't like this book at all.    It was so poorly written that I found myself skipping chapters because I didn't want to know what happened next.  I had to force myself to keep reading.  There were many times where I just wanted to stop reading because the plot was so contrived.  The characters were not believable.  And I hated the ending.  It seemed like the author wanted to make this into a romance novel, but ended up with a book that I would have to look up in a library because the author just doesn't know what he is doing.  This book was a waste of my time and my money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a woman who is having a bad day. She goes to work one day, and finds out she has been fired because of her pregnancy. It's all pretty bad. She is upset about it, but her husband is supportive, and decides to go for a walk.    This is a very good story.  The only problem is the author uses a very stereotypical (white, upper class, heterosexual) woman as a plot device. The story doesn't even go to the point of explaining what happened in this woman's life. The author could have left it as just a plot devices plot device plot device, but instead she adds on and gives more details about the woman's personal life, like her husband has a history of drug abuse, and she has a child she's going to have, but she wants her child to be born a boy, and her husband can't stand that. It was like the author was writing a love story and made the female protagonist a slut. I really wanted to see a woman come to grips with her situation, but it just seemed like she had a lot more to deal with than I would have expected.  I was so surprised that I felt like I was reading an article written by a feminist blog. I thought it would be a good book to read because it's about a feminist who has lost her job, but the author decided to write a story about a typical upper class white woman's story. That's pretty much a sure sign that the author didn't actually understand feminism, because there's no way a white woman can be feminist.  There are a couple things that I did like about this book. One, it was really funny. The woman is just an idiot, and it's funny. Another thing is that it's clear that the woman had her own personal struggle going on, and I don't think it's too far fetched to say that she could have benefited from therapy. She could have dealt with the depression she's having by doing more research on what was wrong with her. And a good part of this book deals with her mental illness, which I think is a big issue that women face.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's bad!  Bad, bad, bad.  I just don't like it!    Well, actually, I like it, but I just don a   t  don't like reading it.  .  The author just does not know how to write a book and he tries to do it with too many words and it just doesn't work.  He doesn't do any research and the author makes up a lot of stuff.  The main character, Tom, is a little bit slow at first, but then, I found it very hard to get over the fact that he is a robot.  If the author did research on Tom, then he should have told us something about him being a robot or something.  Also, there is a lot wrong with this book.  It's like reading a book written by someone that has never done any real research and is just trying to write something that will sell.  I don't think I would have rated this a 6 because the writing was a little hard to start with, but after the first chapter, it improved and it was fun reading.  I enjoyed it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book.   It was ok, not great, but nothing terrible.  The story is good, but I would have liked more depth in the characters.  It seemed like the author was trying to make her protagonist into a hero.  But there were too many things that she did not explain or do well.  She does not seem to know how to be a writer, nor how to write a story.  This book is not for the faint of heart.  7/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  When you think you're an expert on your subject, it's easy to lose track of how many people are still learning.   Last edited by lonniepenny; 08-22-2007 at 07:28 PM..
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is so bad that it's actually kind of funny"  - Michael Chabon. So, what is this book? Well, in my experience, it is about the way that the way we are used to looking at the world.  We have our ways of doing things that seem like they are a little more logical and scientific than others.    However, when it comes down to it, we are all the same and what is logical and sciencey is just a way of doing the same thing.  And that's what this book is about.  To give a little history of the way humans have looked at the universe over the past few thousand years and what we have come up with over the last several thousand years.  It is also a way for us to explore a different perspective on the world and how we are able to make sense of it all.  The thing that really makes this book great is the way it tackles a lot of big questions and the way each character takes a very unique approach to it.  This book is one that I highly recommend to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem with this book is that it's not funny.  It's not even funny in a good way.  A lot of times it's just silly and childish.   The main characters are really dumb and are basically just the stereotypical dumb-ass.  It's not that they're bad characters, but they just come off as stupid and childish to me.  I found the characters to be really shallow and a little predictable.  There were a lot of moments where they would get to a point and then just go to a different place.  They seemed really stupid and it was hard to like them.  The other thing that I hated about the book was that it was over-the-top.  You can tell they went with the comic book style and it just didn't work.  This book was a huge waste of time.  Overall, I would only recommend this book to people that like action, comics, and people that want a good laugh.  Otherwise, don't waste your time.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "A very entertaining book that is very educational. I am now going to learn more about this great country. Thanks for making me a better American."   This is an excellent book! This book gives us the history of American Indians and how we have treated them as well as the atrocities that they have suffered at the hands of the American government. We are told of how the Native Americans have struggled for survival, the hardships they have gone through in attempting to stay alive and how the Americans treated them. It is a very interesting read and a great way to learn about Native Americans.   I was very pleased with this book and highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was ok, the writing was good, but I couldn't really care for the main character, the whole book was just too boring. The whole plot was a waste of time. I would have rather have read a story about the characters having fun, or some sort of romance, instead of a bunch of people having sex for no reason. The only thing I liked about this book was the art. I loved the art of the drawings. I also love that there was an ending, but the ending of this book is the only thing that ruined this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ ____________ The book is terrible! The author is a liar. He is a fraud. The story is not true. The book makes me sad, very sad. I want to throw it out the window, it is terrible. My boyfriend and I have been talking about reading this book for about a year now and finally got the chance to. I don't know why this book is written in the first place, I can see it being a very entertaining book, but the truth is the book is NOT worth the time it takes to read it. It is not worth the price. I do not know what the author did to this book to make it so horrible but he needs to be held accountable for the damage he has done. If you have not read it already I do NOT recommend it. If I can say this book I was disappointed in it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   ... Well, I read this book about two years ago. I don't remember the exact details, but the story is about a girl who was a bit of a freak before she died of an illness. The illness was very bad and her life was very sad. It's a very sad book, but I thought it was very well written and it didn't take itself too seriously.   The writing style:  "He was the most terrifying man I'd ever met." The narrator is describing a group of people who meet up to do some strange stuff.  I thought it could have been worse:       .. The story is told in third person from the point of view of one of the characters. The author describes the actions of the group as if they are happening to them. This is not a bad way to tell a story but I would have liked to see the characters interacting more with each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book, but I couldn't finish it because it was so hard to read. I kept trying to figure out the point, but couldn't figure it out. I had to put the book down and come back a few hours later to try again. I am so disappointed, but the author deserves to be called out for writing something so hard for the people who can't understand. I think the story is well written and well presented. I wish I could have seen it before I started reading. It would have saved me the frustration. I don't know how many more times I will have to try to finish this book. I just can't get past the story.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________. I'm a fan of the first book in this series, but the sequel, while a good book in itself, wasn't as great as the first. _______________. I loved the book as a standalone, but it's not quite as good as the previous one, which I enjoyed. ______________________________________.   My Rating: __________________  (Note: All ratings are based on my own personal opinion of the book, which may not match that of other readers.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My favorite part about this book was the cover art.   I love this kind of art that is very easy to read.  I'm glad I bought this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I'm a big fan of horror fiction, but this book was way too long for me. It was boring and repetitive.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an uninspired book and the author's name is a poor attempt at a pun, the first half of the book is just an exposition of the characters' backstory while the second half is just a set up for a series of events that do not justify the setting or the characters.  It's just boring, boring boring and a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I really wanted to like this book, but the book ended up being more of a chore to read than an enjoyable read. I enjoyed the premise of the book, and the book had a good amount of action, but as the book went on, it got less and less exciting. -------------------------- I don't normally give bad reviews, but I'm giving this one a bad rating because it wasn't worth the time it took to read. The author says in the beginning that the book is about a man who is being forced to go through something he's never done before, but it never really clicked for me. It didn't take me to the place the book was going to take me. --------------- A very strange and very bad book that I wouldn't recommend at all. ------------- I loved this book. I had so much fun reading it. It was great. I recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've read some of the reviews and I agree with them, it's not bad, but not good either. The plot is fairly standard, though some characters do come off as a bit too much like cardboard cutouts and that's not really a good thing. The writing is good, though, the characters are likable, but it's just not the book I wanted to read.   The characters:   1. A little too much of a good person. I didn't like the fact that he got his parents killed and then he tried to help his sister find a place to live. I like to believe that most people aren't like that, but he's kind of like that.  .   is a nice guy and is very likable. I also liked that he wanted to help but he didn't know how.   the thing that bothered me about this is that there were so many times that I had to stop reading because I was too tired to keep up. It was a good idea to make him likeable but I wish they had just made him like the main characters.   I guess that's the thing about writing a character well, they're just so likable that you get a little tired of them. I liked his sister, but she just was so over the top, she was just so over in her own way. It's almost as if they didn't really have much to do with each other, they didn's just do things for each other that you would think that they would have a better understanding of.   a lot of the book seemed to revolve around her and his brother, so it was kind of odd. They had so much to say, but when you stop and think about it it's kinda boring. I don't think they needed to spend so much time with eachother.  , though. is just so much more likeable than her sister. He's more caring and caring about others than she is. I'm not a big fan of books with two different male characters, but the way that they were portrayed was just very well done. I just loved how they both were so unlike the other, I'm really glad I picked up this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- The last book I read by this author had a plot so bad I thought he was an asshole. Well I'm glad I read this book. It has been years since I have read any of his other books. I really liked this one. There was a plot twist at the end but not too much. I liked the characters so much. The only thing I didn't like was the bad plot. I think it was a book about an old man who had been a bad guy but who got redeemed at the very end. I don't know if I would recommend this one to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The best place for books, coffee, and a good book-nighter.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ I hate to tell you, but the book is a complete disaster. This book was supposed to be a look into the world of professional sports, but instead it's an excuse to talk about how much I hate the world. It was a very short book, and I felt like the author was going through her own problems. She seems to have some problems with her writing, and her writing style isn't that good either. I was hoping to learn something about how the book ended up being published. It doesn't feel like she's a professional writer. I guess the book just doesn't do anything for me. I just don't think this book will ever get published. I'd rather read a book about the problems in the world, such as poverty, disease, etc.  The Review: _______________________ This book is so bad that I am glad I've never read a word of it. I hate sports so much I can't stand sports. I'm not even really a fan of football and it doesn't help that the author has a hard on for sports teams. The main problem is that the book has such bad grammar and is so confusing that I have no idea what is going on and how it relates to the rest of the book. It's not just that the grammar is bad, it's also that the information in the book isn't actually correct, but rather just something that the reader was supposed find interesting. I think the author wanted to make a book that was interesting, but it doesn the wrong things about the world and does things like have a team of people in a city who are always on the phone and have to take care of their own personal problems. It also has a lot of references that aren't even relevant to the story, like people who have an addiction to watching sports and being "the center of attention". It's so poorly written that I can only say that I would avoid it if I were the author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I didn't like about this book was the plot.  If you are looking for a good mystery with some suspense then this is the one for you.    The main character was really cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's not as good as you want it to be, but it's better than it's going to be."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I got this book because my husband said it was good and was looking for a light read.   This book was really bad.  The writing was terrible.  They took the fun out of it and made it into a boring, hard to read novel.  Also, the ending was not very good.  So much time was spent on talking about why she doesn't want to see him.  It just got annoying and annoying and not very interesting.  If you want to read a book about a girl who has a crush on a boy she is supposed to date, then go for it.  But if you want something a little more fun, then I don't know what to tell you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was very good, but the end left a sour taste in my mouth, I felt it was very unfair that a "master class" should end with such a disappointment. The author is very nice and he did an excellent job, but it seems as if this book was just an excuse to show the reader some "examples" and that is it, it's not a guide to the art of writing. I would have rather have seen a little more from the author.  7 of 8 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- --------------- The story of this book is good. It is a story of an odd family with a very odd name. The family, the people, the life, the love, and the weirdness are there. But I was very annoyed by how there were several "themes" in this story that were not well thought out or executed. I have seen several similar stories with a similar theme and this one did not do it justice. The ending, as in a lot of other stories, is a little strange. It feels like the author is trying to say something but not quite getting it. I found myself thinking "where the heck is my life going" a few times. I also found the "magic" that was in this book to be rather silly and unrealistic. The magic was almost always in the form of magic spells that made things happen. The thing that really got to me was the fact that the characters were so unsympathetic. It was as if the author just couldn't come up with a good way to show the different kinds of people in a family. I was wondering how a person could get so stuck in one job, or a relationship, or even a life, that they can't see how their life is truly going. It's not that the author made a bad story but I just felt that there was not enough depth in this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had been hoping to read this book for years, and finally got it at last. I had heard nothing but good things about it, so I was quite pleased to see it actually come out. It's a book that needs to be read, and read often. The prose is engaging, and the ideas are interesting. If you are into the New Age, or the occult, this book is an excellent choice.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________.  4 of 5 stars M.R.Reed. The book is very good. The characters are very well written and I enjoyed reading the book very much. I think that the main problem that I have with the book is that it is very predictable. It is hard for me to imagine the next plot point. However, I still think that it has a lot to offer to the readers. I recommend it to all the fantasy fans out there. , August 6, 2008, 1 star
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you read it, you will not understand why this book is so terrible.   This book has been called a "myth".   The only thing that makes it so popular is that it is so ridiculous.  I did not even like it.  This is a book that I am sure is not going to go anywhere.  If this is the best it has to offer, then I guess I'll be glad to not have to buy another book like it anytime soon.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring! The characters are so lame and annoying, the plot is so lame that it's hilarious! I can't believe I ever bought this book, but I can still remember every detail of it and can still see how it could have been done much better. It's like the author wanted to be a writer but was too lazy to learn to write. I didn't like this book one bit. Overall:    Overall, this book was a disappointment. It was really boring and didn't have any real characters, it was hard to care about anything, the story was so lame, and it didn't really have any plot. If I ever get a chance to read a book by this author again, I'm probably not going to bother.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really bad, really really bad. It takes a lot of the fun out of reading. It is not a very funny book, and there are many typos throughout the book. I don't know what the author was thinking with this book, but it's not good at all. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone, unless you are looking for a very fast read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The novel was interesting but I found the ending unsatisfying. The plot seems to be about a young man who wants to be an author but gets a bad reputation when he's caught cheating on his wife, and it's all very typical of what happens to many men in this country in the 1950s."  I agree with that last sentence. This is a novel about the author trying to be a writer, and the writer is caught cheating and getting a bad rep. The author is not an exception to the rule. The writer has bad rep in this book, and if she doesn't fix it she won't get another book contract. The story has no point, it's just a series of chapters with no end. I have seen worse books, and this one falls far short of the standard.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________ I read the first half of this book in a day, and I don't like it at all. I'm not going to spoil the plot by giving away the ending. However, I will say that this book is a little on the slow side. I would say that it's in the middle of the "mildly interesting" spectrum. It does have a very strong female lead, but I feel like the author is writing for a male audience and is not going for anything that is really a little different from the book they already have. I don;t have a problem with the female lead; she is likable enough, and she's just a girl. The book is about a group of friends that are a little lost in life. There's the girl who's always been around the corner, and the guy who's never been good at talking to people and always gets picked on by people. There are also the nerdy girls who aren't really interested in being with the guys, and there's the guy that's never liked the nerds that much. They're all very different, and none of them really get along. One girl has just gotten into college, and wants to go out to party and get laid, while another is in her 30s and doesn't want to go anywhere with her friends. I didn't enjoy this book, and it wasn't very interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   This is the first time I've tried to review a book in a bad mood, and it just didn't work. I had hoped for more depth to this book (I've only read one book by him) but the characters just seem like cardboard cutouts, which is bad enough in itself. It's so obvious that the author is just making it all up that the plot seems totally pointless to me. He gives us all this interesting information about his research, but what's the point of all this? Why did he choose this subject? I just felt like he was trying to create a better image for himself (which he admits in the book) and it's pretty obvious he failed. He tries to be clever about it, saying "It was more a case of 'The subject was interesting enough that I had to do something about it.'" but there is no point.   I did like how he was able to give the reader a lot of information about the subject, but he fails to put the research into context. This was especially true in his chapter about the "unpleasantness" of the topic, which seemed to just be him trying to come up with a story. I don't know why he didn't go into detail about the specific research that lead him to this conclusion, or why he chose to focus so much on how the topic was unpleasant (and it was, in my opinion). I just don't understand why the author was so invested in the topic (and how it was unpleasant) to begin with.  's book is a bit more focused and has more of a plot, but it just doesn't work for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I loved this book, but I don't like many of the things they did. The narrator is a little annoying, and they make him sound very stupid (which isn't true) so he sounds like a really good character. They really need to learn to edit. The only other thing I disliked about the book was the main character. He was really annoying, especially to the readers. It seems like he's always thinking of himself. He is like a dog or a cat that is always looking for attention.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have no problem with this book, but I felt like there was an inconsistency between the events described and the events which actually happened to the character. There was no logical explanation for why she was so determined to go to the gym. She said she did not want to get fat, but she was already a pretty large woman, and she would not be able to move around the room and workout.   There was no explanation as to why she needed to go. If I was a student in a college that did not offer gyms, I might be able tolerate this book and think that I was reading about a person who just needed to exercise. But since I am a student who takes a lot of gym classes, I am going to be asking my friends why they need to take gym classes. I guess my biggest complaint is that I just think there is a lot missing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The main problem is that it's a terrible book to read. It's over a year in the making, but even now it still isn't good enough to read."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I received this book for free through Goodreads and was excited to read it. It has all the makings of a good book. It's a historical novel that takes place in the Middle Ages and is told from the perspective of two different characters. The first character is a monk and the second is a woman. I was disappointed with the second character. The writing style is very slow and I felt like the author was really getting to know the characters. I also felt like he knew exactly what he wanted to accomplish with this book. But that's just my opinion. I liked the characters and the writing style, but I wish I would have gotten a different book. 7 of 7 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was so excited to read this book, I bought it immediately and was so upset when I found out that it was a bad read. I've heard so many good things about it, so I thought it would be a good one. It was the first one I've read in a while, so it was good to go back and revisit. I had a lot of fun with it. The characters are pretty well-written, and I liked that they were all very different. I think that they all did pretty well for themselves, but I just didn't feel like they really connected to each other. I also think that a lot about the book was left up to the reader's interpretation. The last few chapters felt a bit out of left field. I didn't like any of them. The author tries to be subtle in some things, but it seems like he doesn't understand that when you put something out in the public like that, you have to be more careful about how you put it out. He tried to use the characters' relationship as a way to help the reader get to know them, but that didn't work out too well. I really wish I had been more forgiving about it. I'm sure it's not the best book ever written, but a lot better than a lot worse.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best way I can describe this book is that it's a bunch of bad movies. It's a pretty bad movie, but it's also kind of good.  If you've ever wanted to see some more of James Franco's face, this might be the book for you.    The only thing about this book that I really loved was the fact that Franco has a great voice, and I would recommend this to anyone that's a fan of James' work.  2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a good book from this author, but he didn't live up to his hype. He tried to write a thriller about the life of a young boy who is adopted by a woman who is a witch, but the story turned into a love story. The story of the witch and the boy is interesting, but it's the other characters that took me out of the story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story of this book is very good, the characters are very well drawn, and the prose is clean. The story starts out with an interesting premise. It starts out as a thriller, and I liked it. The characters were well developed and the action scenes were very well written. The main problem is that this book goes in the direction of fantasy. There is some violence in this book, but there is also a lot of sex. The sex is very hot and is pretty well done. The action scenes are pretty good, and there are some good twists. The plot is very interesting, but the characters didn't feel very well developed. There are no new characters introduced and we only learn about the main characters. The book is a little over half way through and I am getting a little bored. The ending was also a little weak. I was expecting some big climactic fight or some crazy twist. Instead, we got a happy ending that left me wondering what would happen next.   I gave this book a 3.5.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed that this book was a complete waste of my time. It was very slow to read. I'm not a huge fan of slow reading. It makes me think that there isn't much to say about the book, and when it gets to the end, the author makes a joke out of it and it makes me want to read the next book in the series, but I'm pretty sure this is going to be the last.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so dull and dry it's like you have been reading the same book over and over again. The only interesting thing in this book is the last chapter where the author tries to say something about the current state of education. He does a good job of trying to be entertaining but there's nothing interesting to say. The worst thing is he is trying to write something about a change in the education system but then makes it sound like it's a bad thing because it's not like the old school was that bad. I don't think this book deserves the 3 stars it has because it fails at everything it attempts.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've seen the movie. I don't want to spoil the ending. I did enjoy it, but I think that the plot was very thin and I'm a bit disappointed by the ending and the way it was presented. I thought it was a good movie with a good ending but I don' The movie:  I haven't seen the book, but the trailer is a little scary and the book is about a kid who gets possessed by a monster and is saved by his dog, who then transforms him into a werewolf. I'd heard of this book, and loved the trailer. I didn't expect to like it as much as I did, but it was very good. The book had a much more suspenseful and horror-like feel to it. The book:    The dog was really cool and I think I'm going to get him for my sister! I'm looking forward to getting this book too. It's got a lot of different ideas and ideas and a lot I like about it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The narrator of this book is horrible.  It's like they didn't even try to capture the feel of a young man's adolescence.  It's almost as if the author is trying to make his character relatable by making him seem like a teenager.   It also makes the plot feel like it's trying to be a teenager as well, but ends up being nothing like that at all.  This is just a terrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The story was interesting, but it was a little confusing as to why a guy would want to kill himself, but then he did, and he's in the hospital after that. And you can see why he might do it if he felt there was something wrong with him and his life."
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   "The main reason I haven't given this book five stars is that the main character is a jerk."   If you haven't read the book, don't say I didn't warn you! This book was not for the faint of heart! I don't like being jerked around. And this book was just too mean-spirited and mean-hearted. If you don't mind the jerk, then this is a fun book. But if you want the good-bad-best, you'll have to pick it up.   In this book, there are a bunch of people in a bad situation. All the characters seem to be in love with each other, which is very sweet. Unfortunately, they don't do any of their chores because they are in love. That's pretty messed up. It's like they are saying, "If you don  "My husband is a hard-working, well-educated man. He's my best friend, my role model, my counselor, my confidant. I don . If I get into trouble, he takes care of me. If he gets into trouble I take care of him. That way we get along. That works for us. That will work for you. That makes us a good family."  I didn't find that very interesting.  . I just wasn't impressed by the way he was trying to be a good man for his family.  , he was supposed to be the good guy, but in the end, he just became a jerk. I mean, why would he take care for his son if he is going to do things that aren't good? It just seems like he is only concerned about himself. He should be concerned about his son and the kids. He really shouldn't be concerned with his own happiness. The things he does just seem like he just wants to be better than his family, which I don'  One of the first things I noticed about the author was that he has a very big ego. I know this isn't a huge deal, but it is very noticeable when reading this book. The fact that he doesn't believe in any of his stories is something that makes me feel sorry for him. He is a very good writer, but when he is trying to tell a good story, it is obvious that he is just trying to get himself and his ego out of his story. This is a big problem for a writer,
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book, but I felt it was a bit too heavy-handed and it didn't seem to understand the difference between a true love story and a romance. I'm still going to read it anyway, but maybe next time I'll just enjoy it for the story and the characters, and not the plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________. This is the best book about being a person who is different than the norm. It's really the first book I've read about being trans. It talks about how much you should change and how much it's okay to be yourself. The way that the author is writing about trans people is very similar to the way a person with a disability might talk about their own experience with disabilities. The author makes a very positive case about how you shouldn't judge people based on the stereotypes they are given, and that's what this book is about. I've been reading a lot of this book and I've learned a lot from it, so I think that I'm going to give this book 4.5 stars. It may be hard for someone who's not a trans person to understand how this book relates to trans people, but the author made me understand it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so disappointed in this book.  It's a rehash of some of the same issues and some of it's not really good ideas.    What it is:   It's a collection of short stories that was originally published as a book in the 70s.  It has all the same ideas as the old stories, but they're just told in different ways.  I liked it:  It was just different enough to keep me entertained for a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   The last thing I read was the one I'm going to review here. This is the third book in the Dresden Files series, and is the final book in that series. The first two books were really good and a definite must read for anyone who has read the series. I thought the book was great, although I found it a little repetitive.   A big part of this book is the relationship between Harry and Draco. Harry has a great friendship with Draco, although it can get very awkward at times. The story follows Harry's relationship with Draco and his father, and then the two of them go to visit Draco's father at the end of the book. It's a nice and light read, and I really enjoyed it. I found this book to be a bit repetitive at times, but it still had a good ending. I'm sure you'll enjoy it as well.   the final chapter was very well written. The characters are all well developed and I enjoyed the relationship with Harry and the family.  , I'm definitely going to pick up the next book in this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ When I got the copy of this book, I was very excited to get it. I am an avid reader, and this book was just what I needed to keep me interested in my favorite books. The book is short, so it will take you a few reads to get to the good stuff. The author is a very good writer, and I loved how she put her personality into the characters. It is easy to get attached to these characters, and it makes me want to keep reading. I'm glad that the book wasn't really long, because there are a few things that I did not care for. The characters are just a little too predictable. I know that I'm not the only one who feels that way, but the author did not mention how these characters changed throughout the book, and how the plot changes. The ending was not the best either. It's the beginning, so I'm assuming that it is not going to be the end, but for me, it left a sour taste in my mouth. It was kind of disappointing. If you're looking for a good story, and some good fun, then give this book a try. If not, then just give it a pass, and continue on to the next book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm a bit miffed with this book. I'm not sure why I picked this one up in the first place, I'm sure I could have found a better book if I had bothered to look for one. The author seems to have been on the road for a while and didn't have a good idea what she was talking about. The book is so short and so poorly written that it's hard to take anything it says seriously. The only thing I remember from the book is that it had a lot of sex in it, but I'm so old now I can't remember how sex was supposed to be written, so I can only assume the author's not a very good writer.   This is just one of those books that I don't remember reading but am convinced I read, so it's likely I read it years ago.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ "This is a good book but I don't like it. The story is good but the prose is not good. This is the kind of book that a lot of people read to pass the time and get a good read. I found this book a little boring. It had a lot to say and a lot was said in a way that I could not really understand it. I also could not understand the ending, I thought it was stupid."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst I've ever read. It was terrible, awful, awful.  It was so bad, I could barely keep my eyes open. It started out good but then it lost all the good parts and just became a bunch of cliches.  I have to admit that I did not like the author's writing style, it just made it too easy to predict what is going to happen next and too easy for the reader to feel bad for the character. The whole story is just too easy, and it really is that bad.  This book is not worth reading at all, it is just a waste of time and I will not waste another penny on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   The book starts out very interesting. The author takes us through the lives of various animals. We see how their minds work and how they cope with the challenges that come with being in the wild. The book is also interesting because of the many times the author takes you on a wild ride.   There are a few bad things about this book, mainly the fact that it was a little too long. The chapter about the fox was a long one, but the book does go into more detail about the wolf and the elephant. But other than that, this book was a good introduction to the animal kingdom.     4/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a waste of time.  The plot is about a boy who gets trapped in a fantasy world and has to rescue a girl from the monster who is holding her hostage.  It doesn't do anything interesting enough to keep my attention from being sucked out by the characters and the story.  The characters are just like the people who read it.  It's not like I dislike it.  I can find enjoyment in it. But the plot was pointless.  The characters are all just a bunch of stereotypes.  There is no real characterization at all.  It's just a story about a kid and his fantasy world that's all the characters are.  No real plot development.  I don't think the author realized that the premise of the book is so unoriginal and stupid.    This book would have been a complete failure if the author had bothered to do anything about the premise at all!
Write a negative review about a bad book:        The best part about the book is the cover art by the artist and writer of the book.   This is a fun read for any fan of the genre.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ It was a good book but I felt like I was reading the script for a bad movie. The story is ok but not great. I like the fact that the narrator explains things to the reader so that you can understand them. It is a very slow paced book, so you will probably have to read it in one sitting. I don't recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** This book had some nice bits and some very disappointing bits. This book was mostly boring, mostly repetitive, and very confusing. The writing is not bad, but there are some really good sentences and some really bad sentences. The ending is a bit anticlimactic, but then again, the book is over halfway through so I'm not sure how much more there is to read. If you are looking for a good mystery/thriller/horror, go ahead and read this book. But don't expect anything too original or originaly different. If this book were longer I'd give it an 8 or 9, but it's only about a 4.  4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am an avid reader of history and especially history of science. I have always been intrigued by this series and read it at the same time I was reading a book on the history of chemistry.   The first book is a very good book.  The second book was much harder to understand. I was a bit frustrated but the author provided enough explanations to make it tolerable.  I can't say enough good things about this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  If you find a bad one and can't get rid of it, buy another one!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book because it was recommended to me by a friend who was in a bad car crash. It sounded very plausible to me and I'm glad that it did. The book is a very well-written description of what happened to me as a teenager. I didn't want to put the book down and it took me quite a while to finish it because I was interested and interested in learning more. The writing is very descriptive and you can see the effects of the car crash very well in the story. The story is very good and the characters were believable. The author describes their reactions to the accident well. The descriptions in the beginning of the book were a little too graphic, but by the end it seemed that it was appropriate. The main character is very interesting and his feelings for his friends were very real. The ending was really interesting, and I was very satisfied with the end result. It's good to know that the author tried to make the ending as realistic as possible.   Overall, a good book with interesting characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've been looking for a book on the basics of building and maintaining a successful home improvement business. This book has many good ideas, but it is a bit too much "do as I do" with the rest of the book. It is about 10,000 words of very generic advice on how to start, run, and run successful home repair businesses. I'm not sure if I'm a novice or a seasoned pro, but I still feel like I need to look at this book again after reading it twice.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are a mess.  One of the two is the main character and the other is the "love interest" who was the worst.    I can't even begin to describe how awful this book was.  I would never recommend it.  "I am a warrior who knows the truth and has a purpose in this life." I am reading The Last Stand  by William S. Burroughs.  This is the first time I have read a Burrough's book.  For a book so heavy, I expected to find the story boring and dull.  The story is about the rise of a fascist dictator in Europe and the resistance against him and the evil of capitalism.  It is about a guy who finds himself at the center of the story when he is thrown into a struggle that could decide the fate of the world. The story takes place in the United States in the mid 1930's and the protagonist is a young journalist who is in hiding from a fascist leader.  His editor (who was also in hiding) writes the book and they have an affair.  He meets the main characters and he decides to help them.  One of the problems is that there is no clear definition of who the characters are or how to relate to them.  I think the story is good because it is the story of the struggle against fascism and capitalism and it is a good story.  There is a bit of romance between the main couple and I enjoyed the book. The main problem I had with this book is the characters.  First of all, there is the protagonist, who is a fascist.  Then there is his editor, who seems to have the most relationship with him.  And then there is a man named Peter.  Peter is the love interest and is very pretty.  She has blonde hair, pale skin and wears a red dress.  So basically the main love interest is a woman who is ugly and wears red.  My problem is that I think he is supposed to be a "fascism" that is supposed be a good one.  As I read on, I realized that the main conflict is not a good or evil one, but a "love triangle."  It seems that the hero is in love with the woman but hates her and wants to be with the other guy.  Why is he so in love?   Why do they have a relationship?  What is it about?
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ _______________ ______________ ____________ _________ __________ The only thing that saved this book is that it's only 250 pages long and it's a very short book! If you're a fan of horror and sci-fi this is a good book to add to your collection.  9 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was not interesting, the characters were uninteresting, the plot was bad, and the writing was terrible. The characters were too one dimensional and the plot made no sense.  The plot was confusing, the ending was a cop out and a cheap plot device. The book was a disappointment and the author was just another plagiarist.  No thanks, I'm going to read something else.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "My friend and I loved this book. The characters are all very unique and I liked the way they all felt real. The story was good but the ending just didn't make sense. I loved the characters but I couldn't get behind the story at the end." -Hannah B. "I loved this! It was a lot of fun to read and I enjoyed the different characters. I wish the ending had been better." -Brynn M. The book I got was the first one I bought through Goodreads. I was very excited to get a new book. I'm not a huge fantasy reader so I'm always looking for new reads to read. I have a hard time finding good books that are a good read and have good characters. The Book of Five Rings was a very fun read and the characters were really well written. I would definitely recommend this book to a friend. -Jenna S.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________ I don't know why I even bothered reading this book, but I read it. I'm not a fan of Harry Potter, but this book was the most enjoyable thing I've read in a while. I have to admit, though, that I did feel a little disappointed that Harry didn't seem to learn any of his magical abilities from his parents. If that was his reason for joining the Order of the Phoenix, then he didn't need to be so ignorant about the Dark Arts. I can't think of anything more boring than a young wizard who is ignorant of his own abilities, so the fact that Harry had to learn from his friends about magic didn't bother me. The main reason why I found this book a little disappointing was because it ended too soon. I'd have liked to have gotten more into the plot. I also think that the ending was a little forced, but that may just be my personal opinion. I enjoyed the book and I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book to read, but when I did, I was disappointed. It is so far removed from what I have been reading that I feel as though I am reading a translation of some foreign language. The main characters, for the most part, are just not very interesting. The author did not know how to make a main character interesting, nor did she know how not to. I would give this book a 1 or 2 star rating, but I cannot because I cannot recommend this book for someone who reads foreign language literature.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ "I would have given it a 4 star if the author had put more effort into it. It is a well written story that just feels so off. The characters were just plain boring. The plot was very interesting but the story itself felt so generic and like something a kid would write. The writing style was just boring. I could have gotten something more out of the book if the writer put more of an effort into the writing. I would not recommend this book to a kid or to anyone."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you like it, I think you'll like The Cuckoo's Calling  . However, the story is completely predictable. The plot is about a woman who is being pursued by her ex-boyfriend who is now dating another woman. I like this book because it has a different kind of heroine. She is a journalist who was so upset by the divorce that she wants to write a book about her experience. She finds out that her ex has now started dating a woman and when she tries to get the story to the tabloids he finds out about her. She also has a friend who is going through the same thing and who helps her out. She's a smart and independent woman who wants to know what went wrong and she knows how to find out. If you don't like it because it's predictable, well I guess you will have to find a new book to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off great but it doesn't continue to be as good.  I've read many books in the past that started off great and I have read many in the last two years that had me frustrated with them.  I was very disappointed with this book.   The author's ideas are interesting but I didn't feel any of it made a lot of sense.  I didn The book is about a couple and their two boys who were very happy with their new house.  They were getting a lot out of it.  Unfortunately, something changed and their happiness turned into fear.  Their home became a living nightmare.  In this nightmare, they are trapped.  A terrible monster is trying to kill them and one of them is just trying to escape.  It's a very dark book. It's not for the faint of heart or weak of heart.  This book is disturbing, disturbing, horrifying and horrifying.  The story is good but I just couldn't finish it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________  The only reason I gave this book a three is because the second book I picked up didn't have any problems. I'm looking forward to the next one!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "What a great idea for a book, but I couldn't make it work. The problem with the story is that it never really ends." - James D. Miller  "It was a good idea, but the ending was just wrong. I would have liked to have had a longer story that continued on after the end." - Michael P.   I would have given this book 3.5 stars if I could. This is the best book I have read since I read The Great Gatsby. It is the only book I will read. The characters are so well developed that you can't help but fall in love with them. The writing is amazing. The story is well-told. The humor is great. The art is beautiful. This book has everything you could want in a book.   and I know I will be re-reading this one for a long time to come.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   This is one of those books that makes you think you know what's going on, and then the next chapter reveals that you don't. And then you go back to re-read the first chapter. It's so easy to be sucked into the story, but then you get to the end and realize it's just a bunch of rubbish. I don't know if you're reading the book right, but the only way I could really believe that the characters were all just doing the best they could with the situation they found themselves in was if they were all complete idiots. There are a lot of things that I liked about this book. It was funny, and there were some interesting aspects to the story. But this book really failed at being a good story. I just couldn't get the point of it, and it was very hard for me to believe that a character could be so oblivious and stupid to not realize that they were in a room full of people who just wanted to hurt them. I have a feeling that the writer of this book knew that, and probably just put it in there to be funny, but I think that's a pretty big flaw for a book that I'd recommend.   I also noticed that this book is full of some really funny spelling errors. For example, "hassle" is spelled "hearth." The next time someone tries to explain to me what a plot is, I'm going to have to say that it's a plot that involves the characters in this book running around getting into trouble and causing problems for each other.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bit dry and doesn't hold up to a lot of time in the mouth.  You get the feeling that the authors knew they were writing a bad story but thought it would be funny to make it seem like a good one.  For the most part the characters don't really develop.    The one exception is the protagonist, Jax.  He has the most growth of the entire group.  Jax has a lot going for him and he has his own motivations.  But, he's still a blank slate.  His entire story is told from his point of view.    I would love to see Jax's point of views on things.  Maybe he's the one writing the story because he's too lazy to do anything else.  The book is written in the third person.  It doesn't give the characters time to develop. The writing is dry and the characters are too flat.  This book is a great way to learn about a group of people who are a bit crazy.  I've read a lot about them but I've never seen the world through their eyes.  For a book like this, I'm glad I waited for a sequel to come out.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________ This book is a joke. A total waste of money. I am so sorry for the $25 I wasted. It's almost a complete waste of my time. I have not used my book to read since this book. I gave the guy a bad review because I can't stand being treated like this. I'm sorry that you had to endure this.  5 out of 5 stars A must have This book was the best purchase I made for myself on my recent trip to Europe. It will come in handy while I am in the city and will come home with me when I am on the road. . ,
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ ___________   The story is a little too familiar. The hero is a good-hearted guy who finds himself in a dark place and tries to help out the people around him. He starts out by helping the police with their investigation, but then his friends get hurt. He can't get to the bottom of the matter, so he turns to the only people who can get to him. A guy who just gets a hold of the guy who murdered his wife, and ends up helping him out. The story is told from the perspective of a cop, but there's a lot of information he's able to provide to the hero that the reader won't find in a cop book.   One complaint: The book was just a little slow for me. The pace of the story slowed down a bit after about a third of the way through the book. I don't know if I was too engrossed in the story to give it the attention it deserved, or if it just took a while to get started. I like to read my books fast so I could start right away, but I do know that the book was slow.   to make up for that, I really enjoyed the way the book ends.   is a book that I've seen discussed a lot. I found it interesting, but the main problem is that I found myself just flipping the pages and not reading the story. The only thing I remember about the story was that it seemed like it took a long time to get there. That's probably because I had the book open on my Kindle while I was reading, but it still slowed down the book for me a bit. I could have been reading another book in that book, but this one I found difficult to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say that I loved this book. It was ok, but I feel it missed the mark for me. I didn't love the characters as much as I loved the story, but it was entertaining, and it did a great job of giving us a little insight into what it's like to be a soldier in the Iraq War. It wasn't the best novel I've read, but its a fun read for those who enjoy military fiction, or war in general.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book.  The story and the characters are fun.    I think there's a lot of promise in this book and it will be interesting to see where it goes from here. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ The Good:   I'm not going to lie, I have never read a book so well written, or so detailed in what is to come, or a plot as well conceived and executed as this one. I really liked the characters and how the plot unfolded. I loved the way the character's were written and how each one is as unique as the last. The prose was perfect for a young adult book, and the characters are all relatable and likable. I'm not a huge fan of romance, but this was well written and well written.   The Bad:  .   a little slow to begin. The first half of the book is kind of a mystery, which is cool, but then it slows down. I think it would have been better to have some action in the first few chapters. I liked that there were a lot of twists and turns in the story. I wasn't a huge "love triangle" fan, but that didn't really stop me from enjoying this book.   the last part of the story is a bit slow. The last couple chapters are a little confusing. It's not really a spoiler to say that there is a cliffhanger and there is no way to know what happens next, and I just found that a little disappointing. I know that a lot happened in the last two chapters, but I was really hoping to see the payoff.   in the end I really enjoyed this book and will definitely be reading the sequels. I wish the author had just done the next one earlier in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- This book was terrible. I bought it to get the plot out of my head, but it's so confusing I can't follow any of the characters, and I'm not sure why the author thought this was a good idea. I'm really surprised it's even on the shelf now.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a fun book, with a fun premise. I enjoyed it, but the ending is just too much to bear. The main character's main character arc is just a flat out drag. She's basically a dumbed down version of the protagonist from the previous book, only worse. The plot is just as flat out. This book could have been so much better, but it still got a 3 because I have enjoyed reading it so much.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not very good. It was good for a while but then it became confusing. The plot is good but then the book becomes confusing.     "I am an innocent. I have a good family. I am well-behaved. I can be trusted. I don't have a criminal record. I never had a violent incident. I haven't broken the law in my entire life. I'm an adult. I've done nothing wrong. What I've just done is nothing short of evil."   This is a book that I had wanted to read since I was a kid but I always gave up because I didn't want to read about a boy who went on a killing spree in a school. Now that I have read this book I realize that I should have given this a chance because it has a lot of potential. This is an amazing book that would be amazing in any genre. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys books with a strong plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- The author made it all too easy for us to have a negative experience with this book, which was really disappointing because it was just the sort of book we love to read. It's about a young girl with a very limited ability to comprehend the world around her (which, given her intelligence, was a good thing), who is tormented by an adult that she is convinced is a vampire, because the girl thinks he is in love with her. The author's prose was, again, so bad that it was hard to put down. I don't know if this book should be taken as a work of fiction or not, but it is very much not fiction, and I am not sure if the author has the ability to write a believable, if rather sad, story. I can't say that I enjoyed this book very much.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A very good book that I would recommend to all students. The teacher has a good voice. I liked the chapter by chapter structure. The only problem is that the book doesn't explain what the word "algebra" means. I am trying to learn how to write a math book but I have to have the definitions. So this book is a bit frustrating. But it's worth it if you want to know what an algebra is.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited about this book. I read the first one and loved it. But then I got this one and I don't know what happened. The first one I loved was about a man that was going to get shot and I had a lot of fun with that one. So I was really expecting this one to be good. But it was really bad. The characters were boring and the plot didn't even make any sense. The last third was really boring. I really expected this one was going good but I didn't. The ending just didn't make any kind of sense. I gave it 2 stars because it was a fun story and I would recommend it if you are looking for something that isn't that much of a mystery or a horror. But I wouldn't recommend it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This is one of those books that I just could not finish. It was just so boring and the characters were so boring." "This is a book that is not worth reading. It is just a compilation of information on how to beat a game called 'Gauntlet of Fire' in a game named 'Super Mario Bros.'."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only way to describe this book is that it is a mess.  It's hard to describe the characters in a coherent way.    This book is not very interesting.  In the beginning of the book, it seems like we're going to have a love story, a boy falling in love with a girl, but as the story progresses, it becomes more and more convoluted.  This book is very bad at introducing a plot.  It's pretty easy to guess what's going on, but this is a novel.  What are the odds of this novel being good? The book is hard to put down.  The characters are extremely likable.  I wish the book would have been a little shorter, but I enjoyed it.  I gave this a 3.5 because I liked the book a lot and enjoyed the characters a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   This book is a disaster. The plot is predictable, and it doesn't even get that far before it starts to fall apart. It's a fun and clever premise that doesn't really hold up. It is all over the place and doesn't seem to have any real logic behind it. The author doesn't know what he's writing, and there's no real plot progression. In fact, he seems to write his characters in a way that doesn"t really allow them to grow or develop.   I thought it would be fun to read a story about a guy who learns about sex through a video game. However, the book is full of holes and has no idea what it"s doing. The protagonist is constantly asking "Why does this feel so good?" and I couldn"t help but laugh at the ridiculousness of it. At one point he actually asks his wife if he is getting a boner and it was so ridiculous that I had to stop and think "Is this what this guy"s wife is like?" The author seems to want to say that this is an okay book, but that"s a ridiculous expectation to have to live up to.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit thin, and I'm not sure if I'd read it again.  It is, however, a good book to start with if you don't know much about the subject.  I've had some good reviews, though.  It's a fun read.   I've got some good ideas for improving my game, and the ideas that I've learned are certainly worth a read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first chapter is about a group of people living in a city called Kallithea, whose main city has been devastated by war, and are now trying to survive by doing whatever they can to survive. The main character is named Balthacarius (it is also called Balthacus in the first few chapters, but that name is not really good), a soldier who has to fight the battle of the streets, which is just as he was told in his old life. In a way, it is the same as when he was a child and had to fight in wars against his own people. There are a lot of details about how the war is going, what is happening, and what is at stake, but at the same time, it doesn't seem to be that much of a story at all, and the events are not really exciting or important enough to keep the reader's attention. The character's reactions are not that interesting either, especially the ones of the main character, who is not exactly likeable, and he is not shown to be the only one who has the problem with the war or with the people in Kalliton. Balthis is basically a cardboard cutout, so much so that the reader is not sure if he is a good guy or a bad guy. The other characters are not given any more depth than Balthas, but I guess that is to be expected, because they don't really have any other choice. Overall, this is a really bad book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, but I feel like the author is too quick to dismiss the book as a complete failure. The book is a well written and interesting read, but in some ways, it does not do the book justice. This is a book written in the 70s, and the author does a decent job of writing it as if it were written today. The problem is that the book is not an honest book. The author makes up a story about how she came to read this book. It's a story that doesn't seem to be true at all. The story seems like a way to make a good book sound like a great book.  The author does this in the story, but she does this more subtly than in the writing. The writing is pretty good. It doesn't really feel like it's trying to be a novel. It is a very well-written story, and a very good read. However, the story doesn't make it worth the read. It just doesn't.  Recommendation:   I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  It's not really a book that you will not like. The thing that I dislike is the way that the story is told.   4.5/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book hoping for a good one and boy was I wrong! I was so excited to get my hands on it and read it but unfortunately, this book is just bad and the author is horrible at writing, it was hard to read it! I can only hope that the next book will be better! 1/10 I just finished reading this book. I was looking forward to it because it is about the life of a black man who is a preacher and he goes to jail and it is really sad and it makes me want to cry. But after reading it I feel like I just wasted my time because it was just terrible. I felt like the book was not good at all, I am not a big fan of memoirs but this one was terrible. This book did not have the "gospel" I was hoping for, and instead of giving you a story that would have made you want to go out and help the poor and needy it just ended up being about a preacher that did some bad things and made some bad decisions and he died. I am sure there were things in his life that could have been improved but in my opinion, the book does not give you a good picture of the man. I could go on and on about the bad things that happened to this man but that would just ruin the book for me. I do not feel like this was the best book that I have ever read. 3/10 This is a very sad book about a very poor man that was in jail for years. I'm not a fan of this type of book because I just can't relate to these people. This was a very depressing read and I was bored the entire time. I would have liked to have had some more good stories about him in this book because there was a lot that could be added. I really don't understand how he can get a bad reputation like this. I don't know if it's a book that was published in the late 20th century or what but it was very depressing reading it and it just makes me sad to read about someone who is so poor that he cannot even keep himself in good clothes.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ ____________________________ My favorite character was an Irish girl, the heroine.  She was a sweet girl with an unrequited love.  After all the trouble she went through, she finally gets her guy.  I really liked the story of her going through the difficult situations of growing up and having a crush.  This book was good.   Posted by Linda on Thursday, June 16, 2008
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked this book, and the characters are the ones that stand out to me. It was good, but I wouldn't call it a "great" book.  There are two characters that are just a bit too...well...human.    I wish the book had been longer, but the last third was good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm just going to throw this out there:  The characters are not likeable.  The main character, who is also a doctor, is just an over-the-top jerk, and he's the only one I don't really care about.  His friends, although a good group of people, aren't really worth being friends with.  They're just there to add to the bad guy.  Even the doctor is just a stereotypical "guy's guy" type.  I have a hard time sympathizing with the doctors.  There is no reason why they have to be that way.  Their family doesn't really matter, either.  The doctor's wife is always in a bad mood and he can't understand why.   It's not like he's some terrible character who is a jerk and is trying to make his wife miserable.  He's just a selfish, lazy guy who has no empathy for anyone else.  In other words, he's just another typical jerk.  It was really just a waste of a good novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read some wonderful books that are bad. This one is not a good book. I felt very let down after finishing it.  The story is very boring and not very interesting.   2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My son's favorite book was the book about the little guy in the tree, but he couldn't get through the first 5 chapters. The last 5 are the most interesting and interesting part. The first chapter was great and the first two were enjoyable. My son will not be getting this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was bad. The premise is a good one. A guy is trying to get home to see his family. He can't find a way in so he has to get the girls to give him a ride. The girls don't want to give up the ride. They are being kidnapped. The girl he is looking for is very strong. So strong that her father has given her up for adoption. The bad thing is that she is also very strong, and she can also beat him. I won't go into too much detail but it does get really nasty in the end. There is some pretty graphic violence and I found myself cringing a lot. There were also a lot of people getting stabbed. There are some really strange things about this book. The whole story seems to be a case of mistaken identity. The person who is going home is the bad guy but the girl he was looking for was the good guy. But the girl is the evil one. The way it is written, I don't really see how this story makes any sense. The main thing is the kidnapping aspect. It's very obvious that they are both being kidnapped and there is no way they can get out of it. And it just seems really stupid that they would be kidnapped for that. The book is very slow. I mean really slow. The story just drags on and on. I found it very boring. I feel like the author had very little to work with. The ending just feels very unsatisfying and I don "This book was really hard to read, the story was so bizarre and unbelievable, but there was no way I was going to give this book a 1 star. The writing was pretty good, and it had a nice sense of humor, and the plot was pretty cool. The art was okay. It was all very simple and easy to follow. I really enjoyed the story, and would give this story a 4 out of 5. If it wasn't so hard to understand it would be a 4 or 5, but it really didn't add anything to the story. The characters were also very flat, but not bad. I would give it a 3 out of 4 for that reason, but I really would not recommend this book to anyone. I am very disappointed in this book."
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I am so disappointed by this book!I have loved the books about animals since I was a kid. This one is the worst one I have ever read. The first two books about the dogs were amazing, but this one is bad. I can't believe anyone would actually buy this book. I have already started reading the first book about the monkeys. I just hope they don't keep going with the bad reviews about the story line.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  If I have to take a bullet for a cause, so be it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ The writing is very sloppy, the stories are very cliche, and the plot is pretty poor. This was a book that I read, thought was interesting, and then promptly forgot about it. There was a moment in the middle where it sounded like a story, but it just didn't ring true to me, so I had to put it down. The characters were so cliché that I had trouble believing any of it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best thing about this book is that it's so good and so funny. The bad part is that there are so many jokes in it that it becomes difficult to tell what is a joke and what is not. The humor was just so much fun. The characters were well-developed and I think the author could have written more books if she wanted to. Overall:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was looking for a good book to read for a class but wasn't sure what to expect. I read through the book about 10 times and was never really that into it. After reading it once I felt like I didn't really like the book. I felt it was trying to be something it wasn't. I really liked the author and I was looking forward to the next book but was left disappointed.   1. The characters are just...boring. They are just too boring to be interesting.   (I hate boring characters. I'm not going to go into too much detail. If you like this sort of book then by all means go for it but I'm just not going with this.)   2. The story seems to be the only point of the book but is really not. It just goes on and on with no real plot line or progression or anything to it. It's just a bunch of stories that are all kind of similar.   The author does use the story of the first book to develop a few new characters. But, it's so brief and only really gets to them in the second book.   of course, the characters are very cliché. The main character is a young boy that is constantly being bullied and has a lot of issues with his father. There are a lot more interesting things about him in this book than in the first. I wish he had more to do in the book than be the butt of a joke or get beat up a lot.   a few characters are interesting and develop. A few of the characters develop more than the others but that's about it.   and that's really it. There's no real character development. There isn't really anything to do with the main characters other than they go off and do things and meet people and that was really it all the way through.   the world building is really bad and kind of annoying. I know it's supposed to be a fantasy world but I just felt like they forgot to put any kind of effort into the world. I get that they are just using the world they have so I don't have much to say about that but it really irked me.  The plot line was very simple. I don' t understand why the author decided to have the main character be so stupid or why it needed to be this simple. The plot line just kind of whirred by at a pretty fast pace.    3. The writing style was
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing that saved this book from being a complete and utter flop was the cover art (which, I admit, I really liked).  This was a great book to read on a flight.  I enjoyed the characters, and there was a decent story in there.  The only reason why I did not give it a 5/5 is because the book is really long.    The only reason that I did give it an 5/10 was because the cover is really cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I read this book as an adult for the first time about a decade ago. I remember reading it as a child, but didn't remember a lot about it. The only thing that stuck with me was the fact that it was the first book I read where the hero wasn't a white man, and the book also deals with issues that the U.S. government has to deal with: the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. However, it's a book that isn't about those things, it deals with a lot of other issues, like sexism, racism, etc., so I don't think that was really the reason I picked it up as an older adult. I was surprised when I found out that this book is a classic. The book was first published in 1954, so it's pretty good for its time. However I do find the author's style very dated. I know this book was written before there was a time when a book could be completely rewritten, but it's still a bit awkward. The writing style is very terse and does make it very difficult to read the book. Also, there is a lot going on in this book, and it seems to be going on at a pretty fast pace. This book would be better if it had a few more chapters, because it's hard to keep track of the whole story. However it's one of those books that you have to read in one sitting because it does get repetitive.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It was boring and had a very cliche ending. This is why it has one star. I think this book has a good idea, but the execution was poor.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ __________ ________ ___________. This book was boring, repetitive, and very boring. There was no real tension or story to the story, just a series of events that never really seemed to move the story forward. I am not sure if I would even be interested in a sequel to this book because I just did not feel the need to pick up this book again. It would have been better if I had not paid for the book and had a good friend borrow the book.  7 of 8 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is really really terrible. It's really, really boring and repetitive and I can't even tell you what happens in the story. If you've ever read a series where there is a villain, you know the drill, it's about a villain and the bad guy must be defeated. But this book, it doesn't really make a good villain. Not that the villains aren't bad. The characters are very boring and it just seems like they have no reason to be in the book. They're just there for the story and not to make a point or even to have any purpose other than to have their existence explained.   But I guess I should give the book a try because it's the first one I've read in a while, and it's not bad by any means.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ Read a positive review about an ok book:   _____________ I would like to commend you on your efforts to get this book written. You have done a wonderful job. It is a challenging book but you have done it well.   This is a difficult book. The author had a difficult time finding a good title for this book, so the title he settled on was a bit of a challenge. I am glad he chose to publish this book as a book called The Case for Christ. This title is a little less than honest but is more accurate than the title The Case Against Christianity. The book is a great challenge to the believer, especially to those who believe in a deity. The argument is logical and convincing.  .   ______________   The Case for Christianity by D. A. Carson   "When I became a Christian, I never thought I would need to justify myself. But I had always had a strong sense of why I was doing what I was. As an undergraduate student, I was studying to be a medical doctor. I read some books on the subject and decided that the best explanation of my life was that I was a special creation. God had used me in His great design. If I could just believe that I had been chosen, that would be all the evidence I needed to go on living a good life."   As a teenager, I had a very strong feeling that I wasn't special. I had heard about the importance of faith, but I didn't really understand it. After a while, I began to realize that there were some things in life that I could not explain in any other way than through faith. I was just a child and I was learning that some things I had never been able to understand had a great reason for existing.   to my knowledge, the original title of this book was "The Case Against God." There is no reason why this book cannot be called "The case for God."   I do not believe that the author has a bias against Christianity. I do believe that this is an intelligent and well-reasoned book. I think this book is good for the serious student of theology, and I think that it would be appropriate for the college student with a general interest in theology. The only reason I can think that this book should not be titled The Case For Christianity is that the book should have a better title. I don't see why this title isn't better than The Case against God
Write a negative review about a bad book:     This book was the worst of the worst. I couldn't stand reading it.   The narrator is awful. She just doesn't sound like a person who would know what she is talking about. I think she was speaking through her own mouth and I didn't even know what was she saying.  , so i have to be very clear about what this book is about. First, it is a romance novel. Second, it's about a man who has to marry his sister because he can't find a girl. And the book is so sad and depressing and depressing that it is hard to imagine how anyone can read this book and not be totally depressed about it. (This is the book's entire message.) This is not a good book, it just doesn´t belong in any "best of" list I am sure.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "If you want to be a writer, read this book!" "There is so much wrong with this book! The main problem with this novel is the main character." "The story is so bad, you want the author to die." "I've read so many bad books, this is the worst." "...it's hard to think of a worse book I've read all year." "This is the most pathetic book I have read this year." These reviews are from the Amazon page for The Last Unicorn. The book is currently #3 in its category on Amazon.com. There are more than 5,000 5-star ratings and 5,400 4-star reviews on Amazon. The review count on Goodreads is a bit higher, at about 5,500. These reviews are the most important factor in determining the popularity of a book. I have written a lot about how bad the reviews are on the Amazon Kindle store. If you want a copy of the book, you can purchase it on Amazon, where the book is a best seller, at a very good price. Here are the links to both the Amazon and Goodreads pages: The Last Vain:  http://www.amazon.com/The-Last-Vain-by-Jules-Ventura/dp/B01C8WQHG8 The Last Unicorns:   http This blog is dedicated to those of you who believe in the potential of the human mind to transcend our limitations and see the big picture. The last unicorn is the book that I've been waiting for for many years. It is a story about the most powerful being in the universe. But it is also a story of man's battle with nature and his struggle to be free from the limitations of his own mind.  The story of The Last unicorn is an epic saga that I had wanted to write for a long time.  It takes us through many different cultures, cultures that have their own unique and fascinating traditions. In addition to this, it is a journey of man coming to grips with his own limitations, overcoming them and discovering the importance of what he truly is. The Last unicorns story is not only a story that will help us all to understand the nature of the universe, but also a journey that will give us the chance to reflect on our own mind and our capacity to transcend it. The story is a true reflection of how a human being can go from being one
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole thing was so boring and lame. I had a good time reading the other books, but this one was just a chore to read. I found the story to be ridiculous and the characters were so uninteresting. "Heaven and Hell: A New Look at the Devil" by Robert M. Price "The Devil is often seen as an archetypal figure with dark, brooding eyes, black hair and a scowling face, but some researchers claim that in fact he's not nearly as old as he's made out to be. They also contend that Satan was once a good guy, a devout Christian who was cast out by the church. However, when he finds a way to gain power through the creation of a new religion, the Devil is out for vengeance and a new world order is created. I don't know about you, but the author is making me laugh out loud. I have never laughed this hard at a book. The author was not pleased with the comments posted on Amazon, and they have been removed. This is one of the best books I've ever read. 10. "The Last Battle" by Anthony Bourdain I read this book on a whim. I didn't know much about it, but it's one of my favorite Bourdain books and I figured I would read it. I loved it, and I recommend it to all those who love Anthony Bourdan, or to anyone who wants to learn more about the history of the war in Iraq. My Rating: 4 out of 5 stars What I Liked: I really liked the idea of Bourdain being a reporter covering the war. What Didn't I Like: Nothing really. Overall: 5 out of 10 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem is that the author doesn't know what she's doing, she's trying to make a bad novel seem good in a very bad way. She keeps making plot points that aren't working and she tries to use the characters in such a way that they make sense to each other. The book starts out pretty good, but it doesn't end that well. There are so many things that I can't quite understand, I think it was written in a hurry and didn't really have time to do all the things it needs to do. Overall it's just a boring book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "this is the worst book I have ever read. It is just plain boring. I do not understand why anyone would buy this book. This is not a fun read at all, it is a bore and the characters are not very interesting. It was too easy and I felt that the author was just making the readers look stupid. If you have to read this book you should read something else."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's just a bunch of old bullshit. I'm not going to waste my time on it."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The reason I gave this book three stars is because I think the author has a problem when it comes to writing. I like to read fiction. I've read a lot of fiction. And I like the style of this author's writing. The thing is, this book is not really that good. The writing is not that good, not by any means. I would give this book one star if I could give it that. But the reason I give this a two is because the characters are so likable. I can't give it one star because the plot is very poor. It is a poorly plotted and poorly written book. But if you are a fan of the Harry Potter series, or you like reading about a young boy who becomes a wizard, I think you will like this book. If you don't like the Potter books, or if you like more of a straight forward plot, I would avoid this book at all cost.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________   This is a really nice book. I loved it. It is a good story, and I can't help but be interested in the author's take on the world. I really liked the characters in this book, especially the two main ones:  - the older woman who is trying to help the younger daughter  I don't know what happened to her, but she was a really fun character. She had a good personality and a lot of depth to her.  Her husband was the main character, though. He was kind of a jerk, but he was the one who tried to help his daughter and was really caring about her and her family.   The rest of the characters were kind of flat, but I'm not really a fan of flat characters. They all had a bit of a "bad guy" vibe to them, but it didn't really stick out that much. I think the author is trying very hard to portray all of these characters as more than that. The mother was an example of this. She is trying her best to be a good mother, but the truth is she has very little compassion for her own daughter, even though she is trying hard to be. I'm glad she didn't become an abusive person, though, because I would have felt horrible if she had done that.   in all, I really enjoyed the book, but there were a few things I thought I wanted to have in the story that were not there. First, I wanted the author to go into the backstory of the father, since he was one of the main characters, but that wasn't there. Second, I would like to have seen the mother's reaction to the events in the novel, but again, that wasn�t there.   I also really liked that the author included an afterword. It's a really cool story, which the author told in a very good way.   the story: ------------------------- This book is a very well-written story. I was impressed with the way that the book kept me interested throughout. I also think that this book is really good for children. I read it for my 6 year old, and he loved it as well. There were a lot more "bad" things happening to children in this novel, so I wouldn't recommend this book to kids who don't like to read about those kinds of things. The story was really good, though; it was a great story about how
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say that I have enjoyed this book.  As I mentioned, I have no interest in horror (although I love the Twilight series), and have no idea what the author is trying to accomplish.  In the beginning, I felt like this book was going to be a good read, but in the end, I just wasn't feeling it.   The writing was clunky, the plot was incoherent, and I was just not able to get caught up.  I will say that, in the beginning of the book, I did get the impression that this book would be about a girl that had been raped and the psychological effects that this had on her.  This seemed like the beginning point of the story, and it was supposed to be about that, but it ended up being about a whole host of other things that just didn't add up for me.  It was like the author had the basic plot of the entire book figured out in the first few chapters, and then it just didn 't fit.  The last few chapters were a mess, as well.  If I were to read this book again, I would try and take more of the plot seriously, as that's what made it good to begin with. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book about being a man in a woman's body.  But it's a book with so many problems that it becomes a sad book about how men can't help but to try to be like women, to pretend to be something that they are not, and to fail miserably.    I think that's really what this book is about.  This is not a book that I would recommend to anyone, ever.  It is a terrible book that will ruin your life and ruin your relationships, it will ruin the marriages of those around you, it is a self-destructive book and if you read it and take it seriously, you will only be worse off.     I have never read a more terrible book in my life.  There are so many reasons why this book isn't worth reading.  I will not even try to explain all the problems I have with this book, so I'll just list some: 1.  The writing is terrible.     A very common problem with the male perspective in books, whether it's fiction or non-fiction.  Some of the most common problems I see in male writing are over-the-top language, over-used metaphors, and overly complicated explanations.  In this book the male characters are all trying to sound like women and are doing a very poor job at it.  They are constantly talking about what they think is women's issues (the problems women have, the things women are "supposed" to like, how women can be "nice" but they really just want to be fucked) but they are completely missing the point that women have different things that they can have that men can have.  When I was writing my novel I spent a lot of time trying to figure out why men think they can be more woman than women.  Men think that because they are men they have the same things that women do, but really they don't.  What I have found is that men just don't know what it's like to be a woman, and they can't understand it because they haven't lived it. 2.  Gender is used as a plot device, and I hate that.  Again, not only does gender play a plot-determining role in this book (I won't go into it here, but this book has a LOT of problems with plot and I'm not going to spend a lot more time on that) but
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book isn't a 1 star is because I feel like it could have been a much better book.  I read it because it was one of the first of the "dark" YA books and because it has been touted as one of my favorite books ever by so many other readers.    While I appreciate the premise of the story, the way the story is told and the ending is disappointing.  I feel the author was better off sticking to a more conventional, "real world" type of storyline.  The writing was nice and there was a good amount of characters to get to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- It's very short, so you can read it in a single sitting, but the story is very weak and the ending is very anticlimactic. The author has written a very bad book. I'm going to give this book 3 stars because of the shortness and the fact that I enjoyed the short story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book a long time ago, but had to finally finish it.  It is a fairly well written story, but I was hoping for a little more.  I was hoping that the book would focus on a few characters, but the story is very long, with a lot of scenes, which is fine for a novel, but would have been nice to see more of the other characters.   The ending was nice, but not the way I would have liked it. I liked that the end was a little ambiguous. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished this book. I read this book in one sitting. The pacing of the story is terrible. It feels like I'm reading a movie and the actors are just following the script. The book ends and you're left with nothing. I'm really disappointed in the story. The characters were well written. I felt for them. The author does not show you any emotion when he's talking about the characters. The main character is an extremely stupid man. I have no clue why he thinks that he can do such a stupid thing as killing a baby. This book should have been shorter and the book would have been better. The best part of this book is the cover.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ***********It is a horrible book. I hate it. I couldn't read it even if it was a free book. The writing style is bad, the characters are unlikable and the story is boring. It is about a guy named John and his girlfriend Jane who goes to a party and gets drunk. She passes out and john finds her. When he wakes up he is confused and doesn't remember her. So he goes to the hospital to find her.The only thing that makes it worth reading is the ending. It was a really nice ending. I really enjoyed the story and I liked that it ended in a happy way. I would give it a 3 but I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I'm reading the book "I Have A Right" and I am getting a little sick. I really don't like this author. She is very opinionated and doesn't understand anything about religion. The author seems to think that it is just her opinion that makes a book a good book. The only thing that I can say is that I wish that there were more pages to tell the story. I mean the book starts out great and you feel good but as it goes on the story becomes dull and dull. It is like she is going through all the same emotions and doesn´t have enough time to make it interesting. I was looking forward to read this book but as I was reading I had a feeling that I was going to get sick.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was just plain bad. I'm not a big fan of the Harry Potter series but this book just wasn't for me. There was no point in reading it. I found it very repetitive. I did not find any of the characters memorable and I didn't care about any of them. I really would not recommend this book to anyone. I would definitely suggest giving this book a chance if you are looking for a good book about a good boy. I am disappointed in the author and publisher.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________. I was excited to read this book, and was so happy that it was a YA book. I thought the author did a good job of portraying the characters and their personalities. Unfortunately, the plot, while well written, was completely predictable and predictable. The book was predictable, because we all know how much the kids love to read, but the author's attempt at showing them at an early age was sooooo annoying. I know it's a story about kids in the suburbs, but seriously, you had me at "bored" in the middle of the story. I hate reading books about the kids who love to "read", and you know, I'm not a "read-it-all" kind of girl, so I didn't really care about the story's plot at all. The plot was pretty boring, so it was easy for me to put the book down. I'd recommend this book for anyone who's a reader, but is not interested in reading a good YA story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read some good books and some bad ones. This book is one of the bad ones, in my opinion. This is not a good book. It's too long. The author uses a lot of words and doesn't write well. The book is a little bit dated, in that it contains a lot about the 1960s. The cover design is bad, and the font is a bit hard to read. I'm going to give it 2 stars, because it was good enough to read but it's a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a bad rehash of what's already been written on this topic (most of it by the same authors and authors who didn't bother to consult the relevant research). There are a few bits of good news here: the new version includes some more references to research and some nice images. But that's the same as what's been said already. It's a good book, but not worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a bit too confusing to me, as I'm not sure how this book is going to help me in my work. I'm sure this book will help many people who are looking for a good way to study for a test, but for me it wasn't a good choice. I would recommend this book to people who have a desire to study in order to prepare for a real exam, but I doubt that this book can help you prepare for real exams.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A very unenjoyable book" - "I am not a fan of the genre but I read this book hoping to be entertained" - I can understand why some would like this book. This book isn't a book for me. There were many moments that made me laugh out loud and others that I just rolled my eyes at. The characters are mostly cardboard cut outs. I have never understood why any author wants to have their characters "real" if they can't be developed properly. I can't see the point in making a book where no one is likable if I don't like the characters. I guess I am a sucker for cardboard cutouts but not in this case. The only thing I can say is I would not read this story again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had heard so much about this book that I was prepared for a good book. The book itself was pretty good. I was really impressed with the variety of characters in the book. This book was also very entertaining. The story was pretty unique and was also pretty exciting. I liked the main character and his way of getting to the truth about his sister's disappearance. The author's prose is very interesting and he captured the atmosphere of the rural North Carolina.   The main characters of this book were interesting, the book was good and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a fun mystery novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the second book I have purchased from this author. The first one was not that good either, but the author was very nice and made me feel like I could trust her. Unfortunately, this one is not that great either. I was looking for a little bit more action, a little less suspense. However, I guess that is the purpose of these "fantasy" books, isn't it? A little bit of action and suspense is what we are all looking for. I really didn't enjoy this book. It's not bad, but not great either either. If you like a little fantasy, then give it a shot. It is fun. If it is not your cup of tea, then it is probably not worth your time.  2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- The book was ok. Not as good as a real world book, but good enough to get through. I liked the author, and his theory about how our brains are wired, but it's kind of hard to believe that the brain actually changes over a lifetime. The problem with this book is that it doesn't follow through with any of the theories it presents, and I can't see the logic in why the book was written as it is. I'm guessing it was because the book didn't really work in a "real world" setting.  4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________________________________   I'm a huge fan of the book and really enjoy the story. However, it is a bit long and gets really repetitive and repetitive, so I would probably skip it and read it again. The characters are just bland and not interesting at all.   This book also really doesn't have a plot; it's just a bunch of different, mostly meaningless events. I would recommend it to anyone who likes reading about characters that are boring.   at least it's not a boring read, but I think the story would be better if it had a plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I just finished reading this and I have to say, it's one of the worst books I've ever read. It is the story of a family who moved to a small town and had two sons, they were so scared to live in the small town that they moved into a huge mansion on a hill. The problem is, the kids are all going to be born to the parents. The parents are both alcoholic and the wife was a lesbian. Then the dad dies. The sons are all so depressed and depressed about the father dying and the boys decide to live together in the big house.The problem is when the kids get to the house, they find the father's dead body, but the wife is alive. The kids are so upset about the dad dying that they decide to kill her, but they were all wrong, she was just too nice to be killed by a bunch of kids. I don't know why the author thinks this is a good book but I was so depressed I couldn't finish it. I feel so bad for the children in this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  There is nothing more boring than a boring book
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I'm not sure why this book was reviewed as a "bad book". It was actually a good book, but it had some glaring problems. The first problem I have with this book is that it was a little too wordy. I read a lot and I'm used to having my text condensed and in a condensed form. But sometimes it is necessary, and sometimes it isn't. I can get past a few words, but I couldn't get past an entire paragraph. I've been looking for a book about the Mummy's curse since the mid 80's. This book gives us the best chance we've had in a while to learn a little more about it. The second problem is that the author has a tendency to say things that are not true. He says that there are no actual vampires, but there are. He also says that the Egyptian Mummies were actually a plague, but they weren't. He goes on to say that all the Egyptian kings were killed by the mummies. He doesn't say why, but the whole book makes no sense to me. I mean, if you are trying to teach about a curse, you don't say that it's a plague that kills kings. I don't know why he said all of this, but he did. But then the author then says that all of the Mummies that we know of were in Egypt, but then says the mummy that was found in Turkey is different. So is this the mummy from Turkey, the Egyptian mummy, the mummy in Turkey, or some other mummy? This is a book that is supposed to be about the mummy's curse, but you never really get a clear picture of who is the mummy, what the curse is, or even if the curse exists at all. Overall, this book did not give me enough information. I'll give the book a 3/5.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The book I had to read this time was "Dogs of the Bible" by John A. T. Robinson.   It's one of those books I never finished. I don't really care for this type of book.   (I'm glad that you didn't buy this book because the only thing you learned was that the Bible was wrong.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "I really liked this book. It was a very good read. I thought the author had a good grasp of how to write. But the book has several flaws, especially in how it covers the topic of mental illness. In this book, a person with schizophrenia is portrayed as having a great gift for being able to read people, and to see their thoughts and feelings. And he does. He's a genius. And his mental illness is used as a reason to be mean and to blame the other person for his own misfortunes. And that's just a wrong way to think about mental illness."   -Jared, on the title page of the book   My Rating: 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book at a book fair, and was really excited when I saw it. It was in a collection of "troublesome" books that included some good ones. I was a little disappointed when I started reading, but I kept going, and it did not disappoint. I have to say that I really like how the author has the characters describe themselves in the first chapter. They are all really interesting, and each of them has their own story. I also loved that each of the characters was so relatable. It is easy to see how one character could get into trouble, and how that person could become the villain in the story. It's also nice that the author didn't just jump right into the action, and had them all slowly and carefully get involved. I would love to see a book like this in the next year or so. This book is a must read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm disappointed that I'm reading this again after so many years. This is a very boring book. I understand that it's written by a man who doesn't have the most talented of plots, but he's writing a story that is clearly told, and I don't see the point in the story.   The characters are bland and the plot is very predictable. There is one major twist, and the ending is not surprising. There's also a few plot holes, but the story has no substance. I don�t want to continue reading this book.   I would have given this book an average rating if I hadn't heard so many good things about it. I've read many books that I really didn't like, but I still kept reading because I wanted to know what happened. In this case, I didn't want to know.   The story could have been much better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In this case, there was a very well written story, and I enjoyed the story, the characters, the plot, the dialogue, etc. I found the romance to be extremely interesting, and although I didn't love the characters I liked their relationships, and the plot was very well thought out. However, there were a couple of problems with the book, most of which had to do with the lack of a clear villain. The characters in the story don't feel like they were developed, but more like the main character was trying to do too much, and that it felt like they could have been better off. There is one thing that I thought about while reading the book that I think would be really cool if it was included in the book. There is a character who has the power to take control of people's minds, and he's very evil. This is what the book was about. I loved the way the character was introduced and I thought it would be amazing if the villain was more interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   It's just bad. I really like this book and it's interesting that they would try to take this idea of being a "hero" and make it a character that doesn't have the same power or the same qualities that a superhero would have.   The book is about a girl who is a high school senior and she's in a really tough time with her dad dying of cancer. She's been going to the same school as her dad for the last six years and she doesn't think she's doing good at school. Her father had a heart attack when she was a baby, and he died the day she turned 11. Her dad is the one who has been in her life since she can remember and she loves him so much that she didn't want to let him go, but the school's principal made her take his classes so she can graduate in a year.   (Spoiler: They are a bunch of horrible people. Not the best writing ever, but hey, a lot of people read this book. And it's not like this is the first time they've done a bad teacher/student relationship book. I'm still looking forward to the next one, because there's a lot I want to learn about the psychology behind a bad person, but this one is going to be a bad experience for me.)   When her dad died, she just kind of moved on from it, but then one day, her boyfriend of four years, a man named John, says he's going on a trip with his friends to California. And John is actually a really good guy, so I thought it would be fun to go along with them. I guess I wasn't thinking, "Oh hey, she's a highschool senior with a boyfriend, this will be great."   So we're at the airport. And I think I was excited because I hadn't gone on a vacation since I was in college. (I did go to a college reunion, but that's about it.) So I get to the hotel and I start to cry because I'm so happy. I don't think I've ever been happier in my entire life, but at the same time I'm like, "I'm a high-school senior! I have nothing to worry about!"   But the next morning, I wake up to find that my boyfriend and his friends are in a terrible car crash. And he died. And his best friend was killed. And they
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________This book is a poor representation of the world, and of life as a woman. I have no problems with the main character in this book, but the book really goes downhill from there. I liked the idea of a woman being a survivor, but this book is way too stereotypical, and the story just drags on and on. The protagonist has problems with women in her life, because she is a female and all women are horrible and mean and selfish. In the end, it's just really boring and cliche. The book is very long, so I don't know if it will get any better with a sequel. If you like female characters that have issues with other females, then this book will be right up your alley. However, if you like the idea that women have issues, and are generally pretty bad, this book isn't for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think it's a bad novel but it is really poorly written.  There's nothing interesting about it.  I've read a lot of novels that I felt were better than this one, so it really sucks.   The characters were not interesting:  The main character is a guy who's been kicked out of the group a few times.  In a few chapters he's really turned things around, though it took a while.  His sister is an overbearing bitch.  The protagonist of the story is a girl who's a virgin until she goes to a party where she meets a guy.  She doesn't want to have sex with him, but she does because she's a desperate slut and can't get any sex.  Her friends think she's stupid and disgusting for not wanting sex with a guy, but her parents don't really care.  At the end of the book, she decides to try to have intercourse with him because she really wants to, but doesn't know how.  When I finished the book I was disappointed, I didn't really get why I should care about her, why she's in the group and what she's doing there.  There's no good story:   This book is a waste of time.  If you're going to read a book, read a good book and then go out and have sex.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This is the first book in a series. I like the concept and the characters, but I don't feel like the book has enough depth or suspense to justify the price tag. The plot is mostly interesting, but there are just so many holes in the plot that the end result is just kind of dull. I don´t see how the author expects you to keep on reading this, but it is a bit disappointing. (I´m sure the sequel will be better.) I would have liked to have seen more of the background of the book, but as is, I don`t think it is going to hold my interest for long.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The story and characters were boring, the writing is clunky and a little corny. The plot is not very interesting. I feel like I was just a bystander and not really involved in the story, and that is a very bad feeling.   The author says she wanted to write about a couple, but she wanted the story to be about two boys. I'm not sure I buy that. The author's writing style is so unnatural and unnatural sounding. I found it hard to understand what she was saying because she was so out of it. I just could not take her writing style.   to top it off the story ended in a cliffhanger. What's up with that?   This book could have been great. I love how it's written. But I just did not enjoy it. The writing style could have had so much more depth and I feel this book was a wasted opportunity.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book after the first time I read the previous book. I did not want to re-read the book again as I thought that book was really bad and I would not like it any more than the first one, which I did like but I thought it was a bit confusing and had some confusing ideas and I was just trying to follow what was going on, but I think I got the gist of it, and the plot, although very confusing, was still very good, and I thought the ending was pretty great.   It had some very good scenes in it, I just did not like what happened to the characters.  The story is interesting and the characters are interesting but I just think the book was a little too confusing to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- *I liked the idea of a new world, but didn't like the ending.* *Very, very short, with just a few things left to do, but nothing was particularly interesting.*
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring.  The characters were uninteresting, the plot was uninteresting and the characters were boring. It was so boring I wanted to stop reading the book and turn it into a TV show.  I'm sorry, but it's just not worth it. I don't understand how a book with the word 'Worm' in the title has the most boring characters in the world.  You can tell from the first paragraph that this book was not written for the reader.  There's not a single character that I cared about, not one of them.  This book was just a bunch of scenes that had little to no meaning to the story. I really had to force myself to continue reading this book.  Not only did it not add anything to the world, it was completely boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book, but I felt like it was a bit over-the-top and cheesy. The writing is very good, but the whole thing seems a bit contrived and it's hard to connect with the main character.  The author tries to do it with humor, but then again, it's all over the place.  My second favorite book: The Girl With All the Gifts by Roald Dahl is another very creepy book, and it also has an interesting character. If you like creepy books, then this is a must read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- It's a bit dry. I didn't really feel anything while reading it, so I'm assuming it's the pacing that wasn't very good. I just think that the story wasn't all that good and the characters were really flat.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It is a good book but it is not a classic. It is a well-written, well-constructed novel but it lacks depth. It's a good novel, but not a great one."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book as a gift and my Santa is a horrible person. The book was very poorly written, the illustrations were horrible and the author clearly knows nothing about any of the characters. I was very disappointed in this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________ My wife and I were so excited about this book. It is about the "Cajun Code", a code of etiquette that has been practiced for centuries by people who have been on the wrong end of the law. But it's not about the Code itself - it's about the way it's been interpreted and how it's become a kind of code of honor for the people who know it and the people it is applied to. I really enjoyed the book because it has a lot of stories of how it was practiced in various parts of the country, and there are stories about the people doing the actual practice. And the stories are so fascinating and the stories of the people practicing it are just as interesting. The stories about how the code was applied to people are also fascinating and are not just the stories that I read about but the stories I read of how the Code was interpreted by the courts and what they interpreted the Code to be. The book is about all the stories.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   ... If you can put up with the constant references to the author's'sexuality' and 'gayness', and the occasional mention of 'panties', then this will be a good read. This is a very enjoyable read. It is very good on the topic of homosexuality and sexuality in the 20th century. It's a bit of a slog at times, but I can't deny the enjoyment it brings to the table.  9 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________" This book is awful. The only good thing about this book is that it's not actually about the Holocaust, but it does contain a few good historical details. However, the book is very inaccurate about the events of the Holocaust. For example, the "Holocaust" was not a genocide, it was a mass murder that included many different groups. The Jewish people were not the only ones that suffered, the non-Jews as well. The Nazis did not kill all the Jews, many people were killed, and the Jewish people in general suffered greatly from the Holocaust (the "Final Solution"). The "Final solution" was a Nazi idea, not the Jews' idea. It was the Germans who wanted to eliminate the Jews in Europe, not all of the Jews. The Holocaust was a huge catastrophe and it did happen, but only a few million Jews were killed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. The prose is clunky and doesn't make sense. The main character is too perfect. She is too intelligent and doesn,t seem to have a lot of emotional growth. The story is very one-sided and boring. I found the book boring and repetitive. I don't even want to finish this book because I don' t think I will like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really enjoyed this book. I had trouble believing that a "normal" person could have an affair with a pedophile but that's what happened to me. I was completely shocked. There is also a good part about the relationship with the pedophile in the book. The book is well written and it is well worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never read anything by Stephen King and this book just made me very sad.  This is the first Stephen King book I've ever heard of but it didn't take long before I found this book on Amazon.    This is just a complete waste of time.  Plot:   The novel begins with an unnamed protagonist named Robert Ford who has just left a mental institution.    He is being watched by the government after he escaped from an insane asylum and he thinks that a UFO will rescue him. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a terrible book.  It doesn't have any plot and has no characters to relate to.   And I don't mean this in the usual way "I hated this book" but rather in the way "This is just boring."    There is absolutely nothing that makes you want to read more, but if you are a fan of the book you probably won't care.  The author has made a lot of money from this book, so it's unlikely that he will release a sequel.  I am a big fan of horror and this book is not scary, it's just confusing.  I would not recommend this book to anyone but if horror is your thing this is a good book to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book was a complete waste of time. It wasn't even interesting enough to read, but I'm sure it will be a fun read when the time comes. **********   The plot of this book was lame, and I had no idea why I was reading it. I don't know what the author is trying to do with this book. It is really only about a man who decides to live a more interesting life. It could have been about the man's wife who is a bit jealous of him. Or the two of them could have talked about what they were going to do after they got the book. But, it is only about him, and not about them. That makes no sense at all.   There were several characters in this book, but they were not very interesting. There is nothing interesting about the two kids. And, the husband's character is not even interesting, because he is not in the story at all! The two main characters are very annoying. The husband is the worst. I just couldn't stand him. And the wife is just annoying. It seems the author decided to make her a woman, but she is just a woman. I guess that makes sense. She is married and has a kid, and that's the only part she is doing in the book (at least the part she wasn't doing in my other book). I can't believe she even has a name. I mean, she's a woman! So, it's okay, but why did the author want to make this book about her? I don a name and she doesn't even show up!   Also, the plot is a complete mess. The story is very bad. It's the kind of story where you just throw away the book and read something else. I didn't understand a thing about it.   The only reason I'm giving this book 4 stars is because it was entertaining. I'll give the author a chance to make a better book, because I would really like to see her write a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to imagine a more awful and boring book. I'm not sure what the author was thinking when she decided to write about the history of the Irish and the Irish in America.   The first chapter is devoted to describing a couple of Irish immigrants who settled in the New World and how they ended up killing and raping native people. I have to admit, I was a little disappointed with the first half of the book. It's hard for me to read about a group of immigrants who are so obviously evil that I was surprised they were even mentioned in the book at all. I don't know if it was a plot device to make the Irish seem less evil, or if the author just didn't care about the people who lived in the Irish settlements. Either way, it felt like the author had written a bad history book. Then the chapter on Irish culture is all about the terrible potato famine that took place in Ireland in the 1800's. Then comes the chapter about the potato famine in Ireland, and the fact that the potato was grown in Ireland but they didn't use the best potatoes. Then there's the section on the potato crop and the potato crisis in Ireland.  Then there's a section on what the potato did to the Irish during the potato shortage and how the potato had a direct impact on the Irish economy.   Then the section about the famine in India. Then, the chapter is about the Irish immigrants in the United States.  Then, there's about the "Hibernian rebellion" and what happened to the "Famine Irish".   After that is the section with the Irish Catholics. The last few pages are about how the Irish have become more assimilated in America over the past two hundred years, and they are becoming "Americanized".  Then there are several more pages about the Potato Famine.  Now, the first section was just terrible, and that's why I'm giving the book one star.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________The only good thing about this book is the author's attempt to portray a different perspective. ____________________________I would love to read a book like this. _________________________________________Overall rating: ______________5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not a great book but it is the first book I've read by the author of The Martian. The story is well written, the characters are likable, the plot is interesting, and the ending was a little bit unexpected. The book is a bit slow paced and the plot seems to be a bit weak, but it's not enough to stop me from recommending this book to everyone I know.  7.0/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ I really wanted to like this book, but I couldn't. I didn't hate it, I just couldn't find a way to like it. The plot is boring and slow and there is a lack of depth. The book is about a girl who has an accident and wakes up to find her life completely changed. Her life was full of joy until the accident and it was taken away from her. I couldn´t relate to any of the characters and the characters are very flat. This is just a good, but boring book, nothing else.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This is not a book that I'd recommend to my friends. I got a free copy of this book from my library after I got through reading a couple of other titles on the subject. The author does not really tell us anything about what's going on, what's wrong with it, why it's so bad, what can be done about it, etc. All we get is a bunch of facts and figures that have nothing to do with the actual story. I have to agree with others that the story itself is pretty bad. It starts out pretty well enough with a plot that's not really all that bad, although the ending left a lot to be desired. That's all I'm going to say about the story for now.   This is an interesting concept. What's so unique about the premise? Well, it's basically a story about a group of children who all have a connection with a magical crystal (it's actually a crystal ball). They are sent on a quest by a wizard, and they're not allowed to go on the quest without a crystal. The only problem is that the wizard wants the crystal for himself, but the children are having none of that. In fact, they don't want to go, because they're afraid of what they'll find. The story progresses from one child's fear and frustration, to another child's desire for freedom, to a third child's acceptance of what's happening, and the final child's realization of how important his freedom is. It's a story that explores a very unique and important theme, and that theme is the freedom of the child. If you're a parent and you're considering getting a child involved with magic, this is a book you may want to read. It has a very dark, disturbing storyline, but it does give a lot of good information about the whole situation.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "An easy read, but one that will leave you wondering what the hell just happened." -  BookLover "The book was great! I had to read it twice, the second time I was thinking "wait, there's something more to this? Maybe it's just the first chapter and there are more."  Well, yes.  It's just not enough." - "I love it! I love it!!!" -  "A great read. It was interesting, it was interesting!  I'm a sucker for books about science and technology.    I'm a fan of this book!" - You might be wondering why I'm not on the "best of the best" list.  I'll be honest.  It's not that I don't love this book.  No, I love the idea of a world that is powered by magic.  I love how the magic system has been done.  And, I don´t care about the author.  He's done a fine job, but I'm looking for more, something more exciting.  So, for me, I'm left wondering:  "Did he do this for the love of the story?  Did he do it because he loved the story so much that he wanted to write more stories about it?  Or did he just want to write another book that's about magic?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was interesting. It was the first in a trilogy and the first book in a new series.   Unfortunately, it fell short of the hype I had been expecting.  The writing was good but I was never impressed with the characters or the world building.  This series was supposed to be more epic in scope.  I was expecting a lot more than the first two books in the series. I'm disappointed in this series and I'm sorry that I was given a flawed book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best parts of the book were the illustrations and the history section. The book is very well researched, the pictures are very good, and it's easy to get into the history of the story. The historical aspects are interesting, and the illustrations are very nicely done. It's a nice read, especially if you want to see what life was like during the Great Depression. However, the history is very confusing. There are a lot of points about the book that were hard to get, and I ended up just skipping around to avoid the history sections.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read some really great books in my time, but there is no better example of how to be a bad writer than this one. I can only imagine the amount of time I spent on it, only to find that I'm only able to finish it by the end of the second chapter. The story itself is fine. It has an amazing set-up of a new character that will have her first major confrontation against the bad guys in a story that's pretty good. The author also did a great job of showing that a good hero needs the help of a bad guy and this story does a great work at showing that. The problem is that after the introduction of this new character, the author wastes her time to give us one of the worst bad guys I've ever seen. The only redeeming thing is that I really enjoyed the art by Tania Riedel, it's a nice addition.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you are a sci fi or fantasy fan and have not read this one, I strongly suggest you do so. It's one of my favorite books of the last ten years and it deserves more attention than it's getting.   I really enjoyed the book and the characters, although the first part of the book is a bit slow. It really builds the mystery for a few chapters before the story really picks up speed. It gets better as it goes on. The story is a classic that I can't wait to read again, and the book has some great characters.   a  If the first half of the story didn't get me interested, I'd have to say that the second half is a keeper.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't understand the whole point of the book, but I can understand the first few chapters. The book has the same basic structure, but that's about it. The writing style is awful and it makes reading the book a chore. I read this in one sitting because I can't get through it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   A very poor book! I read the blurb, and then I didn't want to finish the book!  (reviewed the day of purchase)  Review by: John G on Dec. 27, 2010 :  I really didn't get what this book was all about. The plot was just so unbelievable and I was so bored by it all. The author does not know how to use a real name for his character, and it was just too much. The whole book was very hard to follow and I just gave up on the whole book and decided to skip to the end. It just seems like he is trying to get you to read this book, but it's not worth it.   I give it one star because it was a good read, but that's all it was, and I'm glad I didn  Overall Rating: *  Reader Comments:  "I know you want it to be real."  —Author, "The Real Life of a Superhero"  Comments  comments
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** I really like this book. It is the first book I've read about the French Revolution, and I was surprised how well it explained the political events and personalities of that time. I found that there were some mistakes and omissions, however, it is definitely a worthwhile read for the history buffs.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I was really looking forward to this book. I'm in my mid-20's, and I'm not sure if I will ever be able to go to a bookstore and find something I love. The thing that keeps me from giving up on a book is a few things. I don't usually have an issue with fantasy. I like the classics. But, I had high expectations for this book, and while the author did do some things well, he did so in a way that was... well... annoying. The main character, Sam, is a total dick. I know this is the main point of the book, but it just got to be a bit much. Sam has a really strong sense of his own self worth. This is very important to him, and it's really hard for him to let others know that he feels that way. He also has a strong moral code, and he really wants to do what's right, but his sense of morality gets in the way of doing what's good. And then, there's the fact that Sam is a vampire. Vampire's aren't the best characters. The reason that they are the best is that they really want to do good, but the fact of the matter is that it's a very hard thing to do. They're very selfish. And when you're a vampire, you're completely on your own. You don't have a community to help you. You're on your self-appointed quest to become as powerful as possible. You have to find a way to be as strong as possible so that you can kill and eat as many people as you possibly can. That's not to say that a vampire is bad, or that Sam isn't an interesting character. But the fact is that he's very self-centered and selfish. I wanted to like him, but he just became annoying. --------------------------- The book's conclusion was pretty bad. The vampire that Sam has become, is trying to get back to the way he was before he turned. And that's bad. Sam is so consumed with wanting to kill the person who was once in control of him, that he ends up getting trapped in a cage with his ex-partner. The fact that they're stuck together is bad. They can't do anything but stay as far away from each other as possible, and they're not going to let their feelings get in the middle of it. ------------ I think that I might like this book more
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had this book for a few years, but I didn't really like it. I was trying to find a book that I could use to teach a younger generation about the world. I found the book to be too "girly", too "easy", too romantic, too simplistic and just too much. It was a bit too "old fashioned" for me. There is a lot of "just follow the rules" attitude in the book. This book is definitely not the right choice for the younger generation. I really hope the author reads this review and changes some things. If not, I will definitely not be buying this book again. I don't recommend it for the general reader or even for those in their late teens and early twenties.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   If I could give it 0 stars, I would. It's not worth the read. It was a fun read but the characters didn't have any depth and they just were boring. It wasn't until the last book that they got more depth and it was very disappointing.   I also didn't really like the book format of the series. I've read many series that were serialized and I found it boring to have to wait a few years to see more about the characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was a total disappointment. I found it to be a very dry and tedious read. There are very few characters and it takes about 20 minutes to get to know any one of them. This is a bad sign for a story about an alien invasion and the humans trying to fight back. I thought that the author would be able to write something interesting about aliens because it is the main point of the story but instead we got boring cliche alien invasion book that will bore you to death.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This is a book that I would not recommend to anyone who doesn't have the knowledge and experience to understand and appreciate the nuances of how the world of the occult works and the reasons why it's so complicated. If you are just curious, or are trying to learn about the occult and its workings, I would suggest checking out some other sources. This book is not going to be for you. It's more of a textbook on the subject than a comprehensive guide to the subject.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so happy to get this book. I'm a huge fan of the Harry Potter series, but I was disappointed in this one. This is a book I never heard of, so I was pleasantly surprised when I finally found it on Goodreads and gave it a try. It's really good. Harry is one of my favorite characters, and the story has some good moments. But there are so many problems in this book that I feel like I wasted my time on it. First off, the author's style is very different from the way Rowling wrote her books. Her writing is so detailed, and in my opinion, Rowling's books were way more readable. Here, the writing style is almost as detailed as Rowling's, but it's a little boring to read. It doesn't make the book any more enjoyable, but there is something about the way the author writes that I don't like. She writes like a character in the book would write, and I don the characters' names and personality so many times. I was bored by the author. The main problem with this book is that it's really long. And not just long, but a really long book that's too long for what it's about. I just finished it, and it's still the longest book I've ever read. The characters were so unlikable that I couldn't care about anything. I felt like I was reading a book by someone who's writing a novel and didn't have the ability to write well. It also didn't help that there are some scenes in the story where the author has to use a flashback to get a character's point across, and that's just a really annoying way to do it. So, I guess I was really looking forward to this book, but after reading it, I'm not so sure I would recommend it to anyone. I think it's just bad. I would give it 2 stars because the story is good. I also don't mind the author being different from Rowling, but just don't have a good way to write. I wouldn't read another Harry Potter book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping this book was a sequel to " The Man in the High Castle " or " The War of the Worlds," but it's not. It's much more a standalone. This book isn't very funny, so if you're a comedy fan, you'll be very disappointed. And for some reason, it's a little too "Star Trek"-ish. I didn't understand why they'd go to such lengths to create a futuristic world without any alien races or anything. There's a lot of talk about the human race, and the problems with our technology, but not a lot about aliens. It feels like the writers are too interested in the technological developments that will save the day, rather than the actual problems with that technology. I'd recommend this book to anyone who's tired of the same old sci-fi. It gets a B, though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________________   I'm a huge fan of both of these authors, but this is a very disappointing book. First, the narrator. She is so obviously trying to be funny, but the jokes just fall flat, even though she tries to make them funny. The humor is good enough in the first half, but after that it just gets worse. She sounds like she's trying to imitate a comedian. She's like the guy who tries to be like a comedian, but it just doesn't work.   Secondly, the book is so slow, you can't understand what is going on, even with a good dictionary (which the author makes very clear). The sentences are so long that it's almost like a bad film. It's so hard to tell what's going on because it's so dense. The story is so confusing. It was so boring that I couldn't understand anything, but if I tried to read it again, I could probably understand a few things. The author claims that the plot is complicated, but I didn't understand much of it. I was just so bored with it. The writing was terrible. It makes you want to throw the book across the room.   the plot: _____________________   the author claims to be "the one and only author to be completely correct in his predictions". but his book is a mess, which I think is a good thing, since it made it much easier for me to write my own book. I'm also disappointed that the author didn't have a better grasp on how to write a novel. There were many parts that I had to put together myself, and that was a real pain in the ass. The book didn't make any sense at all, and the author couldn't keep his plot straight, so there's no way that I could have read it in its entirety. I'll probably never buy a book by this author again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book as part of a gift and it was really good. It was a good, easy read. However, the characters were not. There were some good points about them, and some things that annoyed me, but the main problem I had was the plot. The whole thing seemed like it had been written by someone who had never really played with children or read a children's book before. I know this because it's not like that, but I would have liked to have seen a bit more of a plan. I didn't like the way the children behaved, either. I'm sure they thought that their way of play was right, but it wasn't. It just seemed like they were having a bit of fun, and were not being taught any rules about how to behave.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author is a very smart person, and I can see that he's been trying to come up with a coherent story that would make sense as an interactive book. I like the idea of the book, but the execution is a huge let down. The whole thing is set up to be about an artificial intelligence, but that's not even a plausible story. It just ends up being a lot of repetitive talking heads talking at you about things that happen to them and have nothing to do with what you're actually reading about. It's like someone tried to write a book about a book, and ended up writing a book that's about a story about a talking head. That's it.   I would suggest reading the first book in the series.  4/5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********   I was extremely disappointed with this book.   For those of you who have not read this book yet, I suggest you do so. I am giving this a 4 star because I feel that it is an interesting story and has some nice elements to it. I was hoping to read a book that is more about the culture and history of the world than the people and places in it. However, the characters were all incredibly clichéd and generic, which was really disappointing.  's main character, Alex, is a former military man that has gone on a spiritual quest, as he has stated, and has found God. When he gets back to his old life, he finds that it has become a very different one. He is now married to a woman he has never met before, and his family is very different. He has become very religious and has his own church. The ending was not a happy one for Alex as he is forced to leave his family and religion behind and live a life without his wife and children.  : )   This book was a great read, but I would not recommend it to anyone, especially not the first time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot of things: a story, a history of a certain place, a travelogue, and a look at the way we see the world. But for me, it is a book about the world we have created in our minds. And while this book does tell us some very interesting things, there is nothing really new here. The author's message is still one of hope. It's not that there are no good stories in this book - there are. But this book is just a rehash of the same old "the good guys are winning" story. The good guys who aren't really good. This book should have been titled "The Good Guys are Always Right." There are still good guys, but most of them are on the other side. This is a reminder to everyone that sometimes good guys win, but the bad guys are still there, too. The book is definitely worth the read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed that it didn't provide me with a lot of insight into the life of this woman, as her experiences and emotions are interesting and relatable. She was also a very hard person to read about because of her extreme and strong opinions and beliefs that I couldn't relate to. It was a bit of a slog for me. I also was surprised at the time it took me to finish the book, and found myself wanting more information. This book was fun, but I'd rather read a book with more depth to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a poor grasp of science. In his attempt to argue that there's no proof that God exists, he's simply ignoring the facts.  What evidence would he have to prove his claims? He's ignoring the evidence that there are millions of religions around the world, and the fact that religions vary in their doctrines. He ignores the evidence of evolution, and even claims that the Bible was written by people who were blind. As a Christian, I believe that God gives us free will. God is not going to allow us to sin. God's love is the reason that we are all here. There are many things that we know for sure:  - God created the universe - The earth is about 6000 years old - People have had a direct experience with God - We were not created as we are now, but were given a free will to choose what we want to believe - Humans can do anything that they want, including the Bible If God does exist, why did he create the universe?  Why does the Bible teach that there is only one way to heaven? Why do some people think that the Earth is only 6000 years?  In all the years that I've been involved with the church, I've never heard anyone say that the earth is 6000 years.   This is not a Bible study book, it is a bible for the Christian who wants to understand how science works.  The reason that I gave the book a 1 star rating is that the author does not understand the scientific method.  Science doesn't have a closed system, and he doesn't understand that. He thinks that a belief in God is a test of scientific knowledge.  He seems to think that if you believe in God, you must be scientific and logical. I believe the scientific test is that we can make an observation and test the facts, and if they match up with the theory, then the theory is confirmed. If they do not, then it is called a contradiction, and it is dismissed.  I have never heard him say that any of the scientific evidence disproves God.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   "I read this book and I don't want to be near it again. I hate the title, hate the cover, hate this story.   If you're a fan of horror/thriller novels with a great twist, and you don't like vampires, don't read this one.   to be fair, the twist is good. I liked that the vampires were very smart.   and I liked the plot.   the twist was good, I didn't mind it at all.   is this good. i will be back to the other books in the series though.   of course, this book is not a vampire novel. I am very sad about that.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I loved this book! I was looking for a good one and this one was it. I love the characters and how the story progresses and it was just perfect. It's one of those books that you don't think "This is going to be a good book" but the plot comes together and it's great! I didn't hate it, but it was good! I love to read the Harry Potter books and I'm glad I found this one!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a good read but is way too short to really be worth the price.  It's not that the book isn't interesting or worth reading but the story is just way too simplistic to really stand out from the rest of the genre.    I don't like reading about people going on adventures.  This book is about a man who goes on a journey with a bunch of friends to get back at the people who ruined his life.  The story is really boring and I found myself getting bored after a while.  I'm not saying this book is bad.  It is a well written book and I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good story and likes action adventure stories.  If you are interested in reading about a guy and his friends traveling around the world, then this is a must read for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess. It is a poorly written book about a really great subject. The characters are so stupid and the writing is so awful that I found myself rolling my eyes at the end of the book. The book is also incredibly confusing, so I'm guessing the author didn't write it in a very logical way. If you have no interest in any of the characters, don't read this book. If, on the other hand, you like the characters in this book, or have a good sense of humor, I recommend this book to you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________   I really loved the book. The premise is that a man has a friend, but she's a jerk and she's constantly cheating on him and not returning his phone calls. He finally gets fed up and does something about it. He goes to the police and finds out that her husband is also a jerk, but he doesn't have a clue. This is where it really shines. The man in the book has his own demons. His wife is a jerk too, but it's just his own faults and not a case of him being a horrible husband. So it's not like he has to be a jerk to get his own back. This book is very realistic and I found it to be extremely fun. It had so many twists and turns and it was very entertaining. The way it ended made me very sad because I thought I was going to get closure. I really enjoyed this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great example of how NOT to write a book review.  I've been a long-time reader of DFW and I was always a huge fan of his work, but this book just did not work for me.  It's just not as good as the first one! The first book was just as good and much more fun.  The second book was a bit more mature and had a good plot.    I didn't like it.  I'm still looking for a new one, but I won't be waiting long for it!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is a bit lacking in plot development, and I think it's a little difficult to follow the plot. The beginning of the book, where the main character has a very minor role in the plot, is a little dull. I was waiting for a little more.  I was also a bit disappointed with how the characters came out.  The main character, for instance, is just one dimensional.  I'm glad I read this book, because it's got the same sort of feel to it as The Catcher in the Rye, except this book isn't as funny.  I really enjoyed the characters, and the plot had a very dark feel to the beginning.  But, once the story really starts to get going, it gets a bit tiring.  At times I was really trying to stay on track, and it was really difficult to keep up with.  After reading this book I had a hard time focusing on any of the characters.  And, this book definitely left me wanting a sequel, although I haven't given up on the idea.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is very interesting but the characterizations are shallow. This is probably because this is the first book in a series and it's the first in a long time. The characters don't get developed enough to be interesting but I still liked the premise of the book and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys urban fantasy.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________________ The most negative review I've read was written by a self-described Christian who claimed the Bible taught he should beat his wife if she disobeyed him, and that he should have a Bible in the car. That's the worst sort of Christian I've ever encountered, but there are many more like him. "Bible study" is a euphemism for "reading the Bibles for your self and you'll have a better understanding of your religious beliefs." There are some really good books on religion out there, but this book is just terrible. There is so much wrong with it, I'm not sure what's supposed to be good about it. I found this book a waste of my time. I couldn't believe it. It's so obvious what the author has to say about the Bible. ___________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book. The main character, a girl, was my favorite character in this book and the most interesting, even when I thought the author was pushing her a little too hard in a couple of the scenes.  However, I did have a few problems with the book: 1)  The main character is a little immature for a 14 year old girl and has to deal with bullying from her older sister and classmates.  2)   The main girl was a bit annoying to read about but was interesting enough to keep me reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:     This book is very similar to the other "how to become a writer" books I have read. They all seem to focus on the same thing: write a lot and do it for a long time. I have no idea how many hours I spent on this one, but I know it was a very long time and that I could not make it through the entire thing without getting very bored.   This is an example of a writer who knows that he can get a lot out of a short book, but then goes about writing a book that is almost completely uninteresting. There are a lot of scenes and descriptions of scenes, but not much character development and very little action. There is a lot about the writing process, but the author does not really delve into that. He uses his writing technique to show a character struggling with a problem and then leaves him to it. There isn't a lot to the story beyond this, so if you're looking for a short story then you'll be disappointed.   the writing style of this book is pretty good but the story is pretty weak
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you've never read the books in the series, or even read anything by Stephen King, then this will be a waste of time. It is a rehash of the book that got the series off the ground (which is pretty much what it is) and I found it to be quite shallow. I was hoping for more than just the same old thing that everyone else seems to be raving about.    16 of 18 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. It's just too bad that this book is just so bad, and has so many issues. I would have loved to have been able to finish it and find something worthwhile in it. The author has not even attempted to make her characters interesting. This is not to say that the writing is bad - far from it. It just isn't what I would call "good". The story was about a boy who gets a magic book and a girl who is so sick of being told how wonderful she is that she decides to try to use it to change the world. It does not go very well. First of all, she does not seem to have a problem with people's racism. She has her own personal experiences with it that make her racist but she makes it work. This doesn't work. She spends most of the book using the book to try and change the society around her. The book is about her trying to do that. I'm not sure if she just can't grasp how racism affects others or if she's just a terrible writer. She doesn't seem to understand the concept of empathy, which is a huge problem when it comes to racism. The story goes from bad to worse and never really improves. She does have a lot of fun with her character and I enjoyed it, but I think it was all just a façade. The characters were so bland that I found myself rolling my eyes whenever they spoke to me. She is a very good writer and her prose is really good, but her characters are not. I wouldn't recommend this book at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is not a good book, but the review that I wrote for the book has caused it to be a popular book. It is just one more reason that I hate books in general. I've had so many that I have lost count, but I'm going to go with The Devil in The White City by Erik Larson as the book I've read that made me wish that my Kindle hadn't died. There is just so much good in this book that I could never find a way to hate it. I have been a fan of Larson since he was a child and the books that he has written have been among my favorite for years. This is no exception. I really did not know how to rate this book because it has nothing to do with my taste in literature. It's just another good book by a talented author.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________.  I just finished reading the book, and I am very disappointed.   This book is not an easy read, and it is also not very good, but it is still a great story that is well-written.  -There is a lot of action and danger in the book. But this is done in a way that makes it believable, as if it is something that could happen to a person.  -This book has a lot more action than other books. However, the story doesn't get boring.  . : The characters are not very realistic. It is not that they don't have their good and bad sides, but there is not much of a human side to them. They are like automatons, but they have personalities. They have been programmed to have certain traits. They get annoyed easily, and are very quick to anger. They feel emotions, but not in a natural way. They only have the emotions that they are programmed to feel.   and this is just a list of things that I liked.  I would not recommend this book to anyone, as the story is not very well written, and the characters are quite flat.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very good story, I just wish that the characters were a little less realistic. A lot of the time it was just her doing things because that's what she had to do, like saving the lives of the people she loves. But the rest of the book is just her just being a spoiled princess, always trying to get the best of people and to the point that she is even willing to sacrifice herself. I didn't really like her attitude, but I also didn't want her to go out of her way to help someone she doesn't really care about. It was more like she just wanted to be popular. 7 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   I read this book because it was recommended by a friend. I am not a huge sci-fi fan but I love books that have interesting characters. This book was just not interesting. The characters were flat. The plot was too basic to keep my attention. I don't even know how to begin to describe this book. It was very disappointing.   Rating: 1 1/2 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________ "A good read, but I found it boring. "
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My mom and I bought this book for our daughter who was very excited about learning how to draw and had recently bought a new tablet.   She has had a few books about drawing but I was very surprised at how poorly the book is written and presented.  The pictures are very simplistic and not very detailed and while the teacher has some interesting ideas the explanations of how she got them are not very clear or helpful.  My favorite part is when the book goes on to talk about some more complex subjects and how to use color, shape and light to create interesting art.  There are no instructions on how to learn any of these concepts so there is no chance for the students to follow along.  I am hoping that this book gets updated with new content in the future.  The book is definitely not a "beginner's guide" but rather a "basic drawing book" that doesn't cover the whole spectrum of artistic possibilities.  In a way, the book encourages students to look outside the box instead of trying to learn how to do something as complex as how to create an interesting art composition.  This book would have been much better if it had included more information on how different types of drawing works and how some of the concepts are actually related. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was so looking forward to this book, so excited about the story, and I was completely let down! I read this book because it was a gift for a friend and I've never read a book from the author before so I was excited to read it.   The book is a lot of fun, but it's not very well written and the ending left me totally disappointed! I think this book could have been better if the author had made more progress with the story. The plot is really simple but it gets really interesting when you really look into what's going on in the author's mind.   to give you a good idea of what I'm talking about: the author has a dream about the moon, and he wakes up to find that he's the only one who can go to the moon because everyone else is dead or gone! He sets out to save everyone, but there's an ancient evil that's been plaguing him for a long time, and is trying to get him to the evil moon. He gets to the dark moon, but he's in for a rude awakening when he discovers that he has no choice but to kill everyone and everyone is a good guy! He does this for reasons I don't understand, but I really don't think it's worth the risk. The book's only problem is that it ends before the author could have gotten to the good guys.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really wanted to like this book. It's just so much fun, that you can't help but laugh out loud at every single one of the jokes. The only thing I'm a bit disappointed in is that they are too numerous to list.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I would have loved to have seen more of the story, but the ending just wasn't as interesting as I was hoping. The plotline seems to be building to a big reveal that makes the book a bit more worthwhile.  Did you have any problems listening to the audiobook? Was this a tough listen?  The first two or three chapters were very hard to get through, as they were written in a rather dry manner. This made the plot more difficult to follow.  the end of the book was much more enjoyable. The author does an excellent job at building the mystery of the novel and keeping the reader on their toes.  is there a scene or passage of your day that is particularly memorable?  in what ways do you think this book will affect you in the future? , it's not a particularly good book by any means, but I'm glad that the author tried to make something out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I don't understand why you give a book a bad review just because you dislike the author's style.   This book is a very good read.  It has the same style as "The Hobbit", "Lord of the Rings", and "Lord Of The Rings" books.  And I love the style and humor of the author.  I can't wait for more books from him. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was looking for a book that taught me about the mechanics of running a business. I've read some books and heard others talk about it, but nothing that was useful to me.   This book is a good start. It's concise and easy to follow. It includes the history of the sport and a lot of facts. The only real downside to the book is that it is written for a high school level, and I have a high School diploma. But it's still a good starting point.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it was on sale and I was looking for something short. It was a terrible read. The narrator is not very good. She has a bad accent and it sounds really bad. There are other problems, too. The writing style is very awkward, the pacing is bad, the characters are not very interesting. The only good thing about this book is that I found the ending very satisfying. I know, it's kind of sad, but it's true.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I am an idiot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book, but it's the author's presentation of it that is the problem.  I found myself wanting to know more about the characters, but the author doesn't seem to want to be too descriptive about the events.  The ending was not entirely satisfying.  This book is a fun read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I read this in one day. The first time I read a book in a very long time. It was like an old friend, it was the book I'd been looking for. A bit confusing, the ending left a lot to be desired, but the story is worth it.   It's a mystery book. It's a bit dry, I would have liked a little more of a story line, but it's a fun book. I think I would enjoy this book if I was a detective, but for anyone who loves a good mystery it's perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________.   1. The book is full of errors, and this is not the first time it's happened. If you can't keep up with the errors, you will be unable to understand the author's intent.   (I have been through this book many times before, and I have never seen a mistake that can't be fixed with a single click. The first thing the book does is tell you what is wrong with the previous chapter. The second thing it does is say "this chapter will be corrected" -- which means it will not be corrected, and it will get worse.  )   2. The author's purpose of the book is to show the way to make a profit by writing a book that sells. This is why he doesn't use a fancy title. It's a book on the fundamentals of writing, but he wants you to think it's a secret to making money. It is not.  ....   3. He is an experienced writer, but the writing style of the first half of the books is terrible. This happens for a reason: he is trying to teach you how to write a book, not a marketing guide.   a. This book is not a "how to" book, but a "what can you do" book. If I were to do this to a client, I would teach him how to use the internet to write, how to publish a book and sell it, how make it available for free, and how to sell the book on his website. It would be an awesome book, one that he would probably write, and which would be extremely popular, just like this one. But he isn't going to do that. Instead, he goes to the next step.   the book starts off by telling you about how you can create a website, how you will write a marketing copy, and then how to make it work. He then moves on to "the other" part of the "How to" books: making the book available for sale, and selling it.   "The other" is where he gets a little weird. This part is called "The Art of Selling." And, as the name suggests, it's supposed to be about creating a sales pitch. But in this book, the author starts out by telling the reader how to create the sales pitch, and by the time he's finished, he's telling them how to get the book published, and what they should
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this book was worth my time or money. I know there are people who love it, but I was never really a fan. The writing style is really cliche and the writing is pretty repetitive. This book is written to be read at the beach, but the author clearly did not do research. The author is just too much of a lazy writer. I mean, why do they even bother? Why would you make it this long?  If you're a casual reader or just a reader of books, you will probably find a lot of things to dislike.  This is a really long book and you can't expect a good read out of it.  1.0 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The worst thing about this book is that the author is just wrong about a lot of things. His theory about the brain being able to store new knowledge about things is just completely wrong. The way he shows it is that your brain can hold an enormous amount of information at a time. But he fails to explain how the brain does this, he doesn't know how it does it, he simply assumes it is some sort of "memory". He also fails to realize that this is a completely wrong assumption, the brain cannot hold that much information, it simply can't. The brain is incredibly inefficient at this, it can hold a small amount of info at a given time but it is a slow process, it takes many years for the brain to do it. And this is why the brain is prone to forgetting new information: it is incredibly slow. It takes days or weeks for a new piece of information to sink in, you just don't have the ability to hold on to information that long.   I can say this book really sucked me in because the premise of it was really interesting and I really liked it. But the way he explained it was just a complete joke. And I really can't recommend this book to anyone because it really just is just a horrible way to explain the brain. I just don`t get the premise and I can`t recommend this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have read this book several times, and I have always been satisfied with it.  I don't mind a good story, and there are many of them here.  The main character is a very interesting and realistic person, although her actions are very questionable.  Unfortunately, the book doesn't really get going, and after about 400 pages or so I felt that I was wasting my time with it (though I am not sure why).  Overall, I am disappointed that this book was written. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college and thought it was pretty good. The only problem is that the book was written for a more general audience, and so it didn't give the book the depth that I think it deserves.  The book is written in the style of a short story, so it's very easy to read.  I think the author was trying to make a very specific point about being a "professional", but he got a little lost on the way there.   The author also made a mistake in the description of the character of his hero, in that the hero was described as being a man who never had a girlfriend (a stereotype of the male nerd, I'm sure), but then the hero goes on to be a successful author, and in fact he gets married, so that's another stereotype.  I found that the author's style of writing could have been a little better and more consistent.  This is a book that should be read by anyone who is a fan of science fiction or fantasy, but also anyone who's looking for something a little different. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited for this book because I was a fan of the books that were adapted from the movies. However, I was not as thrilled as I expected. I don't really know how the writers of the series, Steven Spielberg and Frank Marshall, could have been so sloppy in their interpretation of the material. There were things that made the books too much like the movies, and there were things I didn't really care for. I didn the movie, and it's not the best one, but it was still pretty fun. The characters were really well developed, but the plot was too complex to keep track of, and the ending was a letdown. I have a feeling that it won't be out for much longer, and that this book will become a lost gem. I just hope that someone will do a movie adaptation of this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ This book is about a kid who's family has been in a lot of trouble. His father is a drug addict and his mom is a prostitute, and it's obvious that they're a miserable family. So a guy comes along and offers to give them a free apartment for two years in exchange for them giving up their son. This guy is a sociopath. The kids are forced to do his bidding (and a lot more), but it's pretty obvious that he's only doing it to make money, not for any noble reason. The author gives his sociopath character a lot to do and a lot for the reader to think about. He's a little too close to a real life example (like Charles Manson), but he does the best job at making him seem like a psychopath. I didn't enjoy the book as much as I wanted to, but I was definitely entertained and found a few things interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book had me thinking about the world and what it would take to make a better one.  It's not really a political book, but it's more a philosophical look at the world than a political one. There are lots of different viewpoints in the book, which is great.  "You can get a lot done with a little."  -Vanderlip, "Why I Don't Think That Government Can Change Anything" "In our time the great social and political questions have to do with a kind of collective amnesia."  Vanderlips "Vanderpump Rules" "Vanderleip is one of the best political writers around."   Brent Stapleton, "The Vaudeville of America"  "Vernon has a talent for telling the story from the point of view of those on the losing end of history. The story of the rise of the modern welfare state, with its enormous debt, its crony capitalist system, and its ever growing dependence on government, is told from the perspective of those who are losing their job, who are becoming dependent on government programs and government handouts, who feel as if they are not allowed to make decisions about their own lives, and who are struggling to pay the bills. Vanderlip is a gifted writer who knows what it is to be on the bottom rung of the social ladder, and to see the world through the eyes of those struggling to climb." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved this book, but only for the first half. The second half was an exercise in what's wrong with the world. I really wanted to love the author, and I loved the story. However, the author is too obsessed with being "good", too self-righteous, too concerned with what other people think, to make a good book. I wanted to like this book so badly, but the ending was so disappointing. I think if the author would stop being so self-important and stop being such a preachy dick about the whole thing, I might have liked it a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've had this book since it came out and haven't finished it yet. I've tried reading this book many times before, but it's never been a huge hit for me. The only reason I'm giving it a 2 is because the author does a good job with a really interesting plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the beginning and I loved the ending, but that was about the only thing I loved about the book.  The pacing was slow and the ending left me with an empty feeling.    4 stars:  
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I enjoyed this book. The writing was good, but the premise and plot was a little weak. The story was very interesting, but at times it seemed too contrived. Also, the characters seemed rather flat. There were no "real" conflicts, and the author failed to develop the main characters in any real way. It's a very enjoyable read, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone who doesn't enjoy fantasy novels.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ The book was boring, I hated how it started out. _____________________________ ______________________________ The characters were all cliche. __________________ ______________________ _____________________ This book is a joke. It is so bad it is funny. _________ __________ ___________ ____________________ I don't think it is a good book at all. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a well written book but the author did not know how to use the words to tell a good story.  I know it's a book about the Civil War but it was too much on the war and not enough about the causes.  I liked the characters and the plot was fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a bad, bad book. It's not just a boring, boring book - it's a bad boring book. I was really excited to get this one - I've been on a bad mood ever since I finished reading a copy of  the first book in the series, and I'd been eyeing the second book in anticipation.  Well... The second book is the worst book ever. I can't say that I'm surprised by that, as the first one was just as bad - but there's a few things that really stood out to me about this book.  1) The main character, Kaeli, is a really boring character, and it takes a lot of pages to explain why. 2) The whole thing is really just a series of "this is what a man's life would be like" type of stories, and that really didn't work for me. I'm not sure if the author intended this, but I can kind of see what he's trying to do - that is, make the reader think about how a woman might live her life if she were to have a man around - but in the end, it just made me want to run away. 3) It's really just really boring, and the main character just doesn't seem to have any real emotional depth or complexity to her. 4) I've never liked this series, to be honest. The first book was so annoying, and there was no way I was going to like the second one.  But here we are - and this book really just made it even worse for me - I just couldn't stand it.  I'd like to add that the author's name is the only reason I found this book worth reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ I bought this book on the strength of the hype (it is, after all, the only "discoveries" book in the genre), and I'm really disappointed by what I read. The premise of the book is interesting: scientists have discovered a new substance that is both safe and powerful, and they think that this substance could be a big step forward for cancer treatment. Unfortunately, the substance that they discovered is actually a lot like heroin. Basically, you take the substance, it makes you feel good, you use the substance a lot, and eventually it turns you into a drug addict. They say that there is no "high" from this substance. So, it's like having an epiphany about drugs? What a waste of time. The fact that this book was based on a real substance (not just a fake one) and was based off of a lot of science actually made me appreciate it more. The science was pretty interesting. But the actual book was really just a "look at the science, it seems good" sort of book. There was little to no real science to support any of the claims. Also, I think it's important to note that this was the only book in my collection that didn't have an index or bibliography. I don't know if this was because the book was self-published, but the book itself had no reference information to help you get started with it.   Overall: I would have given this book 5 stars, if it wasn't for the fact that it was so bad. The first three pages of the first chapter were actually pretty good: a little bit of information on how the substance works, some science, and some possible side effects. Then, we're dropped into a completely boring first chapter, and then we're told to get on with it to find out what this substance is. If the first three chapters were good, then I would give this book 4 stars, but it really just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought this book expecting to be entertained by the story. It was nothing more than a boring tale of a group of kids who are bored. The book begins with the narrator (I forgot his name) talking about how his mother gave him his first computer and he was never the same. I thought it was interesting and funny at first but then when the kids were on the computer for a while it became a boring story of kids sitting on their own doing nothing. The kids were just sitting in front of their computers and not doing anything. I mean, they had to be doing something with the computers they got for free from their parents! I would give the book an average rating of three stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a horrible book that is full of bad ideas and bad writing.  If you are going to read this book, do it on your own, or buy a different book.  This book has so many problems.   The idea that if you are an only child then you don't need a father is completely false.  You need a mother and a father to raise a child.  It says that if your mother and father divorce then you are not a good father.  If your parents don't love you and you are alone then you aren't a good parent.  I hate this book and can't believe that someone would actually write a book like this.  This book has a lot of things wrong with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good read.  However, it's a bit boring.  I got this book because I was in the middle of a new and exciting story that was going to take me a few weeks to finish.   So I was super excited about the book.  I started reading this book thinking that this is what it would be like if John Steinbeck had written a horror book.   I thought it was interesting that Steinbeck was the author of this book. However, I was disappointed when I read the last half of the book where he mentions that it was originally titled, The Dream Factory.   It didn't have the same creepy feel that Steinbenk's The Pearl was.  Then I was confused about why the author made it sound like Steinbeck's dream was a nightmare.  So it was a good book, but I wouldn't recommend it for a first time reader.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book to learn how to make homemade ice cream with my new immersion blender. I love ice cream and this book was very easy to follow and follow the recipe to the T. However, the ice cream ended up tasting like the frozen yogurt I make with the regular immersion blender and not the homemade. I bought the immersion blender because it's cheaper and I like the idea of making my own ice cream. I didn't want to pay $14 to buy a starter kit because I couldn't even make half of what I expected to be a good batch of ice cream using this book. I will definitely use this book again but not to make ice cream!
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________I love this book! The first time I read it, I was a bit put off by the story. I had a bit of a gut reaction, thinking it was a silly, lighthearted story with a plot that could be done by the best of them. But as I read more, I grew to appreciate this book a lot more, and the plot and characters kept me turning the pages. The characters are very well written, with each one being unique and very interesting. I loved the idea that, in order to survive, you have to keep your wits about you and you have a lot to live for. I also loved the humor, especially the humor that was used to make people feel guilty for their bad deeds. I would recommend this book to any one who enjoys reading about characters that feel human. Highly recommended!  Review by: Amanda M. I've been reading many books from this author and this is by far the best.   The plot is quite different from others that I have read but it is still very enjoyable and quite different.   of the characters are likeable and it's very enjoyable to see what happens to each of them as they move on in life.  .
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a boring, old story, with little originality and a bland world that's really nothing more than a big house with a lot of rooms. The main character, D.J. (who's name is also the title of the book) is a normal kid. He has friends and a girlfriend and a job that he does not enjoy. He likes to make up stories, but he's pretty boring as a main character. He is the only person in his family that isn't a loser. He's not the smart one, or the fast one, but is more the quiet type who likes to think, but has no drive to do anything. He doesn't have a lot going for him but he also doesn't need anything. D. J. is the perfect, bland, "go along to get along" character for a story like this. The book is about D.B. as he attempts to learn the true nature of the world that he lives in, but his life is not what he thought it would be. He thinks his family will be better off when he grows up, but they are not. He becomes a prisoner to his own dreams. He tries to fit in with the other kids in the school and eventually, his dreams come true. He learns about the secret of the magical town, the city of Orel. It's a place of peace and magic. He also learns about his father, who was killed by the war. D.'s father was not a good man and had an affair with the woman who is now his wife. The real father was the one who raised him and he hated his son. D. is the story of his search for his true father, the man who raised and loved him, and why he hates him. D's father never showed up for him when he was a child and he blames his life on him. His father is a horrible man. He makes up stories to justify his actions and he's the kind of person that is always right. This book is not about a hero's journey but a quest. D' is a good, typical character, but nothing special. It is a little slow, but it's a good book and it's just good to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have heard a lot of good things about this book but I am really disappointed by the final product.  The author has given a fantastic story, but unfortunately the story gets completely lost in the book and is never really explained.  This is the story of a group of four young girls in a small town who get sucked into a cult that teaches them that the world is a big scam and to follow God.  While this story is interesting, it has nothing to do with what you might expect from a book about witchcraft, or a cult.  They also don't tell you how the cult got started and why.  At the beginning of the book, the girls are excited to join the church.  After the first session of a session they become convinced that the whole thing is a scam and they don't like the new members, but they feel that the cult members are really trying to help them.  I thought this book was going to be about the new group of members and how they were being persecuted, but it turns out they just want to be accepted as normal.  Unfortunately the author does not seem to know the difference between cults and religions and does not explain how the new cult started and what the leaders want.  For example, the book does not say why the leader wants people to be more religious or how the leader has been using this to gain more power and wealth.  It seems that the author did not know how to write a book that was true to its subject matter.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a number of these over the years, and I've always been disappointed.  Not every book is bad, but there are so many bad ones that it is tough to choose.    The writing is not good, the characters are not likeable, the story is not engaging, and the storyteller seems to have a mental breakdown at least once a book.  I was a little bummed about it, but now I think I'm just overreacting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was looking for something different and thought that this would be a good choice. This book was a good read, but not for me. I felt like I was reading the description of a book, but the author is a complete liar. He doesn't know how to write a story. The only story he writes is the first part. If you have ever heard the story of how he got the idea for the book, that's a story that he has never told. I really enjoyed the second part of the book. I didn't feel like I got anything from this book that I haven't read before. It's a good book, I just don't think that I'll be re-reading it.   8 of 10 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, I thought, was a very well written and interesting historical account of the history of the English language, from its origin to its current status in the modern world. The author's main aim was to provide an objective look at the progress of the language. The results, however, are somewhat disappointing.  While the book does contain numerous historical details, the author's descriptions are generally rather short and non-specific, lacking depth.  In my opinion, this is not an accurate representation of the development of English as a language, and I do not see the author presenting the language as a natural progression.    I have to admit that my own understanding of the early stages of English was rather different from that presented in the book.  For example, I remember the first time I encountered the word 'honey', it being used in a conversation with a fellow student at a college in the UK.  My first impression was of a strange word, but after a bit of research I found that it was a word invented by a man named 'George' for the purpose of expressing'sweet' feelings towards his wife (I know the 'h' is silent, but I still felt that the 'g' was in poor taste).   A few more years later and I had found the's' and the 't' for'sweet', and had started to use 'honestly', but I could not see why 'humble' was suddenly so important.  The author, while acknowledging the historical accuracy of the book, does not offer any detailed or objective discussion of the causes or conditions that led to the development or decline of English.  I also think that the book suffers from the same 'pitch black' approach to the history as is typical of most 'historical fiction'.  The language, grammar and style of the work are very informal, and the author does not provide a full explanation for his explanations of historical events or figures, and sometimes gives no explanation at all.  If you are interested in learning more about the history and development of the modern English language this is a good book to read, but the author seems to be somewhat interested only in the language, so it is a bit like a textbook that is written to impress students.  As an alternative, you could read: The History of the Oxford English Dictionary: From Old English to Modern English  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is awful.  If you are reading a book about the origins of the universe and you are expecting something with some substance to it, this is not it.  The premise of the book is simple:   there was a universe, and the first humans lived in it, but there were catastrophes:  - The planet was blown up by a black hole.  - The planet itself exploded.   - This was all caused by the planet's own gravity, causing it to fall into a blackhole.  After that, the planet became "tritium-rich", and eventually formed the first black holes.  It was later discovered that there were some other worlds in the universe that were created by different catastropheds, and that they all eventually collapsed into black holes: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This is a great book. I love how it brings a new perspective on the Bible to my knowledge. The author, Mr. David A. Epp, writes well, and it is easy to follow. It is clear and easy to read. If you read the book, you will learn a lot about the Bible and its many contradictions. You will also see how God is portrayed as a good and loving Father, but a merciless and judgmental Father. I am not sure why this book was published, but the only problem I had was the format of the book. It was printed as a hardcover book with only a few pages of text in each book. There is a chapter on the subject of the Bible's contradictions in this book, but it only appeared on a few occasions. This book could have been a valuable book, if the author had included the other side of the story. I will be giving this book a good review.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________________   I'm glad I gave this book a try. It's a good book. However, the ending sucks. I love the book but it was a lot of work to get there.   In the beginning of the book, the characters have no idea that the world is the way they think it is. They have only a vague idea that there is a "other" that lives in the mountains that they can visit. I think they think that the "other's" are just animals that are afraid of the mountain people. The book does a really good job of explaining why these animals are afraid and how they are related to the mountain men. I really liked how it did that.   is really nice and I'm a sucker for a good mystery. I read it before and enjoyed it a lot. It has a lot to offer in terms of how to tell a story, how to make your characters feel real and how to develop your plot.   of the two books I read, this was better written and the story was better. This book was also a lot more exciting and I think I will definitely re-read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------I read this book at the recommendation of a friend who is a student of psychology, and is working on a dissertation on the effect of the "Pavlovian" method on behavior. This is an excellent book and a great example of the best of the psychology literature, with a good balance of information on the subject. There are some flaws, especially when it comes to the author's personal history (which was also mentioned in the book's bibliography), and some inconsistencies with the sources he uses. I don't know what happened to him after the book was written, but he appears to have changed his opinions on the matter of Pavlovian conditioning, as in the end, he thinks that he's been wrong all along about the results. I'm not sure whether the author meant to imply that the book would be a guide for his own study, or that he is attempting to make a case that his own conclusions are supported by a study done by a different source, but either way, I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good introduction to the field. The only criticism I would have is that the chapters on the research on the effects of a Pavlov's collar on conditioning are a bit dry, and the discussion of the effect in the second half of the book is a bit thin, but it's still a great book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time. It's so poorly written, it's hard to believe that this book is supposed to be a "true story". I got a copy from a used book shop, and it was so worn, it was barely readable. Even worse, there's no end to this book.  The book never ends, because it never gets interesting.    The first paragraph of this book starts out promising:  "I was 16 years old, in the summer of 1971, in a small town on the western slope of the San Gabriel Mountains. I had a girlfriend named Kathy. Her father was a police officer. She had her first boyfriend, Tom. I was going through a difficult time at home. I wanted to go to college and I wanted Kathy to be with me, but my dad was not on board with that. I didn't understand what was going on. He just kept telling me to stop hanging out with my friends and go to school."   And that's where the story goes.  The story is a collection of vignettes, mostly from Tom's point of view, with a few from Kathy's.  But Tom is the one who really is a victim, in this book:   he is the only one who is being punished for what happened to Kathy, not his father.   He never got a chance to explain what happened in those days to Kathy and then, for a time, he was even blamed for it.  He has no one to turn to for answers and he is constantly on the run from the police, who are very intent on catching the boys responsible.  This is a very frustrating book. It doesn't make much sense, and the whole time you're reading, you're just hoping that something is going to happen to make sense.  You get so tired of this that you just want to throw the book across the room because it's so painful to read.   But I'm willing to forgive the author because I am still reading it. I've already read most of the chapters twice and there is so much more to this story that will never get told.  I think that's the only reason why I still have this book, because there's so much that I need to find out about what happened.   If you're interested in this story, just don't waste your time. I'm glad that I got my copy from my used book store. It was worn,
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a bad read.  It is just not good at all.  The story was a little over the top, but the story is a good one, and the characters were interesting.  But that is about it.   The ending was very cliche and I would like to see more stories like that.  This was an interesting book but I do not recommend it at all to anyone who does not enjoy a good good fantasy story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a huge fan of the book, but was left frustrated by the lack of depth and plot. The author made it sound like every bad thing ever was done by an evil wizard, and all the good things were done by good wizards. The only thing that made me even consider the book a keeper was the story of the little boy's journey from the beginning of the story until he was able to return to his homeland. It was nice to see the little girl, but not as enjoyable as the other parts of the novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read.  It has nothing to do with the story or characters, the story was a huge waste of time, the characters were pathetic, the plot was a disaster and the writing was horrid.  "This book was a total train wreck.    I could go on and on about how the writing, characters, plot and overall story was terrible but I will try and save the worst for last.  This book was so bad that it was hilarious, I mean when I was reading I was laughing out loud.  It was a horrible book.    It was as if the author just couldn't get the plot to work.  He had this whole crazy idea that he wanted to make a book about the people who lived in the woods and were killed by a serial killer and this is why the book had a serial killers who had killed hundreds of people in the forest.  The story line was all about this one person who is trying to find the serial killer in the book. He was a serial rapist who used to go out in the country raping women and he was also a serial murderer.  Then this guy comes along and murders people in a forest and then the killer is found and this one guy who is a murderer has to be killed because the serial rapist is going to come back and kill all the people he raped.  Now I know I don't know much about serial killers and I don`t know if that is what this book was going to be about but I just don't think it is.  I don´t know why the author was trying to write this book, it is really so bad.  There were a couple of times I thought this was a horror book because of the way it was written but then the serial killers got killed and it was just a serial killing story.  To be honest I thought it was going be like a book called Serial Killers but it wasn´t, it was a book of people that were serial killers." - C.M. "My friend's father was a killer and he said to me "you know I did all the murders" when I asked him "why did you do all the murder" he said "because I was a monster" and I thought "you are a monster."  I have to tell you that I was very upset with this book." - D.M "Well, I'm sure I'm going to
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only reason why this book doesn't get 5 stars is that it does not live up to the hype.   There is a great deal of information in the book. However, I found it hard to follow because the text is so long and wordy.  ...   I've been looking forward to this book since I saw the synopsis, and was intrigued by the book's theme, the importance of having a strong spiritual foundation, and the dangers of trying to change a person's beliefs based on their lack of spirituality.  , which is the best-selling book on the topic.   the story:   (I know I am overusing this word, but it's true!) This book is about a Christian teenager, and his struggle with his Christian faith. The story begins with a young boy being raised as a Christian in a very conservative family. When the boy becomes a teenager, he discovers that his parents' fundamentalist beliefs are not the reason he doesn't have a strong religious foundation. Instead, he is just as religious as his Christian friends, and he feels his life is less meaningful.   I found this story very engaging and enjoyable, because it was well written and a good fit for the book, which was written by a Christian.   in summary:     This book is a good introduction to Christianity, especially if you are considering starting out in your journey. I think this book is better than, or at least equal to, The Little Red Schoolhouse or Good Tidings and Great Joy.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad that I read this one, but it's not for me. The author describes a "very rare" phenomenon of a woman in her 30's having the power to see ghosts. And that she does. She even has a ghost-hunter to go after ghosts. But what is this thing, and why is it a problem? Is it an addiction? Or is it more like a fetish? I don't know, I just don't. I don the author has done a great job in writing about the subject matter, but I have no idea if this is a good book. I'm just going to pass on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ---------------This is a very poor book. This is the story of a man who, in the mid 60s, decided to become a priest. It's not a particularly good story - and the fact that the author was a woman, rather than a man, does make a difference - but the author's writing style is poor. She has a way of describing things in very broad strokes and then getting into detail without really explaining what she means. The story is told through the eyes of a boy who goes to a very big Catholic school, and it's a story about a man trying to figure out what the hell he is doing with his life.The problem is that there's a lot of the story that is completely unnecessary and doesn't really add to the plot. The author is constantly saying that there are a lot more important things to think about than how to write a well-written novel - it's the kind of story that could be easily written by a man and not by a woman. (And the author, in all honesty, could probably write better novels, given the opportunity. The book is pretty good, though.)The main character, the boy, spends most of his time in the book in the form of a dream. The boy dreams that he's a priest and that his girlfriend is a nun - he's pretty sure they're married - and he spends a lot time thinking about how that might be possible. He even goes so far as to go to a convent and think about it. But the nun is his mother, and he's convinced that she is a devil, and that the whole thing is all a bad dream.So, yeah, I guess I'm a little disappointed by this book. I liked the character a lot, but the story seemed pretty pointless to me, even though I thought the story was well told.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a bad read.  The main character has some issues, and it's not very realistic, but I really enjoyed the book.  However, I think it was a bit too long for me, so I had to cut a few chapters, which I was not too upset about.  I'm not sure if this book will make me buy a copy of it, but if I'm reading a book I can't stop reading and I can see myself finishing it, I'll definitely get a copy!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If this is the best you can do with the material, you need to find a better job.  I would rate this book 3 stars, but I had a good time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book was great, but there were a few flaws. I loved the concept and the fact that the book is based on real events is awesome. However, the author did not tell me how this book relates to real life, so there were times when I had to google how it happened and then realize that the author was just making stuff up. For example, the idea that the president of the United States was a Nazi sympathizer was just made up out of whole cloth. There are some amazing examples of Nazi propaganda and how it worked in America, but when the author says the Nazis used "bait" to lure Americans to their cause, I was just confused as to what this bait was, if it was actually bait or just propaganda. I would not recommend this book to everyone, but I would recommend it to people who are interested in WWII and Nazi propaganda.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very good book, and an interesting one, but it's still flawed. It's written in a way that is easy to understand and easy to follow, but I found myself wondering what all the fuss was about. I know what I'm supposed to get out of it, but the explanations are vague at best and the plot is extremely predictable. I'm not sure if the author has a lot of other books to publish or if it's just that she's writing a novel, but this book was a bit rushed and poorly edited. I did like the character of Shyla, but her character development was very poor.  I also don't think the ending was good enough. It was really predictable, and I would have liked to see it end with the main character's story, but instead the book ends on a cliffhanger. It would have been nice to have some closure on this book.  2.5/5 stars:    1/5  
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I've read a lot of bad books. I've read some very good books.  - I read the whole thing in about 2 days.  is there any way I could have missed anything the author said? _________________  When the sky was blue and the grass green, and the birds chirped, I knew  it was the beginning of the end.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it was recommended to me by a friend. I've had the book for months, so I figured it was about time I read it. I wasn't disappointed.  The story is simple, yet the characters are likeable, and the prose is engaging.  The plot is predictable, but it still works.   I like the characters.  The plot is straightforward and not particularly interesting.  There is one main event that is quite interesting, but I can't say it changed my perspective on the story.  I would have liked a bit more development on the other characters. There is also an unnecessary amount of sex scenes, which is an odd thing to add to a story that has already been so focused on characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry to say that this book left me feeling more than a little cheated.  While the premise sounds interesting and I'm sure I will enjoy the story, the writing and characterization are very disappointing.  A group of college kids, led by one of the best characters I've seen in a fantasy novel, set off on a quest to save the world and discover its mysteries.  This is the first in a series of books and, as the title suggests, the adventure only gets better from here.  The author is clearly a very talented author and I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good fantasy.  I have no complaints about the story at all but the characters, and overall writing in this book is a letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's hard to write about a book about sex. Not just because it is so taboo but because it's such a strange, strange book. It's a novel that is really just about two people who are having sex. It may be a novel about sexual identity and desire but the way it is presented is so wrong. There is no real story. No real relationship, no real passion, and not even the slightest sexual identity. The main character, the only person to have a relationship with the protagonist, is just a bland, bland, boring character. The author tries to portray a gay couple as a real, natural thing but it just makes it look like a cheap book. You have a gay man and a lesbian in a relationship that is supposed to be sexy and romantic and interesting but it is actually so bland that it's boring. The whole book is so uninteresting that I have to wonder if the author actually thought this was going to be a bestseller. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  " The book is an easy read, but the writing is weak, and it has a few bad chapters."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not only an abysmal book but also a horrible book. The premise of the book is that all the characters in this book are going to die and the protagonist's wife is going to live forever. So basically the whole book is a fantasy. And the author really tried to make this book sound cool and exciting. But it just wasn't. I'm really disappointed that I bought this book. I have a couple of other books by this author that I really enjoyed. But this is just really, really, a terrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was excited about this book, but unfortunately the characters and the plot got in the way of enjoyment. This book was good. The characters were well drawn and interesting. The plot was exciting, and I was eager to read more. Unfortunately the plot didn't seem to hold together very well, and there was a ton of filler, and it just got repetitive. This isn't a bad novel, just a bad one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a terrible read. The pacing is terrible, the characters are flat and uninteresting, and the plot is not much better than a bad horror movie. It is a shame that this book was so widely considered one of the best horror novels ever written, as it is quite clearly a complete mess of a book. This is the kind of book that is supposed to be read as a standalone story, but I would recommend it just to see if the author can actually finish it. I will say that the cover is very cool and the title is a nice touch.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I'm trying to get my feet wet in writing a book review. I've never reviewed anything before but I'm willing to do it now because I enjoyed it so much. I will be going back to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm a big fan of all the books in the series, and this one was just a dud. I wasn't interested in the story at all and the characters felt flat. The writing was very poor and the dialogue felt very forced. The pacing was also slow, and while the characters were engaging at times, I just felt they didn't really have anything to do and it was hard to care about them. This is definitely not my favorite series by Joss Whedon, but it's definitely one of the worst. I gave it 2 stars because I'm so disappointed in the book and the movie.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book when I was really interested in the world of the Middle Ages, and it's about as interesting as a book can be. There's some stuff that's interesting to think about, and some of the descriptions are really great. I enjoyed reading it, but I'd rather have had a book about the Crusades, or the War of the Roses, or some other time period.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ I was very disappointed in this book. I'm a Christian. I have a Christian family and a Christian history. This book has no relevance to my family and my history. I don't like the story and I have no faith in this man. He's not even a good Christian. He talks about the bible but there is no mention of God, the bible, Jesus or his life. This is a story about a man that I don t know. The man was a man of little integrity. The author made up all of the facts. I was shocked by the things that he said about his father. He also made up some of his father s life. I couldn t believe how the author changed his story. The whole book was a fraud. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sorry to say that this book is terrible. This is the first book in a series about a young girl who is "in love" with a boy. I had high hopes for this series, as I liked the character development, but the plot was weak. In fact, the only thing this book was good for was writing it. The characters were flat and their dialog was uninteresting. I don't know if I'd recommend this to anyone, but if you're a fan of a certain type of story, then you should give this book a try.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I had never heard of the book and was not excited about reading it, but this one turned out to be a real disappointment. It's a fairly straightforward account of how a bunch of people came together to take down the most powerful person in the world - one that they believed would be the downfall of the world."  That's a very specific description of a book.  And there's a reason why I would describe a book like this as "a real disappointment".  If the reader doesn't believe that there is a conspiracy behind the death of Princess Diana (or if they don't want to accept that they are going to die at the hands of the man they love) then they're going to be disappointed. Â You can tell from the very beginning that the story is going to start out being more about who killed Princess Diana than it is about who caused the death.  I'm not going to bother going into the rest of the review, but the main characters are:   -  Rajneesh  (Rajesh is the main character.    The Rajneesh that is being described here is a complete asshole.  It's like someone's been stuck in a cult for a long time and they think they can be their own god, or something.  He has no concept of right or wrong, is a horrible person, and is very narcissistic.)   This guy is a narcissist that is obsessed with his own image, and has no problem telling anyone he is better than them (even his own family, whom he treats like shit).   He is a self-absorbed, sadistic, sociopath that spends his time lying about himself to people and using their love and trust to get what he wants (this is a recurring theme throughout the book).  He can't even be bothered to try to communicate with people because it's just easier to tell them what they want to hear than it it to be open about his problems.  This is the kind of guy that you would hang out with at a party, but would never go to the party.  Also, I can't get over how terrible the first half of the novel is.  Rajneeshees tend to have a terrible time in life.  They live in their head all the time, they are completely self-centered and only care about themselves.  And then at the end of the day, they have
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  Thank you for the review. I really like this book. It's very interesting and well written. I was wondering if the author is a Christian or not because I didn't find it offensive. It also says it's a short book. I hope you are right and he's not a Christian. I like the book a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book. It's a book that is very good and should be on everyone's reading list, but I have a few issues with it. The first problem I had with this book was that the characters were too generic. The main character is an alcoholic and he's a good guy, but the other characters were just... well, let's just say they were not as interesting. They were just kind of bland and I just couldn't relate to them. So, I don't know. I'm glad that the author put this in there and I'm sure I'll like it, but just a tad too generic to get me interested. Also, I had a little trouble with this one. I think it's because I read it in one sitting. I was just not as into the book as I was when I read this book in one evening. But then again, I was drunk and it's a short book. I guess if you are one of those people who really loves short books, this may be just the book for you. The next problem I have is that the plot is... weird. It is not really a story but it's more of a series of events and events that lead up to something. And that's fine, but it was not really what I was looking for in a story. The third problem I found was that it seemed to be more about the author than the characters. This is not a bad thing per se, but when the author spends so much time on his own story, you want more from him. Also I felt like the story was dragging a bit. I could tell that the writing style of the author is kind of boring and a bit dry and he could have done a better job with the story. But again, that's just me and maybe I'll be more intrigued in the next book because it is getting a little longer. Overall, I'm going to give this book a 3.5 star rating. It was a good story and it was fun to read, but in my opinion, the writing was too good to be good.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ It is a very well written story, and there is a lot of mystery and suspense in it. However, I have not enjoyed it as much as I thought I would. The characters are interesting but very one-dimensional. I think the plot could have been developed more. I have never been very interested in science fiction and did not really like the idea of a space ship and people living on it. It seemed very contrived, and I felt like there was something missing from the plot. Overall, this book is good but not great. I gave it 3 stars because it has a good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________ This is one of the worst books I've ever read. It was a complete waste of my time. The story is just so ridiculous. It's like some people in high school decided to make a "reality TV show" out of it. I just found it to be the most annoying thing I've read this year. It wasn't even funny. I don't even know why I bought it. It made me want to throw it out. I'm sick of all the fake books I read these days.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story itself is just a lot of nonsense. The main character is a guy who has an addiction to gambling (and drugs, and alcohol, and women, and whatever else comes to mind). He's a total asshole, he's constantly being cheated on by women and the women that he's cheated on are always so much better than him. He's never married and he always has this crazy plan to make it big and be the biggest man alive. And when he finally does it, he ends up living a completely different life. It's like a character from a bad 90s movie with no redeeming qualities and just a bunch of dialogue thrown together to sell the book.   I had read this book when I was a little younger than this book, so the story itself wasn't that surprising to me. I was just looking for some kind of redemption story and all I got was a bunch more shit talking. And I don't mean that in a good way. It just sounds like a lot more effort to write this kind of book than to just write about some of the bullshit he goes through in the beginning of the book, but whatever.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My friends told me this was good, and I was excited to read it, but it really isn't. I thought it was really good, though. The characters are interesting, but I couldn't get behind their story. I think I'll just read it again.  The story is about a group of high school students who meet every morning at a diner and eat their breakfast. The students in question are the ones that are in the most danger of getting killed because they are the only ones who have the ability to see visions. This book was so good that I had to wait a few years before I read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't even know where to start. I was expecting this to be a good book. I just had a bad experience with it. It was written so poorly and poorly researched. I really didn't have a whole lot of respect for her. There was just so much wrong with this book that I am really not sure why she even wrote it. There were so many things about this book I just couldn't get past. She talked about a few topics in this book, but she really only covered a few things. The story she presented was so bad, I just could not read any further. I guess I just expected a good story, but this one just didn't make it. I am going to give this book 3 stars just because the story itself was so awful, but not because it was written by a good writer.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of good ideas and good advice but a lot of the advice is not applied to people who have never been on a long term relationship and don't understand what a long-term relationship is.  My husband and I have been married for two years now and we are both in our mid 20s.   He is a smart guy, good looking, very successful, and has a nice family, I'm just average looking, average job, average family.  In our relationship, we both get what we want and want what we get.  We both have our issues, but our issues are not really about the other person.  I'm a single mother who is trying to figure out the best way to raise a child with both of my parents.  My husband's parents are very strict, they make their son work really hard at all things and make sure he has a lot to do.  They don't have time to play with my son, let alone go out with him and my friends.  When I tell them I want to spend more time with him, they get really mad.  He works hard and has his own money, but they don't see why he can't spend some time with his child.  It's hard for me to tell them when he's spending too much time with our son, because we just have so much time together.  Sometimes I wonder why we don't get together more often, but I can't really explain why.  The main problem is that when my son asks my husband for a favor, my husband says no.  And if I ask my husband to do something, he does it.  This doesn't bother me, but if I try to ask him to do a favor for me, he just gets mad at me.  All of this is so hard for a mom.  Maybe if I was in my 20's or 30's I would understand the whole long- term thing, but in my 40's and 50's it's just too hard.  At least with my mom I understand her frustrations.  As long as I understand what's going on with my husband and my son and my mom, I can understand my mother's frustrations.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is not very good. The writing style is very stiff and very stiff-handed, and the plot is kind of silly. It's all about a boy named Sam who can turn into a wolf, and a girl named Anna who can control it. It was a bit annoying that we never get to see the wolf side of him or see what Anna's doing, so it's a bit of a mystery as to how Sam ended up being in a wolf body in the first place. The wolf/human conflict gets a little stale after a while, and after a few chapters you start wondering why the author is dragging this on, since we've been told a hundred times that this will end, but that never happens. It makes for a very, very frustrating read, and one that you'll have to go back and re-read to see why he kept writing it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________  "In The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness I find myself thinking: I wish there were a better way to describe this book." --Booklist  I would like to add that the author is a very intelligent and articulate person. The problem is that the book has been written in a way that I cannot easily find fault with. While the book is very well-written, it is a little on the long side for my taste. This is especially true in the last chapter, which is one long review that can be read in any order you wish. The last chapter also is very long. If you're a short-story reader, this might not be a problem, but if you're not, it might be a bit much.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The only reason I'm giving this 3 stars is because it's really not that good. I had to look up the author and find out who he is and the book's supposed title to figure out what it's about. The writing is terrible and the author's knowledge of the subject is minimal. The book talks about the science behind it, but not much else. I'm surprised he hasn't tried to cash in on the recent interest in GMOs with a book like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________I read this in high school. It was one of my favorite books at the time, but now that I've seen the movie it's just not the same. It's a great movie, but I think the book has a better story. The whole movie is great, but when the character dies, it just goes away. I didn't really like the movie, and I don't think I'll be watching it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked this book and would like to read more.  It was enjoyable.   
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ I just finished reading this book and I have to say, I'm very impressed. I'm a fan of the Harry Potter series and the books that have followed, and while this book is nothing like the Potter books, it's still an excellent read. The book opens with the main character getting a new pet, a parrot, which is supposed to be the perfect companion for the character, but turns out to be rather unappealing to him. It's like someone stole a beautiful parrot and put a very nasty plastic shell on it. So he decides to give the parrot to his neighbor who's been very nice to him, and after a while the parrots start fighting and the neighbor gives him back the parro  I'm a bit disappointed that the parasprites didn't take to him like the parakeets. I don't know if it was the size of the bird or how long it had been with him, but it didn't seem to be very friendly towards him. The next chapter is about a parakeet named Gogo, who is the opposite of Gogo the parra. She seems very nice, and is quite large. It would have been nice if the other parrot in the story had been larger, but I guess that's the way it is with parrots.   After a while Gogo starts to get into trouble with her master. She doesn't want to be fed, but he won't give her anything to eat. Gogo decides that if her master won't feed her, she'll just steal food from the other birds. I didn't really like this part of the book, because I really wanted to like Gogo. But I did. She was a little like me. I wasn't a good student, but a really good student. I could do anything my teachers told me to do. I learned a lot from them, and I can do anything I set my mind to. I was a bad student in school, but after I learned how to steal I became the best thief in the world. I loved stealing things from my teachers, and stealing money from my parents. I would have never been caught without it. I felt like I was so smart, and was just waiting for the perfect time to use my skills.   the parapets were pretty fun, as well. The parrot that was a parareet (I think it's a little bigger than a parra)
Write a negative review about a bad book:     I had this book on my wish list for a long time, but never got around to it. Then I saw it was on sale for half price at my local library, so I had to grab it! I loved it and think that it's well worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   It was a very bad book. The story was poorly paced and the pacing was really bad. I got through the first 50 pages or so, but then I was left to wonder how I could get through another 50, and I wasn't even that interested in the story. I was bored and just wanted to move on. The ending was the worst part of the book. I thought that it would be a good way to close the book, but instead it just left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I am a huge fan of the Hitchhiker's series. The first book I ever read was Hitchhikers. I loved it and so did my dad. We read the whole series together. It was the best birthday gift ever. When I saw a picture of the bookshelf in my dorm room, I just had to have one of the hardcovers. So I did, and I'm glad I did.   However, the last book in the series I've read was pretty terrible. I don't like this series at all. I have the original hardcover and was very pleased with the design of the book. It's not perfect, but it's not bad. The last book of the series, however, is really not worth reading. The writing is atrocious and the characterizations are all wrong. It took me a long time to get past that. The plot is all wrong, the characters all suck, the humor is horrible, and the setting is just plain boring. I'm not sure why I keep buying this book, but I just can't get past the horrible writing.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I'm a huge fan of the series, but this book wasn't all that good. The book is set up well and starts off well with the introduction of the main characters and the characters being introduced and the world of the world. The world is interesting, but the plot doesn't have much going for it. The main problem I have with this book is the fact that it feels like it was written as a series, and that makes the whole thing feel really rushed. It's a really cool concept, but it really just feels like they rushed the story. That's really bad for a series that is supposed to be so well done.   Other than that though, the characters are awesome and the main protagonist is a really great guy who is very likable. The other characters are just as awesome as well, and the story is really great as well. The plot was also pretty good and had a good ending. I really enjoyed the world and the universe they built, and I think that this would be a great series to read. It was interesting, and had some really good ideas about how to use the world for good. I'm looking forward to more books from the world, and it's definitely one of my favorite series!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an insult to every Christian who ever lived and to every God who ever breathed His Word into the world. I have seen some people say this book is about "God's grace" and I think they are lying to themselves. This book is not about "grace." This book has nothing to do with grace or grace's impact on life. This is about an ancient pagan God who made a woman out of an actual rock and the woman's attempt to worship him. The woman's worship of the rock is nothing more than a display of her own lack of faith and a mockery of God's grace. She does not know about God's mercy and his ability to forgive and to restore the world to what it once was. The book is filled with hate and the man behind it is a complete dick. There are some good things in this book though. The last part of the book is where the book really starts to get good. I think if you like biblical criticism or the NT and you are a woman you will like this book. I am just not sure how a woman would enjoy this book but I can't help but hope that a woman will give it a try and not hate it as much as I did.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last book in the book series had the same theme. I enjoyed the book and I was very satisfied with the book. However, I'm disappointed that this book didn't make a better attempt to get out of the world of zombies. I liked the concept and I liked how the characters interacted with each other, but the story is just flat and the story-telling was awful. I know this is an urban fantasy series, but it feels like the book could have been done a little better. I'm not a fan of the zombie apocalypse genre. I've read a couple zombie series and they were just so boring. I really don't like this book at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very skeptical about this book when I first heard about it. I'm a HUGE Harry Potter fan. I was looking forward to reading this book, but I didn't expect the book to be this terrible. I've been reading Harry Potter for about 7 years now and this book was by far my worst experience. The characters are just flat out bad. There are two main characters. The book was very boring. The main characters never change and never grow. They act the same. They have no character growth. They never show growth. Even the one character who had some growth and development, ended up being just a stereotype. I didn  This book is just bad. It's so bad that it makes me want to skip it. This book is about a young boy named Harry Potter who goes to Hogwarts. He has magical powers and is able to fight his way through the school and save the day, but he also gets captured by the bad guys. The bad guys want him dead so they kidnap Harry and take him to a dungeon under the school where he's tortured and tortured. He's not able to escape because of the magic. In fact, he can't escape because the only way he can escape is to get out of the dungeon, and the only ways out of a dungeon are through a keyhole or a secret passageway. He is then forced to participate in a game with other kids and other people to escape the dungeon. This game is called the Triwizard Tournament. The people who are the competitors are called champions. They are sorted into three groups, the Hufflepuffs, the Gryffindors and the Ravenclaws. In the first round, the champions are divided into four teams, the Goblet of Fire, the Tri-Wizard Tournament, the Cup of Hogwarts and the Trikey of Doom. Each team will compete in three rounds, the first two rounds they will be pitted against each other. The third round, they will compete against each team in the previous round. The fourth round, there is only one team left and the champion will be the last team standing. Harry gets trapped in the Trio of Doom for the entire book. In my opinion, he is a total character. He gets caught up in all of the drama, the battles, the magic, the fights. The whole book is a drama with him. He feels like a part of this drama because the characters keep getting involved. The other characters are
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in one sitting (and it was the first book I'd read in years).  The first paragraph is great - it really drives the point home - the second is just a bad example of how this book can go wrong.  What bothers me about the third paragraph is that the author is talking about the importance of having a backup copy of important documents.  I know this is important but I'm a backup specialist and I can tell you that I don't see much value in this approach.  There are more important things than having a copy of a document.   I would have been much more impressed by the second paragraph if it were a more typical example of a bad backup book.  Rating: 2 stars out of 5 This book is a must have for anyone that needs a good backup book.   It's a good reminder about the benefits of having backups.  It also includes a little bit of background on what backups are and how they work.  The author has a lot of good things to say about backups and how to manage backups and why you should care about backups.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This is a very dull book that will not appeal to me. There are no surprises in this book and no reason to keep reading after page 200. " -Bryce, March 12, 2017" The book reads like a poorly written and poorly researched work of academic fiction, with only a cursory acquaintance with the subject matter, and with little or no understanding of how to do it well. The "facts" are mostly conjecture, and the "analysis" is poorly done. It's almost as if the author has never read a book on the topic. I would be very interested in the work if I had actually read the source material, and I would have given it a much lower rating. This is a book that doesn't deserve to be published at all." -BJ, March 15, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really liked this book. I read it in one day. It took me from the beginning to the end in about a month. I've read the entire series and will likely continue reading the series because I love the characters. However, this book took me over an entire month to read. I feel as if the book is not well written. The characters don't feel real to me. I can't relate to any of the characters at all. They just seem like characters I'd find in a book by Rowling or Tolkien. I did like the ending. I liked the book but I can not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an extremely disappointing read. It's like reading a book about a fictional town in which you know the mayor is going to commit suicide. You know the entire plot of the book before it starts and by the end of the second chapter, you have no idea what's going on.  I'm sure there's an author in there that's got the story down pat, but I'm not one of them. It was so hard to get into the story. It doesn't have a beginning, middle or end. There's a lot of unanswered questions and the author just wants to get to the good parts and move on. It felt like he didn't really know what he was doing. It just didn't click with me. I felt like I was just being spoon fed information. I really did not enjoy this book at all. I'm going to give this one a 2 star rating.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________  I was really looking forward to this book and it is not at all what I was expecting. I really want to like this book but it was really too boring for me.   I have not read a lot of history books but this is a very bad history book. The book had some interesting details about how the Native Americans used to hunt and some of the things they used to do. The part that stuck out to me though is the part about the Cherokee people in the 18th century. The Cherokee are the only people in history that have had a successful military campaign against the US. The Cherokees never tried to steal or take anything from the US and were extremely respectful of the US, as the US never tried anything against the Cherokees and never tried any military action against them. The other thing that I liked about this book was the historical information about the early settlers in the Americas. It gave a lot about the people that were living in the American territories in the early 1600's. I am glad that the book has some historical background and that it has an interesting part about a small group of Native Americans.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book, but I found it hard to put down. It's like reading a novel that you can tell is going to be a great read, but one that's not quite there yet. The characters are so well written, and there is so much plot and intrigue to keep you hooked. The plot is complex and compelling, but it seems like the author is struggling to find a way to tell a good story with so many different characters and places. I'm hoping that she finds a way.  In short, this is a fantastic book, and I look forward to the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The story is okay but it takes forever to get to the good parts. This is the first of a trilogy so you can see where the bad parts will be. I read the first two books in the series and enjoyed them. The plot is pretty much what you would expect, some political intrigue, some intrigue, a romance and an adventure. The romance was the only thing that bothered me, the whole romance was very cliché and very uninspired. I also found the story pretty predictable and not very interesting.   My only issue is that the author did not follow the first book up and the second book.   I loved the first series so I really wanted to like the second one. I wish the author would have followed up with the first one, or even a sequel.  .
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book about what it's like to be a woman who loves books. I am very disappointed with this book. It's like a bad movie. I expected more from this book and a more well thought out story. It just isn't there. The ending is a huge letdown.  I gave this book 4 stars because the story is well told. I thought the book was interesting, but not worth the 4 stars. I don't recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "There's a lot of truth in the words of a man who was kicked out of the Navy for sleeping on the job."   "I'm not sure what we're trying to say here. I'm trying to give you a taste of a good book, because a good story has always been a big part of the joy of reading."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of the first three books in the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan and now I was very disappointed by the fourth book. The book is very slow paced. It was a little too long, but I will admit that I enjoyed the first few books much more. I wish that I could rate the first two books higher, but the ending is not what I expected. The character development is great, and the characters in this book are really interesting. However, the main plot of the book was a bit too slow for my liking. I really hope that there will be a sequel. I have a feeling that I will be reading this book for a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "a pretty good book. but I wish it had been written by a woman."  (Anonymous review)  There is not one word that does not sound as though it could have been written in the first person, the writing is polished but not refined.  The characters are shallow and one dimensional.   I can't help but think that the author was inspired by the fact that the majority of the book's characters are female and not really given a chance to grow.  If you are looking for a book that explores the dark side of a woman's past that's going to provide a great read, this is not for you.  It is not the book I wanted from this series and it will be hard to finish this one.  I think I will give the second book, The Lady and the Tiger a try.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a bad idea, and this book is just a waste of your time. There are a lot of poorly written chapters in this book, but the majority of them are just poorly written bad stories. There is no sense of tension. There's no plot. There aren't enough details about what is happening to the characters. And the characters are pretty much just there to act and act and repeat themselves. This is a book that's better left forgotten.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book as a gift for a teacher and was extremely disappointed. The prose is terrible and there are too many errors to count. I found the book to be too boring and I think it would have been better if it was rewritten.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ I had this book in my book list and was super excited to read it but I just didn't like it at all. I thought the premise was cool but I don't know, I'm really not a fan of that whole idea of being a "toy maker" or whatever. I guess you can be a kid and make toys but I can't imagine it being any fun. If you like something you made, great, I get it, but I'm not one of those people. The story is kinda boring, and I'm wondering why the author went into this in the first place.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've been reading a lot of romance lately and this one was very disappointing to me. The only thing that I found charming about it was that the romance is mostly between two guys, but there is a woman in there. I really thought she was going to play a big role in the story and be a significant character, but she wasn't really. She just kept being a damsel in distress and the only thing she got was some flirting with one guy and a scene where she tells him she's going to get him back. She was basically a love interest for the whole story. There were other guys, who were nice and all, but I don't think they got a lot to do. The guy who got the girl, who did most of the work, was the same guy who was the love interest. So basically, I think there was a love triangle, but none of the three guys was really in love with the girl. They all had their own reasons for being with her and the love triangle was just the excuse to have them hang out with her, to be friends with her. The one guy was just a sex object to her and it was never clear what his motivations were or if he had any sort of relationship with the other guys. The book ended in a very lame way. The heroine was going off to college and then just stopped writing. So there was no resolution at all. She wasn't even going to college. She stopped writing and she never went back to college, so that made me very upset. I just don't understand why this book was so bad, because I really liked the first book.   The Good: This book is very funny. The author does a great job at creating a very different world than what is usually found in romance novels. It is very different from the usual romance books that I am reading. It's like a high school movie with a different plot, a different setting, and a different cast. The plot is really different, the characters are very different, and the setting is different. I was really pleased with how different the plot was from other romance novels that I have read. The writing was good, and there was very good chemistry between the two male leads. The Bad: This is a very good book, but it doesn't really do anything to my expectations of a good book. The romance was great and the plot had some nice twists and turns, but nothing that was really amazing or new.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I've read a few books by the author of The Art of Learning and I must say, that this one is very hard to read. The author starts off with a great story about a boy who wants to become a violinist but has no violin. He has to learn all the other instruments and then he will have a violin. This boy is so nice that he doesn't just play a lot of little tricks that other kids do. He is very quiet, and he never shows off. He only tries to help others. This is a really good story, but I think it needs a lot more writing. There are so many things that are left unsaid and not really explained. Also, this book is not very educational. I found the pictures to be very difficult to understand. There is a lot about the human body and anatomy, and I found it difficult to get through the book. I will probably give this book a miss until the next book by the same author is released.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book, not knowing anything about it, and it is very boring. I am disappointed. I will not read anything else from the author. 3 out of 5 stars:   I really wanted to like this book. I have read so many books about the early days of the war that I was hoping for a good book that would give some historical perspective. This book does that and more. It is well researched and the author did a great job. I would have given it five stars if I could! The only reason it isn't a five star is because it is about a period that is very sad to read about.   1 out of 4 stars:      The only thing that I liked about this book was the book's cover. The actual book, however, is a big letdown. It was a long wait between purchasing the book and finally finishing it, but the book was a disappointment. The author had good intentions in writing the book, but it was very disappointing to me as a historian. The book, though informative, had little to nothing to do with the actual war. It made me think about the Great Depression of the 1930's and why the United States and other nations were not fighting against Germany during the war. The entire book is a collection of quotes from politicians, journalists, and generals, but there is very little historical basis to the quotes, nor does the book provide much context for the quotes. The only quotes that I found useful were from Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who gave a very strong speech in 1943 about why the USA should fight the war, but did not seem to know much about the war itself. I thought that was interesting. The first half of the book is very much about Franklin Roosevelt, with a little bit of a side note about Herbert Hoover. In the second half, the book focuses on Winston Churchill, who was in charge of the British effort during the early years of the European war. I found that quite interesting. One thing that is interesting to me is that while the book deals with FDR, he was the most vocal and the most prominent supporter of a united front during the time that the book covers, which I found interesting. I guess it just seems that the author is making a case for the war effort, but he doesn't really go into much detail about the real reasons for the European War, and I was disappointed by that.  5 out of 6 stars:
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it's part of a set of books by the same author (Sandra Cisneros) called The Secrets of the Immortal Mind.  They're about a girl, Jessica, who is a genius in her own right, but is not in touch with her feelings about other people.    Her family is a mess, her brother is a jerk, her father is an alcoholic and her mother is a bad mother.    This book was the only one of the three that I didn't really enjoy, but the other two I liked.  The only thing I liked about this book is that it's a sequel to a book I have yet to read.  The Secrets and the Immortal was about Jessica getting a job at a psychic.  This book is about Jessica's father and the two of them are friends, but not so much that she doesn't see things from his point of view.  There are a few funny lines in this book, but I don't know if I'll find much to like in this one.  I would have liked a little more about the family, and the way that Jessica's mother treats her and her father, but that is about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a good book, but there were a couple of minor flaws in the writing. I've seen a lot of great novels and this one wasn't bad, but it could have been a little better. I was hoping for more details about the characters' childhoods, but all the other details were just about the main characters. I would have loved to have seen a more extensive and in-depth exploration of their pasts, and more detail about the supernatural things going on. I also thought that there was a lack of details on how the other characters came to be the way they are, as they are so different from one another. However, I found myself actually liking a few of the characters, and the story was still enjoyable. I will still read this, but I will be waiting until the next one to pick it up.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ I got this book for my son and I love the book, but the problem is the first time I read it. There is a paragraph where a little boy is running, and one of the dogs comes up to him, puts its paw on his head, and licks him. Then a little girl sees the dog doing this, and her face goes white. I know that a dog is cute, but there is no reason for a dog to do that. I am going to have to tell my son that this book is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had the best of luck with the book. It was very well written, easy to read, and enjoyable to listen to. I am glad that I bought it and plan to continue listening to the series. I look forward to hearing what happens next.   5 of 5 stars, July 9, 2012  This is a great series. The characters are all very well developed. There are some slight spoilers, but nothing you can't handle. The plot is quite good, I don't want to spoil the ending but it will leave you satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The last third is just as good as the first. If you want to read about a woman who is the real deal and a tough cookie with a heart of gold, then you should pick this up." The book is great. I loved it. It's really well written and I liked all the characters. My only complaint is the ending. I was excited for the last third of the book, because I really wanted to see how they got there. When I got there, I realized I didn't care about the end of the story. I don't care if you have the right skills to become a super hero, or the right abilities to be a master thief, or if you can read minds. I'm not the only one who has this problem. I love the series and I wanted to get to the end, but I didn a little disappointed. I really loved the characters and I'm happy that this series will continue. I just wish they'd make it more of a mystery book and not a superhero book. I also didn't like the romance. I understand that a romance is always going to be an issue in a superhero series, but it was just a little too cheesy and overused. The romance wasn't that important to me, because it was so overused and cheesy.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is really bad. It's not bad in the sense that it's terrible. It just sucks. I was really looking forward to this book, and I had a great time reading it. However, it's just so bad. I mean, how the heck did anyone even think that this was a good idea? I've been a huge fan of the series and I love this series so much. And then to come across the story of the "unborn" is so disappointing. I really don't want to say too much about it because I don't even know if I can. But I'll say this: It's like a person came up with the idea and they were just like "let's be evil." It's just not very nice, and it's not very original. But hey, it made me laugh. I'm not a huge Harry Potter fan so it didn't hurt my overall opinion of this book. Overall rating: 0/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first book in this series I've enjoyed, but then the next two I felt the same way. Maybe it's because of the story, but I thought the second book was much better. The characters were all well-drawn and had some interesting backstories, and the romance was really well-written. However, I just couldn't get into this story. I wasn't feeling it. I thought it was just a little too slow-paced and boring. I felt it was too similar to the other books in the series.   My rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________   The story is a typical fairy tale. The princess is in trouble and the only person who can save her is her faithful knight, but as it turns out, the princess's father is a traitor, the queen's husband is actually her father, and the princess is a servant of the devil. So the princess and her friend are sent to a magical land and must work their way to the top in order to defeat the evil queen and save the land. I found the story to be predictable and the writing was good, but the character development was really poor. There are no real changes in the story. The hero is still a hero, the villain is still the villain, and they are still annoying and ridiculous. The story could have been much better if the author had focused more on the character growth of the characters and less on the silly plot.   One thing I liked about this book was the setting. I like fantasy and this was a nice change from the typical fantasy I've read before.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________ It is a very enjoyable read, and a very well written one at that. The only complaint I have is that I was disappointed that there wasn't more of it, and it would have been more fun to know that there was more, or that it was at least the first in the series. I am going to wait until the next one to read it. I was hoping that it would pick up the pace, but that hasn't happened.  4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The narrator is not very good and the author uses the term "hurt" a lot (i.e. "I'm hurt!")  - so you'll probably just feel a little bad when you read the book.  But this is just a book and not a great one, so if you don't care much about hurting, you'll have a good time reading it.  This is a book about the "dawn of the dinosaurs."   This is what the author claims and he is definitely a believer.   He talks about how people are "gazing at the dinosaurs" in the last century and how they're all still around and "living" to tell about it.     However, this is all a bit of a lie, because the dinosaurs didn't live for millions of years, but only a few hundred years.  They were around for about 100 million years or so.  And then, as a final note, he tells us that he thinks "the dinosaurs will return again."  A few facts that might give you pause. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's really bad. The book is just too long. It's so long that I can't get through it in a day. I'm going to give this book 3 stars because I do like the idea of being able to create a whole life out of whatever you want.  The writing style is nice.  The story is great, the plot is interesting, and I can see why people love the series. The only problem I have with this book is the ending. It was very abrupt. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________________ My mother bought this book for me as a Christmas present. I don't know if she read it or not. I've read a few books by this author before and they all had similar characters and plots. This one had me hooked from the first page. I was intrigued by the characters and their motivations. I loved the way the characters' names are written in a manner that makes them memorable, not just names with a name like the names in this book. I'm also impressed by the author's use of a combination of metaphors, including the concept of a "ghost town" as well as a "miasma of lost memories". I'm glad that the author didn't take the easy way out and use a clichéd plot device to make her story more interesting. There's a lot going on in this novel that I would have liked to have been explored more, like how this author creates an entire town that she doesn't know anything about. However, I'm happy that she didn't use this device. This novel is not a good book but a good one. I think I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading and enjoys mysteries. I would like to see a sequel, if this author ever gets one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book and was a little disappointed by it. I was not expecting much from a book about the history of science, especially when it is so short, and I don't think the author does a very good job at explaining the subject. For example, he mentions a very important scientific breakthrough that took place in the late 1800s, but then says "It's not really that important" or "We don't know how important it was." I guess I was expecting the author to do some more work on explaining the significance of the work, especially since he's not a physicist or a scientist. He also talks about the scientific revolution and why it happened. It's all a little bit abstract, and it doesn't really give a good sense of the science that was involved.   So, I was disappointed, but I'll read it again at some point.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and God was God, a very good God, keeping the whole creation in awe by His might. The Word made flesh and dwelt among us." - St. John  4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   I love this book, but it does take a little while to get into. The first section is the most fascinating, and the rest is a little dull. If you want to read about people who are more "real" than the "heroes" who save the day (and who are, in a way, a little like the "villains"), then this is the book for you. If not, there is some good stuff, but you'll still be a little underwhelmed.   The first half of the book is about the first year after the end of the war in which the Germans (who, of course, have no way to communicate with one another, as they have been so devastated by the war) decide to go back to their roots. They start farming and raising cattle. There is a sense of the past, but the Germans don't seem as much like the Germans of the 1930s as they used to be. Their clothes are very similar to the clothes of the 1920s, and they have more of an "American" appearance.  ....   .. the second half of this book is a bit more "normal" (for the Germans) - there are a few more stories about the people of the town, but also some stories about a village that is being rebuilt (and a few about a girl who was taken away by the Nazis). All in all, it's a good book.   the only bad thing about this book: I don't think I was quite ready for the ending of the story. It was a little abrupt and not as well thought out as the first half.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had a hard time putting this down after finishing it. It was good, but I would have loved a few more things that were added in. I found that I was more engrossed in the plot and characters than in the story itself. The pacing was a little slow, but that was to be expected, since this is a fantasy novel. This is just a bad novel, though, nothing more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The most disappointing thing about this book was that it did not come to a conclusion.  It is a book about the Holocaust, and in order to do that you need a certain amount of background and context.   But, the author does not present that information.  There are many examples in the book of statements made by various witnesses to the events which make no sense to anyone.  One witness claimed that "Hitler had planned the extermination of all Jews from the beginning, and that the Jews were only spared when he realized that his policies would lead to the end of the German people."  Another claimed that the gas chambers were "the best way to exterminate a people." Another claimed, "In reality, the extermination process was much more complicated, but that is a story for another day."  The Holocaust, however, is a complicated topic that is filled with a lot of conflicting information and evidence.  The author makes no attempt to address any of that.  I could go on and on about this, but if you are interested in this topic then this is a good book.  But, if you just want a quick read then you may be better off getting another book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ - The plot was a bit confusing and there were some inconsistencies between the characters. - The author was really bad at making it look easy. - One of the characters was really annoying and her personality was pretty much identical to the other characters.  Read full review :: purchase this book
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've been meaning to read this book for a while now, and finally bought it. I was hoping for a more entertaining story, but I found that the book was mostly just a series of bad decisions. I don't understand why he would choose to marry a woman so obviously unfit, and I can't help but think that maybe his poor choice led to his daughter's untimely death.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ I was given this book as a Christmas present and I am very disappointed in the book. It's the sort of book that's written by someone who knows what they are doing but is still horribly written and doesn't have a good story to back it up. This book is a total disappointment. The main character is a little bit annoying, the world building is terrible and doesn  [this is a pretty good book, but it is written so badly that I am wondering why this author is trying to get away with it. I'm not sure if it is the way the author writes the characters or if it's the fact that the world the author wants to write is so boring that I just can't believe it. The book really should have been titled "How to avoid being a bad author" or something. I also don't understand why the author feels that the "good" characters are supposed to be so much better than the "bad" characters, because at the end of the day, you don't get any real character development in this book. (hide spoiler)  I was giventhis book asa Christmas presentand I am VERY disappointed in it. It is the sorta book that is written by a person who knows how to write a story, but just can'T get it together. This is why I give the book a one star review.The story is very confusing, and I had to look up a lot of things because I just didn't get it, and also, there is no story. The plot is really stupid. The character development is not really there, it is only just a bunch of characters who are doing things. I was just bored at the ending.This book was very boring, and it really should of been called "How not to write good fiction" because this book is just very, very boring. I just couldn't believe how bad this book was. I feel like this is why this book got such a low rating on Amazon, because the reviews were pretty much all negative, but there is actually a lot to like about the book, even though the book is so bad. I would like to give this book a 2.5 star rating because it was a good book that was not written well, but I really don't think I can do that.This is a very boring book, and if you are looking for a very good book about a world that has a different history than the real world, then this is
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really liked this book and I loved the cover art, which is by Michael Whelan. But I had so many problems with the book that I can't even begin to recommend it to anyone, really. The story is about a girl who is the victim of sexual abuse and a terrible, horrible rape and is forced to marry her rapist when she's a teenager. It's a horrible story, and the author gives us a lot of insight into how awful this is and what she has to go through. It was well written, but I'm just not interested in reading another horrible story.   The characters are very flat. I don't understand why they have to be such horrible people, but the story doesn't really give us any insight into them at all, and I'm not sure why it's so important to tell us their stories. I think they should be the only ones we care about, and not have any other problems. The author also has trouble showing emotion, and we are never really made to care about them or their problems.  , especially the rape part. It felt like it was just a part of the story to shock and disturb the reader, which isn't that bad, but it does make the whole book a little depressing.   I know this is supposed to be a fantasy story, but a lot more would have been done with the characters. I also found that a lot didn't really make sense, and some things didn't make sense at all. I can understand why the author wrote the book in the way it is, but some things really didn't seem to make sense to me. There were a lot things that seemed to be just invented out of nowhere. I'm sure the author has her reasons, but to me, it was more than a little confusing and felt a little contrived. I would definitely give the book a miss, but maybe that's just me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- The most common complaint I've heard is that the book is just about how awful religion is. I'm sure that's true in a certain sense. It's a lot about the evil of the Bible, for example. But I feel like there's more that it's about, but the book doesn't really make it explicit. The book is very preachy, but I can't really see the point. The Bible itself, and the Old Testament specifically, is pretty bad, but it's hard to tell how much worse the New Testament is because of its complete disregard for the Old. The New Testament's theology is so incredibly confused that I had to read the book several times to figure out what it meant. It also feels a little like the New Atheist movement. I guess you could say it's a good way to find out about Christianity and not have to deal with it, but in the end it just ends up confusing. I know it's meant to be a book for atheists, but for the most part I found it hard to follow. It does give a lot of good info about the Bible though, and I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn about the bad parts of religion.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a poor writer, with a weak grasp of grammar, spelling and punctuation.  He is trying to do a "Barthelme" and he can't do it.  The main problem is that he uses an overused term like "a little bit of light".   He describes the main character as "one of those little bit's of light" and "that little bit".  It's a terrible book, but the author is not a bad writer.   
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- "This book is just a series of "bad ideas" all of which are wrong and stupid. If you want a book about an imaginary character named Biff, then by all means buy this book. If, on the other hand, you want to learn about science and/or history, then don't waste your money. It is just not very interesting. "
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A good story told in a bad way   It's a good story, but the way it was told was way too long. It was too long for me to get into it at all, and then it was just way too boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This is the worst book I've ever read. I really wanted to love it. It is written by a person who has been diagnosed with a serious mental illness, and the way she relates her life is painful. Her story is terrible. Her sister is also a very disturbed person, and this book takes her story and spins it to make it a positive. It's so sad, and it's such a negative view of mental illness.   I also felt this book was not well-written. It was very descriptive, and I'm not sure why. There was some information that was very difficult to understand.  , but I had to force myself to continue to read because I didn't want to stop. I was afraid that I was going to stop because I had a lot of questions. I'm still not sure if I'm going to continue with this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not a bad read. I was just waiting for a different story. This book is about a kid that goes on a trip and has a nightmare. The dream is a nightmare and the girl that is there is not who the kid thought she was. It is just a dream. I thought the story was good and a great book to read in the summer. 4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I am a "New" type of reader, a "old" type, a very old type, but a type nonetheless.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________  I really liked this book but it was just a little too short. I like that it was not a self-help book but a "how to" book for men. I liked the fact that it told a story about a man's problems with women, but I think that it could have been a little longer and more developed. I also liked the cover of the book but I thought that the colors were a little off. The color of the man in the cover reminded me of a bad paint job on a house, not really appealing to me. Overall, I liked this tome but it may not be a good pick for most men.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book to teach my kids about the dangers of smoking, and I'm glad I did. The book is well-written and the lessons it teaches are important. But the book is a lot of work for little gain, and it's hard to justify buying it as a gift. The information in the book isn't always clear and it would be nice if they would include the fact that smoking causes cancer in some people. 7.4/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was pretty excited to pick up this book as I am a big fan of the old school Star Trek and I'm a fan of Star Trek novels. I've never heard of this author before but I have been reading a lot of books about Star Trek lately and I think this one is one of my favorites. The characters are all very well developed and the book is written well. The setting of the story is fantastic and the stories are very well done. I found the stories a little on the depressing side and the endings were a bit too easy, but overall, I liked it a lot. If you love Star Trek you will enjoy this book. It's a fun read that should appeal to Star Trek fans and non-fans alike.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is just a bunch of bullshit. The author uses all kinds of strange words to try to describe something that's really simple, which is how a lot of people write about religion. The only thing that's different from the normal religious person's description of God is the way that this author defines God as "A being who is all-powerful and all-knowing." I'm sorry, but I don't want to be all-wise or all-powerful or all all-good. I want a god who's just, like, kind or something. And this book is not that. It's just another in a long list of books that I'm tired of hearing about how much God loves us. It just doesn't happen. I mean, it does happen a lot, but when I'm listening to people tell me about God's love, I want to hear something that is less vague, more concrete. This is not God, but it is what God would be like. And that's the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "In this book I found nothing new. It was just a collection of rehashes of previous arguments, and nothing that hasn't been said before. I feel the author has already convinced himself that he is right. The whole book is just one big argument from the author."   -David K.   "[...] I found the book to be a collection from several previous books, the arguments of which I've already heard before and in the context of which the author is already convinced that he's right."   thereviewbureau.com   In other reviews:   I think I can safely say that "The New Atheism and the Problem of Evil" is the book that I've been waiting for. It takes a look at the whole of modern atheism and provides an explanation for why the "New Atheists" fail to make any convincing arguments against religion. In addition, it explains why atheists should be more interested in religion than they are and gives a realistic view of what atheism has to offer. The book is very well written and, if nothing else, provides a good starting point for atheists to become more educated on the subject. The author's thesis is that atheism has failed as a political movement, but as a philosophical position is still strong. The authors have done a great job in writing a book that will both convince and inform the atheist community. I recommend this book to anyone interested in atheism, and I highly recommend this author's new book to people who are interested in the history of atheism and the history and philosophical basis for atheism.   inreviews.com - "This book is not just for the new atheist. The New Atheists have been attacking religion from the start. They are not going to be impressed by this book, because they already know the arguments. The most they need to do is read this book and find something new that they didn't know before. However, I do think that this book is more interesting than just an attack on atheism. It's a useful look at how the New Atheist movement was formed and what has led them astray, but it is not a critique of atheism as a whole."  .  The New Rationality: Why We Believe What We Do   By David Niose   (The following is a review of the book in a number of the websites that I read in the course of researching this review. They represent a wide range of viewpoints, but all the reviews agree that Niose
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had a great time reading this book. The author is a professional, but this book could have been written by a 13 year old girl, because she is the worst. She is a bad, bad person. The way she describes the "lady in black" is so bad it makes me want to kill myself. She's so disgusting it makes you want to die too. I mean, she says that the person she loves (a young man who is not her boyfriend) is going to have sex with her (as if it is normal) and then he dies because of this woman's badness. This is just horrible, and the author has the audacity to call herself a professional writer.   Also, the way she writes, in a very detailed way, about the characters is not only terrible but the way her style changes from scene to scene makes you wish you could skip ahead to the end of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought this book because I was looking for a good story with a strong, believable heroine, and while I think I found that here, I can't recommend it to anyone. The plot is fairly interesting, but the story isn't very well-developed. I felt like I didn't know much about her (the main character), and didn't really care what happened to her. I think that could have been done a lot better.   Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone who is interested in a good mystery or thriller, but isn't sure if they'd like to spend $15 on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just finished reading this book. It was a long and difficult book to get through but I did enjoy the read. The book starts out with the hero, who is a very good man and a man of integrity, and the villain, who we don't really get to know very well but who is also very bad. We do get to meet some of his friends and their families and the way they react to his actions is not always what we expect. This book has some great plot twists. I loved the way it was written. The ending was the only thing that I didn't like, I don't think it was the end of the book but I was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book sucks. The author, Eric Flint, wrote the book on the premise that people who can't find a good book to read are really good at finding bad ones. The bad ones are not just bad but also stupid. He was obviously trying to appeal to people who would buy a book from Amazon. I just don't get it. He also writes in a very childish tone. I got bored of his nonsense after the first 5 pages. This book is about people who are afraid to ask for help because they are afraid of getting it. They just do whatever they feel like doing. I don't even know how anyone could have enjoyed this book. It is a collection of people making a living by selling bad books. I was not impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book because I liked the book. But it was a waste of money.  The book was so badly written I just wanted to throw it out of the window.   12 of 15 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a very well-written book, I did enjoy it. It was a good mix of fantasy and historical fiction, and while the historical part wasn't great, it was not horrible. It had a good flow and the main character was interesting and a good storyteller. The book was not a masterpiece, but it wasn't bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was really hoping that this book would be a great experience but it was way to short for the price I paid and didn't make much sense. I was expecting a lot more and more in this book and I really wasn't disappointed. I do like the idea of being able to see and use people's thoughts to understand them, however the story is just so poorly written and paced that the book just didn't have that much to offer. If you are looking for a book to read that you can actually learn a lot from, then you might want to check this one out.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is just flat out boring.  There's not even much character development.   It just kind of drags on.  This book had a great premise that just didn't work out.  The story is good enough to keep me reading but I would rather not read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book at all. It's so predictable and predictable. I could see it coming a mile away but this book is just not worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ _________ This book is just awful. The characters are so flat and flat they come off as characters who don't give a fuck. The plot is just bad. It's basically a "What if" story with nothing to say. The main character (the narrator) is a woman with a mental disorder, who is constantly being abused by her mother and stepfather. She has been sent away from home because her parents aren't good parents and are mean to her. The narrator's mom is a mean bitch and her stepfather is a sadistic man. The mother is the only one in the book who treats her as a person, instead of a "thing" that needs to be put down. The story doesn't really go anywhere, and when it does it just repeats the same thing over and over again. The writing is just so bad, the dialogue is so bad it's ridiculous. It was also very short, but I can forgive that. This is definitely a book to skip, even though it is so short. I just hope this author has some insight as to why people would want to read a book like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the story was pretty bad and the writing was bad. But the story line was fun.  The book was very repetitive.    One of the problems with this book was the author's lack of understanding about the role of memory in memory.  He states in a footnote that " The first memory of a memory is the one that was most recently remembered ".  He seems to mean that our memories of events are our most recent memories of those events.  I mean if our memories were formed when we were babies, then why did we forget them at a very young age?   This is also a problem for the book because the author says in a few places that "memory works like the film's memory".  This doesn't really make sense to me.  The film seems to be describing our memory as a film.  If memory is like a film, why can't our memories be like a movie?  The book is confusing in a lot of ways, so I didn't feel like I was getting much out of the book.  But the book was fun to read, so at least I was able to look forward to another book in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The worst thing I found about this book is that, by the end, I had no idea what happened. I am not saying the book was bad, but I just don't know what happened! I am guessing that the author just couldn't decide on a plot line.   I have no problem with the book's subject matter, but if the author has to write a book about a story that just doesn't work for some reason, then he is in for a tough time. This was probably a tough read for the author to write, because he just didn't seem to know what he was writing about.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read most of the books that the reviewers have written about this book. I have to say that, aside from the story, this is a pretty good book. I really enjoyed it. I also have to agree with the reviewer below: I thought that the whole thing was a bit silly, which was fine.  It was a fun read. I had a lot of fun with it, though. I just felt a little sad for all the characters, especially for the main character, but that could just be me being a little bit hard on a book I really enjoyed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ******** I wanted to read this book because it sounded good on the cover, but after reading it, I can only say that it is a disappointment. The book is a story about a young girl who's family moved to a small town. Her father is a pastor, and her mom works as a nurse. They were not happy with the change, and the father started to hate her because she was so active in church. The story then changes to a little girl who is afraid of the dark. When she goes to sleep, she hears a voice in her head telling her to kill herself. When her mother tries to get her to go to church, she insists that she will go on Sunday, so her mom gives her a book to read. This book is not very well written and it does not make much sense. I don't understand how a story that starts with the main character killing herself will end with her going to church. And why did the parents get rid of the family dog? I really want to know what happened with the father's family and what happened to his daughter's family. I will not be buying this book again, and I hate to say it, but it was a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is boring, and the characters are all cliches. I hate cliched characters, so the main character being a psychopath is just another one in the long list of such characters. In addition, the protagonist has no real personality, no back story, and no development at all. There are other good books out there about psychopaths, and it's only the author's lack of skill that made me stop reading this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________  "I read this book in an afternoon, and then read it again, and read it a third time, and that was not enough for me to make me feel like I'd like to read it more. This book is a complete failure and a complete waste of your time."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping that this would be the great book that I had been looking for in my life. The book is a great read. I love it's description of the world that the characters live in, the main characters and the plot. I am so excited to read more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had been looking forward to this book for years but my anticipation was dashed when I realized that it was written by a guy with a huge ego.  This book, and I know this is an unpopular opinion, but the author has no real talent.  There are so many things wrong with this book that I can't possibly list them all, but there are so few things right that I felt I had to.   The first and most obvious is that the author's main goal is to be the voice of God on Earth.  It's pretty clear from the title that he wants to become God and so he decides to tell everyone how he is God.  This doesn't end well, and the book itself is littered with spelling and grammar errors.  When he does say things correctly it's with such arrogance and self-righteousness that it makes me feel like he's trying to tell me something that isn't true.  He also has a tendency to refer to people as "fools" when he's just talking about how he's God, and there's no other word that I could think of that would be as accurate.  If there's one thing that I've come to appreciate in my life it's honesty.  Unfortunately for the author, he seems to have a terrible lack of it in this book.  The second thing that was a big problem for me was that the man who wrote this book never seemed to understand how his own life would change if he were to become god.  I thought that God would give him all of his problems and troubles and the answers to all of them, but instead he just gets a little more self-centered and a little less happy.  Instead of being grateful for his own blessings, he feels like he should be thanking God for all of the terrible things that happened to him.  As someone who has had some pretty horrible things happen to me, this wasn't how I wanted to feel.  At times I thought this man was really out of touch with reality.  Again, the problem is that he never seems to understand that being God isn't a good thing.  Yes, God can heal the sick, and he can take the pain away from you but at what cost?   In addition to that, he makes a joke about a guy being raped that is so offensive to me that I had no choice but to write this review.  Seriously, I have never been so offended in
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- * A waste of space * Unnecessary and confusing * I could care less about the story * This book is not interesting * This is a pointless and confusing novel * I would never read anything like this again * This novel doesn't have anything interesting about it. * A bad book for a bad novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   The book is an interesting and useful book, though it is not without problems. The author begins his book with a discussion of the "fusion of physics and the humanities" and a statement that "a great scientist, like any good teacher, must also know how to read". This is a good start, and he continues to provide many examples of the ways in which physics is a powerful, useful tool for the study of the humanities. However, there are a number of problems with the book, and it is often difficult to understand the author's point. He does not seem to be a good teacher of physics (and perhaps physics is not a good subject for a book on the study and use of physics). He does have a strong belief in the importance of the mathematics behind modern physics (this, of course, is not always true). However, he also makes a number (many?) of statements that make no sense. For example, he describes how quantum mechanics is useful for the investigation of black holes (and how, for example, one could study the behavior of a black hole with a "quantum camera"). However, this is impossible to do with quantum mechanics. In the same way, a camera in which one could record the behavior or "state" of a particle (in quantum mechanics) would be completely useless. The same can be said of a camera (or camera app) that allows one to measure the position of a position of the particle (this is not possible with quantum theory, either). A camera that would allow one to record the state of the position would also be useless. He also mentions that the "qubit" (the quantum bit) is used to store information, but that this cannot be done using the information in the electron's quantum state (it would be impossible to read the information). He also makes the statement that the electron has a "superposition" (or "superpositions") of both its values of charge and its values for spin (this makes no sense). There are a lot of problems in the book that do not seem at all to be connected to the problems with quantum physics. A good example of this is that the author seems to use the term "quantization" to mean that there is a "quasi-classical" representation of a quantum system, but the term can also mean "classical". For example he uses the term in a way that is supposed to mean "quantized", but then also says "
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "The whole thing is a piece of shit."
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   A very enjoyable book, well worth the price. I found it very amusing, with all the various puns, puns about puns and puns on puns. I would have liked to see more about the author's history and her interest in puns as a child but that was just me being an overly nitpicky person, I suppose.   It was a very fun book, I enjoyed reading it.  .
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read a book I wanted to like but it just wasn't for me. This book is full of clichés about 'women' being selfish, manipulative, and just downright evil, but I am a little disappointed with it because it did not make me feel like it was an improvement over the original.  It was pretty much a copy of the original and I am not sure why I bothered with it.    I would like to read another book by this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book didn't get 5 stars is because it doesn't follow the book's basic premise.    As a child I loved reading about fantasy worlds with a strong and  The story is a great way to introduce your child to a fantasy world.    My kids love it.     Overall:    This is an enjoyable read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book after a friend of mine got me one and I fell in love with it. However, I think that there were some problems with the book and the writing.  For example, there were several times when I was just completely stumped.   Sometimes the narrator kept going on about how the "good guys" were in the fight, even though I don't believe it.    This is especially strange since I believe the author himself said that the bad guys were in that fight.  I also had a lot of problems with how the story ended.  At the end, the "heroes" of the book, the good guys, were in a car, and I don´t think it was the "bad guys" that pulled off the crime.  However, the narrator stated that the good guy "had to pay for his crimes" and "he was not in a happy place."    I found that to be a poor way of finishing the story.  The last part of the story, in which the narrator finally states that it was all a lie and the good people are in prison, left me with a bad taste in my mouth.  All in all, I give it three stars because it was an interesting book and I thought it was well-written. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** I was very interested in this book. However, I have to say that I was not so much excited to read it as I was irritated by it. I was reading about the origins of the modern world when I had to stop the story and go back and reread the original work (which was my first experience with this sort of story). The author tries to get across that the origins were very different than they are today and that they had different cultures and different people. Unfortunately the author does not go into enough detail about the different cultures that existed in the early years of the world. For example, the Egyptians (who came later) are much more barbaric than the Sumerians (who are more primitive) and the Egyptians did not have the advanced agriculture and cities that we have today. Also, the Sumers are described as being very warlike, which is a bit odd because they did not develop weapons until they got into competition with the Egyptians. I also think the author did not go very deep into the origin of the concept of the afterlife. The Sumerian concept of immortality was not as developed as we have it today, and the SumERians did not believe in reincarnation. I am going to have to go back to reading more ancient history to learn more about the origin and development of our belief in the afterlife and afterlife beliefs.  7 of 7 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    When I started reading this book I was a bit skeptical. I'm a pretty good science fiction reader, I've read a lot of science fiction. I've also read a few bad ones, but I'm not sure I'd consider this one bad. I read it for the fun of the writing. The writing style is different than a lot I've seen from authors in the genre. I find it to be a lot more fun. The story is a bit hard to follow but I found it enjoyable. The characters were well written and interesting, although I did find myself getting bored a bit at the end. I found the ending to be very satisfying. The only negative I have is the characters. They feel kind of generic, which I think is a good thing. If I'm reading a novel that is meant to be more realistic, this book would be fine. If you're looking for a fun read then I would not recommend this one. It's worth a read though!
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________   "This book is an abomination of a book. It is a blatant, and most of all, a complete and utter lie." - J. M. Jones   What the fuck is this book about? The main protagonist, "Mr. R" (we learn later that Mr. R is actually Mr. J), is a man who was raised by the military. His life is one of extreme physical and psychological trauma, but he's not the only one. "Mr." R has a wife and a child and a house and a job and a place to live and a wife to go home to.   The entire book is about the way the military treats POWs. The military treats them like animals, even though they are not. The soldiers who are sent into the field to kill and maim and torture people don't even know that there are people behind the lines who have been tortured for years. The army doesn't want to know the truth about what happened.   I've been through that, and it is absolutely horrifying. But this book takes it to a whole other level.   a soldier goes to a POW camp to kill some prisoners and a couple of guards go along with it. The book makes a big deal about how the soldier is "treated", but he kills them anyway because he doesn't think the guards would do anything about it, even if they were good guys. This is about as true to the book as you can get. It doesn't take long to figure out that the only reason the soldiers in the book even know what's going on is because the soldiers are telling them what's happening to them.  , as far as I know, isn't a true account of the Vietnam war. The actual book is called, "The Longest Day: A Story of Courage and Redemption in the Vietnam War", and I have a hard time believing it is the same book, given the way it was written. The main character, Mr. (we don't learn his name until later) R is a real soldier, who was in a pretty bad war, and he had no idea how bad it was. The whole thing is an act, and Mr. is pretty much a fraud, who is basically a war criminal who should be in prison for the rest of his life.The book is supposed to be about Mr.R. "The Last Rites", and it tells the story of how Mr.J was treated
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book is very confusing. I can't understand what is going on at all, so I ended up going through the whole book. It was a little hard to understand, but I guess the author just didn't know what he was writing about. Also, I thought that the book was kind of weird when I started to read it. It seemed like something was missing, but it never really came up in the actual book. I thought it was kinda weird to have a kid being really mean to him.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is just horrible. I have to say that the first chapter I read was one of the worst. It was extremely confusing. The entire book felt as if it was written in the first person and then the characters in the third person. The first chapter was confusing as to how a person could survive this kind of disease. This would be the kind of book where it would be nice to have a little more information in the beginning about what a virus does.   Then when you get to the last chapter you realize you just wasted your time reading this. It's just horrible! The narrator really doesn't get the meaning behind everything and it's very confusing. I couldn't understand a word that was being said. I'm not sure how I can read a book like this. If you don't understand it you're going to hate it. If it sounds like a bad story I don't know what to tell you. I will not be buying this book.   the end of the book is a terrible cliff hanger, you just don't care about the characters anymore, you want them to get better. It felt as though it was done to shock you or something, it didn't feel real at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book. It was fun, I liked it. It had a good plot. I enjoyed the characters. I liked the action. I thought it was a good read. I'd give it 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of people recommended it. I'm not a big fan of science fiction, and I'm pretty sure I have never read a book that was as bad as this one.  I don't know how the publisher got away with this.   I would have liked to have seen a few more people who have read the book give it a fair review.  If this was a good book, the publishers would have seen the light and released a decent book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ I read this book in preparation for a course on creative writing. It is a good book, but it is way too dense. It requires a lot of research. I could have easily saved myself a lot more time and energy by taking a quick look at my college library instead of wasting my time on a book that requires so much work.   In summary: _________   "You may have heard of the four horsemen of the apocalypse." (p. 10)   I don't know about you, but I thought that was an interesting phrase. What do the four horses represent? Do they represent the four forces of nature, or the four elements? I don't remember, but if you know, please share.   the four-horsemen of apocalypse (with the original spelling):   1. Earth (the earth itself)  2. Air (wind)  on Earth:   3. Water  4. Fire   on the four winds:   of Earth:  5. Wind (winds)   in the four seasons:     6. Ice (cold) 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book at work and I got the same feeling I did when I first heard about this book: that the author has no clue what she's talking about.   I've been teaching myself French and trying to learn a few basic phrases for about a year and a half now, and I have found a few books online that I've found helpful. This book is no exception. It's a very long and boring to read book that is more about language learning than language practice. I was expecting a quick review of the book's usefulness in my current situation, but the first two-thirds of the text was about how to learn French grammar. The third-third was mostly about how not to learn grammar. And then I was supposed to go over the exercises and how they worked, but I just couldn't do it.  ...   What is this book?   The book is "An Introduction to French Grammar". The author, who calls herself "A language lover", is a professor of French at the University of Virginia. She also works as a French teacher, but she says that teaching French has become very difficult because it requires a lot of "expertise" that she does not have. She does say that her "intuition" is good and she tries to be objective, but this is really a self-help book. If you are looking for a quick, easy, and enjoyable book to teach you French grammar, look elsewhere.     Why didn't I like it?  , I couldn't see how this book could be helpful. I already know how to read French, I can tell you about my own experiences with learning French and I also have a good amount of experience in other areas of the world, such as German, Spanish, Japanese, Portuguese, Italian, and Chinese. I can read, write, and speak all of these languages fluently. The only reason why I didn't get any good benefit from this book is because I didn�t understand what she was saying. I just kept trying to make sense of what she said, and in the end I didn��t. It is also clear that she is a very poor writer. For example, she uses lots of adjectives to describe things in French. She uses words like �unbelievable� and �outrageous� and other words like that to describe her feelings about things. It didn�te make sense to me, and
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- "I loved the first half of this book, then I got this awful ending that was just a complete mess." -Tanya, Amazon.com Customer "... I've been reading this book for a while and it's good. It's just that it was so boring that I'm just not going to keep buying it, it just doesn't have the sparkle anymore." -Amber, Amazon Customer "This book was great...but I'm not sure I'd be able to finish it. It is too long, and too boring to be anything more than an entertaining read." -J.A., Amazon.ca Customer "I can't believe this book has been sitting on my shelves for the last 10 years. I used to love this book so much! It was the best book I have ever read, it was the first book that I read that I had a problem with. The plot was so interesting and the characters were so complex and interesting...I wish I could find it." -Nina, Amazon customer "I really enjoyed the book. It was a little too long for my taste. But I don't think it was too long. I really enjoyed it. I would recommend it to anyone." -Anonymous Customer "The story was great. I loved the book and can't wait to read the next book." -Annie, Amazon reader "This is an excellent book. The characters were wonderful and the plot was interesting." -Pat, Amazon reviewer "My daughter loved this book. I enjoyed it too." -Gerry, Amazon reviewer "The characters are so realistic and well drawn. I am looking forward to the next installment." -Mandy, Amazon user
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   I thought this book was amazing from the first page. It had all the elements that make up a good suspense novel: suspenseful writing, suspenseful scenes, tension-building tension, an evil mastermind, and a little romance. This book has the suspense, suspense, tension, suspense... I loved it.   The problem is that it is too long. If you read it in one sitting you'll be sick. The beginning is just okay, the middle is okay, and the end is okay but it's over so quickly.   a little more suspense, a little less action, a good story, a great cover  It was a good read, but it would have been better if it was a little longer. It would have given more depth to the characters and the events they experienced. I thought this was a great book, but I think it would be a great one if it had a little bit more suspense. I think the ending was a bit rushed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________. __________. _____. I was really excited about this book, and then ____________. I finished the book, but found myself looking forward to the next book in the series to see what else would happen. ____. _______. __________________________________. I found the characters a little too stereotypically male for me, but I really liked the story. It was also really funny, although I had to turn off the sound on my Kindle to enjoy it. _______________________. I just wish that the story was a little longer, and that the ending was a bit more satisfying. Overall, I was impressed with the book. _______________________________. This is a book that I'd recommend to anyone. I'm definitely going to read the next in the trilogy.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ My first attempt at writing a review for a non-fiction book (yes, I'm that old) and the title was just terrible. It's not because the book was bad but because I couldn't understand how the author managed to write a book about a group of people who were so poor they lived in a pig sty. They were also so uneducated and ignorant they couldn't even understand that it was a pigsty. I found the entire book to be very boring and pointless. The author's main purpose for writing this book was to show the poor lives of the people living on a small farm and the author was more interested in making them sound like they were worse off than they were. The only person that seemed to care about the book seemed to be the author and I felt very let down because I had the most hope for this book.  6 of 7 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I don't believe that the most difficult problem of all is the solution to the most trivial one."  –Arthur C. Clarke  The best science fiction books come from the imagination of people who love the science.   - - - -  Favorite books:  Star Trek: The Original Series  Voyager: The Final Frontier  Farscape  Space: 1999  Walden  I don the white collar in a suit and tie in the lounge of the old-age home. It's the best room in the house. And it's in the attic. It takes me five minutes to climb the stairs to the attic, and there is no bed. I put the lamp on the wall to illuminate the spot.  It's the last place I wanted to go. There is a huge picture window on the right. But when I look in the window, it's just a picture of the sky and the ocean and the sky, and I can't see anything but the ocean. I think that the whole room is just a dream. ...  We get a glimpse of the world when we get to the last story of this book. We get to see the world through the eyes of the men who have been there. We see the war and the violence and the tragedy. We feel for the women, because they are so helpless in the war. We are reminded that even a few days after a war is over, it can still have an effect on people.  the men's story was about a man named Robert and his wife Lacey, who was pregnant and lost her baby to a bomb that killed everyone in the building that they were in.  The story ended with the two of them together in a room, looking at each other. And they are both broken. The next morning, they wake up, and they realize that they need to figure out how to get through this horrible tragedy and move forward with their lives. The woman's story is about a woman named Ann who is in her mid-30s and is pregnant with a child she is going to name Henry. Her husband died, and she is grieving and trying to keep her baby alive. They both have a different perspective on this, but both see the tragedy of the whole thing. But they have a lot in common. They are both people who have lost a child. They have a very similar
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't care what you think of this book, it's not worth your time or money. I don't understand the hype about this book. It's a bad read that's not very good. I can't believe I wasted my money on this. This is the second book by a new author I have not enjoyed. The first was the book by Robert C. Martin which was good but the second is just a bad bad book. I really want to like this book because I really love the idea of the story but it is just too bad. The book is basically a story about a group of people who are searching for a place to live in an abandoned city in New Mexico. They do a lot of searching and they find a home but it isn't much better than the rest of the abandoned cities in New Mexican. I do like the idea and the idea is good, but it's just not very well done. There are some good ideas and I think it's a very well put together book. There is some very interesting things about this city but the book is not very interesting and I don'st like the characters that much either. It just isn't very good book. 6/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out okay with the main characters, but by page 7, they are not in the same universe anymore. I was excited about this series, but I didn't enjoy this book at all. I think the main character, John (who is a very good writer, but this isn't a good book), did not have the ability to write well enough to make this book the fun read it should have been.  It's a bit too long to be interesting, but that's okay, because I read it on the train and forgot about it, so I guess that's a plus.  The story:   This is the first book of the series.   The story is a lot of fun and the book gets a lot better from book to book.  The author doesn't waste time, and the story is very well written.  But I think this book is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a boring book, there is no character development and the ending sucks. This book could have been a novel but it was so rushed it could have easily been a series of stories. This is the first book in a series and I'm hoping they write a great series. This just made me want to go out and buy more books in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time and is not a good read.  The book has two stories.  One is about the author's ex-husband.  The other is about a man who's wife left him and now he's a heroin addict and needs help.  I don't understand the logic of this book.   The main characters are a total waste of space and their stories don't connect at all.  For one thing the author makes this book so long and the main characters so small that they are not really memorable.  He makes it seem like the main character is going through a lot and that the other characters are just kind of there.  There is also a lot of sex in this book and a lot more drinking than you'd expect.  At least the sex in the book is not all that bad.  If you want to read a book about the ex-wife, you'll find that this is a good book. If you are looking for a good story about a heroin-addicted man, then I wouldn't recommend this book to you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had a great time with this book. I had to reread the first one twice just to make sure I hadn't missed anything. There were some parts of it that I wasn't too fond of, but I thought the story was really interesting. The writing was very well done. I loved the characters. It took me awhile to warm up to the characters because they were just so strange, but by the end of the book I really felt like I had found my favorite characters. There's so much I don't know about the characters, but it's always nice to have a book that is filled with mystery and intrigue. It really makes it more exciting and interesting. I liked the writing. I'm not sure if it was because of the weirdness of the characters or because the author didn't like to write romance, but she didn't write a romance in this book and I was really disappointed. I wanted to love it and I really did love it. The book is also very long, but not in a bad way. There are some parts that were quite long, like a chapter about the book's main character getting his heart broken by the first woman he meets and another about a woman who finds out that her husband is cheating on her. I really enjoyed the ending, though, it was just perfect. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes books that are different and not what we're used to reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ This book is a huge disappointment. This book was not fun to read. It is so long and boring. I didn't understand any of the characters and it seems like the author took his inspiration from a series of novels from the 80s. It took me forever to get to the end.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bit of a let down. The ending is not bad, but is so very short. I'm not sure if there is a sequel, and this book is already long enough. I wish it had more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first book of the series is a decent little fantasy book, but the second one is a horrible book. The plot is a complete disaster and it is very boring. This is a book I would never want to read again. "So we are on the edge of the forest and the old woman is pointing at a huge hill and saying, 'The king is coming,' and we start to wonder about her. I don't remember what happens next. But I do remember that the ending is very much as I'd imagined it, that the king and his queen ride out, with the old lady's voice in the background. And we're right back where we started, in a dark forest, looking for the king." There is no doubt in my mind that this is the best thing about this book. If you want to get into fantasy, this is a great book. There are some flaws in the plot that I will address, but for the most part this book is a fantastic read. It is fast paced and there is a lot of action and violence. I am also a big fan of the dragons. I like the story, I like how the author wrote it, but there were some problems with the plot and I didn't feel like I was fully invested in the characters. I liked the dragons, but they just seemed like a tool to add a bit of drama and excitement to the book. This book could have been better if the characters were a little more believable. I also felt that the author was a bit overzealous in using the dragons in the story. I can understand how the dragons are used to create a sense of urgency, but I think the author used them too much. I think that it was unnecessary and I think it would have been more effective if the dragons were just used as an excuse to have a dragon. Overall, I thought this book was very good. I would read it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring and I found it very hard to understand. There is no real world examples, but only vague descriptions of how the different methods work.  I also found that the main point of the book was that they have the same goals, but different methods, and that the methods are good, but not necessarily better than one another.  My wife and I were going to try the "free range" method, but it is not very good.   It doesn't get rid of all the stress of raising children, and it is too expensive.  We did have a successful free range family, but we had to raise a child to be able to keep the house, feed the dog, and keep a yard. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ The worst book I've ever read. I've been reading for years and it is now clear to me that I'm not reading any more.   If I have to choose a top 3 books, I would say:  1. The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho  2. The Giver by Lois Lowry  3. The Last Samurai by William A. Irvine
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________The best thing about the book was the characters. I found myself really caring for them. I felt sorry for all the things they had to do and the problems they had, and I enjoyed the journey. I was just disappointed in the ending, which was not as satisfying as I was hoping. I loved the character development and the plot was well-paced and had lots of action. I will definitely reread this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was not a good book. The plot is not a real plot, it is just the same characters doing the same thing over and over. The characters are very shallow and one is more a pawn than anything else. The whole thing is just too cliche, even for a book from a fantasy series. If you have not read the book you should not read this series. The writing is horrible, the plot is just a bit too much.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disappointed in this book. I was hoping for a story that would be a bit different from what I've read before, but what I got was a story about the family that is the Barden family. A family that has problems that are caused by a mother that was abusive. I don't know what happened between the mother and her children, but it's obvious that the Bakers don't love each other very much. The story is a bit of a soap opera. I didn't love the characters but I couldn't help but love the family.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most boring book ever written.  I'm reading this book in a hotel room because my laptop is broken and I have no way to access the internet, and I really don't want to read this book because it is so boring.   It's the worst book I have ever read in my life.  I have read many books in my time and I don't like to review them, but I really feel like I'm having a mental breakdown right now reading this because I'm so bad at it.  I can't believe this book.  My mom and dad don't even know what I'm talking about when it comes to fantasy/sci-fi/horror/crime novels.  It's just boring. This book is so bad.  Every. Single. Thing. I hated.  The writing was bad, the characters were flat and unrealistic, the story was boring and poorly paced, the worldbuilding was bad and poorly executed.  There were too many holes in this book and it was just boring and tedious.  For me, this is one of the worst books I've ever read.  Not one single thing I enjoyed about it. I feel like my brain is imploding right now. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "An interesting premise, but the writing is so terrible that it becomes just a chore to read the book. If you want to read a good book about being a young man in the 60's, you'll be disappointed." The premise is that two men are traveling in the same car across America to see if their lives will ever be the same. I thought this premise was very original, and I enjoyed the book as a result. The author does a good job in describing each town and location that he visits, and also gives his opinions about the people in each town. One reviewer mentioned that the narrator does a terrible job at describing what the two men say to each other. My only problem with the book was that it was over quickly, and the pacing is very slow. It is hard to concentrate on the story when you don't know what is going to happen next. The pace also doesn't help that the book reads a bit slow. One thing that the author did was to write the book in the second person. I think that this may be a problem for many of the people who have read The Great Gatsby. Overall I think this book is a good idea. It was interesting, well written, and had a good pace. Unfortunately the pacing did not keep up with the pace of the story, and that was very annoying. 6.5/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book is so terrible that it has to be a "tribute". I read this book after I had been on the internet for years reading about the Bible and was wondering if this is what God meant when he said, "In every nation there is a prophet like unto me, who is known among men by his works, and I know him" (Isaiah 43:8). The book is written by a man named Richard Dawkins who has become one of the most successful atheists in the world. He has even had his own book written about him by his friend, Stephen Jay Gould. This book was one of those books that just got better as you went on and the more you read it the more "Dawkins" became. In the beginning the author gives us a good overview of evolution and then he gets into the more important and "scientific" parts of his book. He starts off by telling us that the human body is "primitive" and that we should just let God sort it out, which of course is just the opposite of what we are told to do. I have no idea where the author got the idea that evolution is a religion but he makes a lot of assumptions about it which leads him to say that humans evolved from apes. It is then pointed out that the apes do not have large brains like ours do. It then is pointed out how we are not just apes but the result of an evolutionary process which included "supernatural" powers such as "miracles" and the "will of God". The "will" of God has to do with God's "consistency" or his "consistence". This is the first part of the book. Dawkins then tries to tell us that God does not have to have a consistent will. He can have an inconsistent will or a "blind will". He has a blind will but not a consistent one because it would be inconsistent to have such a thing. This leads us into the next part where he tells us that humans are the result from "sexual reproduction". The next part is where he tries to show us how we could be the result the same way. This is where we get into his "evolutionary" argument and it is pretty much the same as the one above. This part is followed by his argument for the "survival of the fittest" which is the argument used to support slavery and slavery based on the bible. This "survivor's guilt" argument is the
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** ********* ******** ******** This is a terrible book. The only thing that kept it from being a total disaster was that it had some humor, but it wasn't funny. I know that's an unusual combination, but even I found it hard to stomach the over-the-top, stupid antics of the characters. The book also had some truly stupid ideas that I'm sure the author put in for shock value (but really they just annoyed me), and I really don't think they were needed. If you're a fan of humor-based books, this might be a good one. But if you like your books serious, with a bit of a twist, this isn't the one for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- --------------------------- -------------------------- ------------------------ ------------------------ (This is a short book, but it's not just a book, it's a series of books.) It's a very well written, very interesting, and well told book. It is very clear that this is the work of a very good writer and a very capable author. I will not read any more of his books as I really liked this one. I've read many good books, but I always come back to this one as it is very well done. It doesn't matter if you like science fiction or fantasy or other things, I recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing this book was good for was reading to my niece as a bedtime story.  I got the "real book" version of the book as I had originally ordered it online, and I am very disappointed with this one.  It does not contain a single word of humor, or fun in general.  There is nothing about the story that makes me laugh, or feel like it was written with humor in mind.  In fact, I found the story to be somewhat sad.  So sad, that I found myself crying a couple of times.  The writing style is very poor.  Very poor. It is so bad, that it is hard to read.  But I found it worth it.  As a bonus, I also found this book to be an interesting book about history.  Yes, you can argue that the author used this book as a platform to tell his own story. But, as I said, it was so bad that it felt like the author was doing just that.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ It's a shame that a book as good as this was made by such an incompetent writer. It is a well written and interesting book about the life of an African American woman. It doesn't really matter that it's not about a black person. It's about the American black woman, and the way we view her. I will give it a 4 star because of the positive parts of the book. _________________________ (Posted on 10/20/14)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The first 50 pages or so were amazing and I thought this was a really interesting and exciting book about the creation of the Internet and its impact on technology."  (Posted April 9, 2010)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have given this book 5 stars if it had been available to me when I was a teenager. But it wasn't, and that's just a sad thing. This book is full of so many clichés, you can't help but feel the author has no idea how to write a story, or if he did, he doesn't know how to use it to make something more than just a list of stereotypes about a minority group. This isn't even the worst part of this book. The worst part is that, although the story is set in the 1960s, the racial stereotypes in the book seem to be of a different era, and don't seem to reflect the real racial tensions of the time. I have no idea why they thought this was a good idea. I can see the author thinking that, since he has the time to research, he should try and use this book as a tool to teach people about racism, but it seems like he really doesn't have the time, or perhaps it's just that the book was never published. Maybe it was too political for the author. I hope he wrote a book about a real racist today. If so, it would probably be called The Good and the Bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sorry to say I just didn't like this book. The characters are bland, the plot is predictable and it was just a lot of fun to read.  As a long time sci fi reader I expected to like it but sadly I didn't. I'm not sure what happened but maybe I just wasn't in the right mood for it. __________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was bad.  It is just so, so bad.   I was expecting the worst, but this book was a train wreck.   There are a number of problems: The main character is a complete idiot.  He thinks he is a god.    He thinks he can do anything with a bunch of animals.  This is a story of a man who was raised in a poor family and who just thought that he was the man to go to war.  He has a lot of trouble in this book.  First he has a very strange relationship with his pets.  I think he thinks they are his friends and that they would get along well with his other soldiers.  Then he thinks that he can take over the world.  It is really hard to imagine a soldier in this day and age being able to take over and be in charge of other people's lives.  Also the author just made the soldiers look so dumb.  They had a lot more in common with animals than the other characters did.   The author also makes the soldiers very dumb. There is a lot going on here.  The main characters were extremely stupid.  There were several scenes where the author made a lot less sense than what was happening on the page.  Overall I really did not enjoy this book at all.  To start with I do not like it when the hero has to go off to war and think that he is the greatest man on earth.  You have to show some sort of weakness in order to get to the main character, but not the hero's weakness.  After the book is over I really felt that I did not like the main characters at all at all and did not care for them at all either. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem with this book is that the author uses the word 'virgin' twice, both times as a synonym for'sexually inexperienced'.  This is an extremely misleading description of the book's content, because in the first instance it means 'young adult' and in the second it means "the virgin's first sexual experience."  A'sexual experience' in this context is an oral or vaginal sex act, or a sexual activity that occurs within the first year of a person's life.  (As a child, I was still considered to be a virgin.)  In the case of sex in the book, the virgin's experience is having her first kiss (which is described as a 'first time' in the novel, but in the case study it was the first time her boyfriend tried to kiss her, and the first kiss she received from him was when she was seven.)  In the second example, 'vulnerability' is described by the author as a lack of sexual experience.   The main difference between the two examples is that in the example of the'sexual inexperience', the writer is attempting to convey the experience as something that happened to the 'vulnerable virgin'.    The second example of 'vulnerabilities' is not intended to convey that the girl has experienced sexual abuse, but that she is unable to 'escape' the 'unpleasant experiences' that occurred to her.  This is because in this example the 'victim' is the girl's boyfriend, who 'escaped' the girl when she began to have sex with him.  In this example, the 'exploitation' of the girl is not the sexual experience itself, but rather her inability to 'get away' from her 'victims.'  In the case that the virgin has had a sexual experience with her boyfriend, the main difference is that she has experienced something sexual, whereas in the previous example the victim has been raped, and thus the victim's experience of 'victection' is more severe.  I've written about this kind of double standard in the past.   For some reason, though, the author of the example in this post seems to take these distinctions to be absolute, and so uses the two'sexual experiences' to describe the same book's message: the author is trying to convey a message about what happens when a person experiences sexual assault or abuse.  The author makes a similar mistake with
Write a negative review about a bad book:        My favorite part of this book is the first chapter. I was in a rush at work and had the book on my desk. It was late at night and I just had to get it to work the next morning. I had no idea what the hell it was about. I didn't want to open it up. I went into my bedroom and took the book and the headphones off. I listened to it and it started off ok. I don't know what it was I was looking for but I got bored. I got so bored that I stopped listening. The last few pages were too confusing. I know what I was expecting. I have read this book so many times and thought I knew what I had to look forward to. This is a horrible book. It's full of bad grammar and horrible prose. The author should not be allowed to work. The worst part about this book was how bad the cover was. It looked like it was taken from a 70s horror movie. It would have been much better if they had put a picture of a guy on the front. I really hate to give this book a 1 star but I really can't stand it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I found this book to be nothing more than a collection of personal stories that were told by a person with no self-awareness. I felt it was very easy to relate to the main character who, while having a very difficult time, still has a positive attitude. However, it didn't make up for the rest of the book's poor quality. This book was extremely repetitive, and lacked any substance whatsoever. The only reason I gave this book 4 stars is that the ending did give me some closure, but I'm not so sure about that. It's an extremely long book with many short stories, and I can't really say I got any of the individual stories.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a good book, but it is really bad for the audience it is written for. I am a huge fan of the original series, but I didn't care for the new book. I thought it was really lame. I don't like being lectured by a girl who has no interest in the characters, or in being told what to do, or what to say, or how to say it. I'm sure this is a fan of both books, but the writing style of the book felt like it was meant for a much younger audience. I had to skip it to get to the next book in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I bought this book because it was being offered as a free sample at one of my favorite bookshops (Amazon). It was an interesting look into the life of a typical teenager, as well as a fascinating look at a young man's mental and emotional health. It didn't disappoint. The author's story is quite well written and it's quite easy to follow. The protagonist, Aaron, is a fairly typical teenager who struggles with depression and struggles with the pressure of school and the rest of the school world. He is also dealing with his own relationship problems. The book was easy to read and it wasn't overly difficult or overly difficult. I liked it. I'm going to read the other three books in the series as well.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- -------------------------- I found this book to be extremely dry. I'm not sure what kind of "story" this book is supposed to be telling, since it just goes through the motions of describing what it's like to be a man in a society where women are considered second class citizens and where rape is a common and acceptable thing to do. And while I think the book does its job, the "story line" just didn't seem to fit with the rest of the book. There were also many points where it just felt like the author was repeating herself and/or trying to get the point across in a way that made her seem smarter than she was. ---------------------------  What does it mean to be gay?  Why do gay men sometimes have sex with men? :D  Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad book: *************I've read many great books on the subject of self-improvement, but this one just doesn't stand up to the standard set by the others. The author makes a big deal about how "you're already the most perfect version of yourself" and then, in the first chapter, she teaches you how to make yourself "better" by telling you how much you suck at something. I can't tell you how many times I've heard this, and I can tell you that this is not a good way to live your life. The next chapter, which is a "how to" manual on how to improve your life, goes on to say that you're already perfect and all that matters is improving yourself. Well, this is a good book if you want to tell yourself you're perfect. I have a hard time believing that anyone can actually get that far with their life.This is the same author who told you to stop drinking because you were already so great that drinking was a waste of time.This book is a great way to try out self improvement techniques that you might not have heard about before. It is fun to read. The writing style is simple and direct. The book is pretty dense, but the content is very relevant and helpful. You can find the book in a used bookstore near you.I would recommend this book to people looking for some good ideas about life.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time.  It's a bunch of stories, some interesting, some bad, some confusing, but all without much to say.  I mean, how could a book that says "it's like being in the middle of a murder mystery with a buncha teens" be any good?  I don't get it.  And even the good stories don't make much sense, either.  But I still can't get around reading the book, because I need it to be a good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read so many bad books, it's hard to remember them all. This one was a pretty bad book to begin with, and I'm a sucker for a good time story.  I also felt like I was being lied to about some things, but not so much that I couldn't enjoy it for what it was.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that I bought for a young adult group as a gift.  It was very confusing and difficult to follow.  The author tries to keep things very simple, but the book really did not go anywhere.    I am really disappointed that I paid so much for a book that didn't seem to be anything more than a list of things that we had to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to this book and was very excited when I got it and started reading it, but was extremely disappointed with it. The first third of the book was very good, but the second and third thirds were very boring. The story was very boring and the characters were very uninteresting, especially the main character, Lillian. There is no tension between Lillian and her parents, no real conflict between the characters, no tension or suspense in the story. The only thing that made me feel suspense was the suspense of the ending of the story, but even that was lost when I was done with it because I didn't feel suspense or tension, and I'm not sure why I even finished the book in the first place.   The book was really well written, but it was just a very boring book and I was extremely dissapointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________   If this is what it takes to keep the books coming, I'll buy them over and over again. If I want to read about a wizard who can kill anyone in the world, who uses a bow and arrow and has no problem taking a shower, I'm happy to buy that book. If that's not enough, I can get the book in hardcover and still have enough left over to buy another book.   However, this book is really bad. I think the author is either incredibly stupid or just doesn't know what she's doing. She thinks she's writing a fantasy novel and yet there's no magic. Not only that, but there are so many mistakes. The character names are stupid. The story is really hard to follow. The plot is incredibly dumb. The dialogue is stupid. She even tries to do a sequel by saying she'll just have to reread it all over again when the story gets better.   the ending was not satisfying at all and i can't believe i've read all of this crap. i feel like this book should have never been published.
Write a negative review about a bad book: **********I found this book to be completely boring and dull. The characters are all very flat, one of the main characters is boring and the story doesn't make much sense to me. The plot was not well paced, the author is just making it up as he goes along and I just couldn't get into it. This book was just too long, I really wish the author would have cut it down to at least 10, but even with that short a book this book could have been shorter. If you are a fan of fantasy and fantasy fiction then you may want to give this a shot, but if you are not, don't waste your time, this book is just too much. If I read more books by this author, I would rate this book a 4.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most awful book I have ever read. There is a very odd tone to it and is completely lacking in any kind of plot. The plot is a complete non-starter and I think the author just threw in the plot in hopes that it would be entertaining. I think I read it because I'm always on the look for books to read. This is a waste of time and money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________   I'm not a fan of science fiction and fantasy, but I am a fan for the right reasons.   This book is a "what if?" book about the world of science fantasy. A man is born and raised in a world where magic is common, but in his early years he is cast out of the city where he was raised and taken in by a nomadic tribe. He is raised to be a warrior and is taught to be strong and capable. He grows up into a very strong warrior, but then the tribe comes under attack from some sort of enemy. The man is killed and he is told that he must go back and save his people. He travels back to the city, is cast away from the tribe and finds a woman he thinks is his sister who he falls in love with.   in the end this book was a bit of a drag and I'm not sure what the author was trying to do with it. The story is not very original and the main character was a weak protagonist, but it was good fun and had the right amount of fantasy and mystery to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I'm not a fan of the "literary fiction" genre, but I can't deny the talent of those involved.  The writing was excellent, but the characters are too one-dimensional for my taste." A good book that I'm sure many of you will enjoy: "I enjoyed this book, though I was disappointed in the ending. Â I'm hoping for a sequel.    "I like the characters and the action.  I think the writing is very good."
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- ** This book is not good, it's not bad, but it's just not what you would expect. The main problem I have with it is that it takes too long to get started, which I'm sure you all know about. The story is very poorly written and very confusing, I can't remember a single thing that happens from beginning to end. The characters are very bland, not even likable at all, so I couldn't care less about them, or really even want to. There is nothing interesting about the plot, the whole book is just one long plot twist after another. The last 3 chapters were just really lame and just made no sense. The only good thing about this book is that there is a sequel, but that isn't going to make me buy another book from this author. ****
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "If you are not a fan of the original Star Trek series or the Next Generation series, or both, then you will be greatly disappointed by this book."   I have seen the original series of TOS, the Next Gen series, and now this one. I have to say that this book is very poor. The first time I watched the original, I loved it, and was hooked to this series as well. It was a new story, a new character, and it was fun. It has been a while since I have seen Star Trek, and I remember seeing it for the first time. I can see why this book would be popular with those who love the original and new series, but to me, it doesn't hold up. It does not give the character the depth they deserve, and to be fair, I think that they were supposed to be very different, and this is one of those stories that is just a tad boring.   The first half of the book is the story of the crew of the Enterprise. This is a great story, the first to focus on Kirk and the crew. It focuses on Kirk as a commander, and Kirk as the hero. It gives us a story about the Enterprise that we've never seen before. The Enterprise is in deep space, with no idea of what they are doing. They are getting into trouble, they are being shot at, and they are trying to make sense of the world around them. It's a very interesting and engaging story. However, after a few chapters, the story starts to drag. We see that Kirk has not really taken command, he is more of a mentor to the rest of the ship. He is more concerned about his crew's well being than taking command himself. This leads to a great many characters that are either under-developed or don't get much screen time at all. I think the author had a good idea, but in the execution, it just doesn't work. I know it's supposed to, but it just didn't work as well as I thought it would.  , I have never seen a book that I felt I could hate as much as this book. I don't think I've ever had such a hard time in reading a book. This was by far the worst book I've read so far in my collection. The story is about a man named Kirk who is trying to be a good captain, but when the Enterprise is pulled out of orbit
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a complete disappointment. The author, a retired police officer, was a former narcotics officer, and he has a very good command of the subject. He is a good writer.   He has been given the task of writing a book to convince his fellow police officers that narcotics enforcement is important, and that it is a serious business, with very real benefits to the community. The book is, indeed, written with a lot of passion and enthusiasm, but the presentation is seriously lacking in substance. The chapter about the narcotics unit is a prime example. The tone of the whole chapter is positive and encouraging, but there is absolutely nothing about narcotics or the actual problem of narcotics enforcement. The reader is left to wonder if this is the same man who was so enthusiastic about the task force's success during the early days of the drug war. The fact that this book is titled "The Narcotics Unit" is a great indication that there is nothing about the problems of narcotics policing in the book that is positive. It is all about the positive and about how important narcotics are to the war on drugs. The problem is the whole of the narcotics department. This is a book that shows a lack of understanding about the actual problems faced by narcotics officers and what narcotics policing is allabout.   the problems:   The book is divided into two sections. The first is about the history of the DEA, how the agency came to be, how it became the narcotics division, and how it is run. It begins with an account of the early history of DEA. It also covers the history and development of the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA). This is important for a number of reasons. It shows the fact that the DEA as a whole is run by an agency, a division, a unit, or a bureau. The unit that the book discusses is called the DEA Tactical Support Group. The Tactical Support group is a special police unit that is attached to DEA Headquarters. The group consists of agents from the National Narcotics Division and from other DEA divisions. The department that this group is attached too is called DEA Headquarters, or DHQ. In other words, the division that runs the DEA is a separate division from the headquarters.   a history of narcotics:   The first chapter that covers the development of narcotics was written by the DEA's former Deputy Director for Operations, William Bennett. The purpose of this chapter is to present the history that is presented in the first two chapters. Bennett tells
Write a negative review about a bad book:      I just finished reading this book. I really don't like reading stories of this nature, but I was hooked from the first sentence. The story has a sense of mystery and a feeling of suspense. The characters are well drawn and I felt like I was reading a book that was well written and entertaining. It was definitely a book I will have to re-read, especially since it was written for adults.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ---------------This book was a big disappointment. This is one of the best fantasy novels I've read, but it was not the book I was hoping for. I am a huge fan of Martin's work, and the series has always been my favorite. I've been following the books for years now, and I've finished the books that I have. It is always great when a book is as good as it looks, and this one is a big improvement over A Game of Thrones, which was already a great book. So far, the plot has been decent, and Martin has managed to capture the tone and flavor of the books without ruining the narrative. But I felt that the plot was pretty boring and unoriginal, and much of the book was just setting up for the next book. I liked that the book did not have a great deal of action or conflict, so that the action scenes were much more enjoyable. I enjoyed the characters, but I just did not care for the plot, which I felt was just the same as all the previous books. So in short, I did not enjoy this book, but will still probably read the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bad read. I've read a lot of fantasy, but this book didn't do anything for me. It was slow, boring, and just plain bad. I really wanted to like it, but it just didn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was very boring, with very few ideas. I couldn't find anything new or interesting. I don't even understand what the book is trying to say. I was more excited to read another book about the same subject by a different author. The only good thing is that it has a good cover.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was extremely disappointed when I got this book. I've heard so many positive things about the series that I was expecting the book to be at least passable. However, I found this to be an extremely poorly written book that could have been improved by a bit more editing. It has a couple of really great moments, and the writing of the characters is a little on the corny side, but the plot itself just gets a little confusing and there is no real focus on the story. I just didn't like it, and that is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.   A couple things I did like:   The beginning of the book really set the tone. I liked how they introduced us to the characters, the main cast, and showed us what was at stake in the story at hand. I also liked how it seemed that the world had come to a point of stability (which is a nice thing to know when you're about to read about a war), and that we were on the edge of war between the two major powers, the Eshan and the Eruhs. This was a nice touch that made me feel that we had a really good grasp of what was happening in the world, but I really feel like the author could have added a few more details to that. I was just waiting for some kind of conflict to arise that would give us some kind-of conflict that would make the book a bit better.   the book also has a really nice feel to it. It felt like the world is on the verge of a major crisis, but it doesn't have that "scary" feel. It feels like a crisis is brewing, but not necessarily because of some major war. It's just that some kind (of) war is about to occur, but nothing is set in stone. The book ends on a really intriguing note. We were told that the main character, Terezi, is going to go back into the Vault (I guess this means that the story is going somewhere), but the problem is, we didn't really get to know her well enough. I felt like she was a little flat, but that could just be me. I think she could have used a bit of more development, but as it is, she does a good job of showing us the "dark side" of the universe (which she is not really the "Dark Side" of, so I don't think that's really
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ This book is NOT worth it. I read it after having been a victim of a rape a few years back. I can't say that this book changed the way I view rape or rape culture in general. If anything, it made me more sympathetic to the rapist. The book is not even close to being a good read. The rape scene is the worst part of the book. It's one thing to be scared of rape because it's a scary thing to do. But, there's no reason to read a book that has you in that situation if you aren't going to learn anything about how to deal with the situation.   The author is a woman and this book is geared toward women. That's fine but the book is just too biased in favor of the rapist to be considered a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The only reason I read this book is to know if I can survive on my own. I can't. It's not going to happen. I'll end up dead."  I don't know what this means for her, but she's not the only one who's going to find out how her life ends.  What's not clear to me is if she's really going to end up dying or if she just thinks she is.  "I think that's what people who want to be famous are really saying. I don't want to live the way that I did before.  "   She's pretty sure she can handle the real world, but doesn't know if she can deal with a celebrity lifestyle, especially when she feels she has to be a celebrity to get what she wants.   It's very possible that she's never really wanted anything other than what she thinks she wants, and that's just how she thinks it should be.    It's hard to believe she's this determined.  She can't handle the pressure of being a celebrity, which isn't easy because it's hard for her to not think about the negative attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was really good. The characters were really well done, the world is really interesting, and the writing is pretty good. It's the ending that makes it just a bit unbalanced, however, so I wouldn't read this if you don't want a great ending. I do like the setting, but I'm not sure how well it'll work with the plot. It definitely made for a very fun book to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It was not a good book, but it is a great idea.  13 of 14 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to anyone. The author uses the Bible to justify and legitimize the slaughter of tens of millions of people. She also uses the story of Jesus to show that the Holocaust was a righteous act that is a good example to follow. It is obvious that the author's intentions are not to use the Holocaust to illustrate how wrong the Jewish people are. I found this book extremely offensive, disgusting, and sickening. The book was very biased and I could not even stomach it. I am not going to say anything more as it is not my place to comment on this book. This book needs to be removed from the library.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book on a whim and I thought it was going to be a fun read.  However, it didn't last.  What I don't like:  The writing style:    The writing style is not really my cup of tea.   I think it is a little hard to read because of the wordy and sometimes redundant sentences.  This is just one of the reasons I had to put it down after the first chapter.  If this book were written by a different author, I might have liked it more.  Overall, I give this book a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I found this book to be the most boring, predictable, dull, and tedious book I have ever read.   There was one good thing about the book: it was very good on the plot. The writing was a little slow at times, but it was well written and didn't suffer as a result. I liked the way they used a story from a comic book as a source for the book, but I think they could have just used the comic. I think this book was meant to be a fun book, not an epic, and I think it was just too boring. I don't think this is a bad idea as a concept, but the execution was just bad.   "We're all human"  I'm just going to say it, I liked that the book took a bit of a detour into the life of a comic artist. I have read several books that had comic-like elements, but this one seemed more realistic than others. That's probably because this book is a parody of superhero comics and it's pretty clear they didn't really know how to make a good comic.   I think if you want a fun read, I'd recommend this one. It's not a bad read, just a little dull and repetitive.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  It's not the length, it's the passion.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it's being made into a film. I enjoyed it for a while, but the film never got much better than it was before I stopped reading. It was interesting but not great.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book does not teach how to become a good writer, but instead it teaches how to be a good copywriter. The author writes like a copywriter who has never actually written a single word. It's like the first day of school for copywriters. The book is filled with useless information like this. If you're just getting started with copywriting, stop reading this book and buy something better. The last two chapters are about how to make sure you do a good job on the copy. If it were just about making sure you got the point across to the client, I would recommend it. I found it to be filled with a lot of misinformation. This book is the worst and most misleading book I have ever seen on how to get started in copywriting. The whole "what do you need to do to become great" concept that is covered in this book is very, very misleading. I could not find one instance of what the author actually did as a copywriting professional, which is not hard to do since they make it sound like the author went to college. If this was really the case, then why did this book have no pictures or photos of the author's desk, or a place to write? I don't have to go through all of that trouble when I just need a quick summary. I am really disappointed with this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This is one of the worst books I have ever read. It's a very bad book and it's just not worth your time or money. It was too long to be anything more than a list of things he's been reading in a book, and that's it. I mean, the book is not bad, but it's really not anything special. It just goes over the same ground he has been writing about for over a decade.   He was very angry about the lack of representation of women in the video game industry. It seems like he's still angry about Anita Sarkeesian. He claims that "I'm going to give her an award in the future for her work" but that it is "not her job to represent women" because "she's not a woman". He also claims that she is a "lazy" writer who only wants to talk about the games industry. There is no way he can say these things without being ridiculous. He is a professional writer. He's also a writer who's writing has been nominated for a Hugo. He does not write books to talk down to other people.  - There is a quote in the book from someone that says that he's not going to be the one that changes the video games industry because he's too busy trying to change himself.   for the record, I really like this guy's books and I really want to read his next book. I just can't support this book. It is just too long and it is nothing more than an opinion piece about a very specific thing that he has written about for a very long time.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A great read but not for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring. It was not funny. There was no plot. The characters were cardboard. It lacked any kind of suspense. The author is a complete jerk. The book has absolutely nothing to do with the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've always been a fan of the Doctor Who and I love the show.   But this book is awful.  The plot is so contrived.  It just doesn't work.  I'm sure the writer knew what he was doing, but the book is horrible.  There are some amazing ideas in this book, but they are thrown out in favor of this cliche.  If you want to read a good story, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is so bad. I can't get into it at all. This is a textbook in the "I wish I knew that when I was in college" category. There is a lot of good stuff in here (there is always good stuff when it comes to this genre), but this book is just so bad that I don't feel like I could recommend it. I feel like a book that was published when I took a philosophy class (that didn't actually have a professor in it). This book has very little philosophy in it, which is a bit disappointing, but it does have some interesting ideas about the human brain and the way that it processes information. I do not think I would have enjoyed this book so much if it had been a bit more philosophical, but the lack of philosophy makes it hard to like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't imagine anyone who likes the first two books would want to read this one. The main problem with this book is that it is not written well. This book is a huge collection of "filler" scenes, in which the characters are not developed or go anywhere. The author writes some of the most boring dialogue I've ever read, and the main character is so flat that he becomes a clichéd character. I'm sure this book has sold millions of copies because it's so popular, but I have a hard time recommending it. The characters are all over the place and do not have any depth to them. In fact, one of the characters (the villain) does not have much of a personality at all, and is a character that the author seems to really hate. It's a shame, because I really liked the first book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very badly written and I would not recommend it to anyone. The author writes about her experiences as a rape victim and how she felt about the police and other authorities. I was disturbed that she felt that way about the judicial system and how it handled her case.  Her description of the police handling the case, and her anger and frustration is very upsetting.  I would not be at all surprised if someone with the same name as the author was a murderer or rapist.  The fact that she was convicted in a jury trial is also quite disturbing.    I would recommend this book for a woman who wants to feel empowered by reading about the "bad" cops and the "good" court system, but who is also disturbed by the fact that the author felt that her case was handled by the "wrong" people.  This book is a real eye opener and a good read for anyone who is looking to find out about the bad cops and bad judicial system.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've had my copy of the book for about 6 months and I've just recently finished it. It's not bad, but the author is a very lazy writer. I think he tried to be an expert in the book, but he just couldn't get it. I'd like to see more than just the "why" in the chapters. Also, he wrote about a book that is a classic, but I think I read that book back in the day and I don't see any similarities to the book. I don'st know if I'll ever read it, but this is a cheap and lame attempt at an autobiography.   I have no problems with the book at all, it's just a mediocre book that tries to be a classic but just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was awful, and I would not recommend it to anyone.  The author made a big deal about her religion and how her god would protect her from everything, but then she started writing about how her brother died in a car accident.    It's not like her brother was the biggest or most popular person in her family (though he was, he was still a kid).   I guess this was supposed to be a positive story about how a christian god could save her.  But I don't think god would be able to do that.  The author was obviously trying to make a political statement about how people who have no morals should be saved, but the story is nothing but a horrible one.  I hate that the author is so interested in a book that's supposed to have a happy ending, and then the author writes a story that's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love the concept of the book but it's really poorly executed. I liked the idea, but this book was a bit too formulaic.   One of the main characters has a friend with a severe disability, and they spend a lot of time hanging out, watching movies and getting into fights. At first I thought this was a good idea, because they are both in similar situations, but after the first two or three chapters it became apparent that they were just a couple of friends who did what they always did.   a lot. I mean, I don't want to have a relationship with anyone who is in a wheelchair, but what the hell was the point? I'm pretty sure the point was to make the main character seem interesting and relatable, but even then, it's pretty pointless. There are many characters, and none of them really do anything, and the whole book is just a bunch of conversations, which aren't very interesting at all.   (hide spoiler)  [ I'm also a huge fan of the original Star Trek and I'm really disappointed that this book is based on that series, because it's so good. I'm sorry, but the only thing I want to see is Star Trek: Enterprise in the future, with the cast of Star Trek Generations in it, because that's what I want from this book. It's very clear that it was based on the Star Trek films, which are so great. I also don't understand why they didn't just use those characters as the basis of the story, as they did with the original, which is a good thing, but still. (hide spoilers)  the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the author did give the characters a few moments to shine, and I liked them, but otherwise, this is a boring book. I thought the main problem with this book, besides the fact that it's based on a popular tv show, was that the author didn't follow the basic rules of storytelling. I know that some books aren't meant to be completely serious, but I still feel that the characters should be able to talk about things without resorting to clichéd dialogue and bad acting. I can't think of a single moment in this book where they did. (view spoiler)
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________  I read this book as a part of a class and found it very interesting and entertaining. However, the author did not go into the details about the science, and instead just told you the story and gave you a couple of "gotcha" questions to consider. For example, how does the world run on electricity? I was looking forward to seeing how this is done and how the author would answer these questions.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "If I had only known of this book I never would have bought it!"
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  My son has been a huge fan of the Harry Potter books for years, and when I discovered that he'd be attending Hogwarts, I was thrilled. I loved the concept of the books, and how they were based on a real life story. However, as soon as I started reading the first book, I realized that the books were not for me. It started with a very poorly written first chapter. I don't like it when the author doesn't put the characters in the proper emotional states, so when Hermione is forced to deal with the death of her sister, her emotions start to melt, and the plot becomes very boring and predictable. There were times when I was so bored, I had to put the book down, and I didn't care how much I had spent on the book, because I just didn't want to keep reading. The plot and characters got worse as I went along.   There was a wonderful moment in the middle of the book when Ron was in the hospital wing, and he had a conversation with Harry about his new ability to speak Parseltongue. I know that's not what Harry wanted, but it was nice to see Ron finally acknowledge what Harry had been feeling for the past year. Unfortunately, I never got to see that moment, because my son couldn't stop reading and eventually he was forced to put it down because he was just too tired.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I will never again buy a book that claims to be "historical," especially a book about "the Negro." It was a bad, boring book that never got around to telling the real story about how the African American was treated in the South."  --  Paul Giamatti
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I don't believe in the Christian God, so how could he send the devil to punish me?"
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I have been a writer for 30 years, and I have never seen a book quite like this one." --The Los Angeles Times
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a guy who is a fan of the series, but his writing is horrible.  It is so bad it's painful to read.    He writes things like 'the two girls in the class were so excited to see each other that they had a crush on each other, and the guy who was in their class was just jealous that they were getting so close'.   It's so embarrassing.  I have never felt so stupid.  He's not a great writer, but if you read the first book in the series this is a good book to read, but this book is so terrible that I would only recommend it to a very good friend of mine.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________   I'm not even sure where to begin with this book. It's got all the elements I'm looking for in a book: the plot, the characters, the story, the language, and the action. However, it just isn't anything. It was written by a friend of a friend, and it's just a waste of time.   The story starts out fairly simple. A friend of mine is at a party and someone gets him a drink. He ends up going home with them, and then they decide to have sex with him. He has no choice but to agree. Then he wakes up in the middle of the night and his body is on fire. There's some other weird stuff going on, too.  .  : I found this to be the least compelling part of the book. In fact, I thought the sex scenes were really poorly written. In addition, there were too many characters, which made me forget who they were. Also, some of the characters had really weird names, which I'm not sure why they were in the book in the first place.   is the narrator. She did a very good job with the dialogue, but I found her to be kind of annoying. She had a way of making me want to leave a review saying how much I disliked the book, but then just leave it at that. I can't blame her though, I'm a person who likes to write reviews. I mean, if I wanted to write a review about this book, I'd just leave a comment saying that I liked it but my friends hated it. I'd then leave it for them to read and tell them all about how annoying I was.   I'm just saying, I couldn't give this book a 5 star rating. I'm pretty sure it should've been given a 1 or 2. It just wasn't good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a train wreck. I was hoping that I would like it because it is written in the same vein as Harry Potter. It is based on a book by J.K. Rowling. It follows the same plotline as the Harry Potter books. The main character, Mr. Cawthon, was introduced to me as a bit of a geek. He was very well-read and enjoyed many things. However, after reading this book, I can only think of one thing I liked about this book: the author's constant use of "mild" in his sentences. It makes him sound so much cooler than the characters he is writing about. He also uses "malfunction" as a verb to mean "go to hell." The writing is terrible. I really didn't like the main character. I would never want to be around him. He's just so boring. I didn't understand a single thing he said. He has a very strange personality. The characters are boring. The only interesting one is Mrs. Cawkon. She is the only one that gets any sort of development. There were no other characters I cared about. There was a lot of bad writing in this book. It felt like the author spent a lot more time on the plot than on the characters. I had no idea what was going to happen in the book. I couldn't guess how this story was going either. It was so random. This book is over 90% lies.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a poor introduction to the history of the Middle East. It's not a bad read, but the author's focus on "a small but important battle" in the history, a battle that "bears a remarkable similarity to the modern-day conflicts in the Middle-East", makes the book feel less like history and more like propaganda for the "Palestine-centric" narrative. I was also disappointed by the absence of any mention of the Palestinians in the book's preface.  3.5 stars out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  In a city of seven million people, I'd say that I'm lucky to have so many good books that I could read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was terrible! I didn't like it at all, and I've read the first five books in the series so that's a bit of a downer. This is one of those books that you can read and enjoy, but there's no real sense of progression.  I'm guessing this book is meant to be a one shot.  This book is very loosely based on the  Star Trek  universe.    The main character is a Vulcan, and she's about a decade older than the average Vulcan, but they have similar social and emotional needs, and they have a lot of similarities.  It's a very easy read, but I think that's where it falls down.  I think I liked Spock a lot better, but in this book she's a little too good at everything, and the rest of the crew is a bit more likeable.  This is a very entertaining read, and it's got a decent plot, but it's pretty weak as a whole. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ was bad. The plot is predictable and the writing is very stiff. If you like your action/adventure novels with lots of twists and turns, this is the book for you. The story is told in third person and is told from a young girl's point of view, so the plot is a bit less developed than in other books. However, the main character is likable and the ending is interesting. I would have preferred more twists and twists and less predictable plot development. But the story was enjoyable enough.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I am a child of the 70s who grew up in the 90s, I read this book to see how she'd respond to the 80s.   I loved the first book, but this one just sucked.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say this book is more a book of personal essays about the process of being a writer than a story in itself. However, if you've got a bit of a literary bent (I mean, you're still reading the book right?) then this might be worth checking out. I really liked the style, the way the author used quotes from the classics (not only the first three books but also the second two), and the way he interwove them into a narrative about what it's like to be a writer. This was a pretty interesting read. If you want to know what it takes to write a book, I'd say go for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've only read about 3 of the books in the collection.  The other 2 were all self-published.  I liked the first 2 a lot, but after that the books all became meh, or worse.  My problem was that the book was written by a person who knows nothing about writing.  He uses lots of quotes and other words that are supposed to mean something, but they just don't mean anything at all.  It's like he thinks the author was speaking to him.  The characters were just like a collection of random people with no real depth.  When I found out the book wasn't actually about them, I thought that was pretty poor writing, but not that bad.  But when I found a character I liked in the book, that's when the book became really, really bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I had been looking forward to reading this book for years. I finally got around to getting it and I have to say it was worth the wait. The writing is very easy to read and the characters are likable and well developed. I just didn't like the ending. I understand why it happened, but I just felt it was a little contrived. It just didn´t seem realistic to me. I will probably still buy this book though, because it is so well written and I just wanted to see more of this book.  I really enjoyed this book and recommend it to anyone who likes good science fiction.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book to learn about the different types of animals in the wild. Unfortunately, it was just another book on the "I-will-never-buy-this-again" list. This book has so many different animal species and you really need to do a lot of research to be able to identify the species you're looking at. In this book, I learned that the "possum" is a possum. There are about ten species of possum, so this book is confusing. The "stork" is another possum species. There is a stork that can't get out of a tree. There's another species of stork. There was also a "tiger", which I am guessing is a leopard. The other animals were confusing, so I would have liked to have seen a better reference guide or a description of the animals. 5 out of 5 stars   I like that there are pictures of all the animals that you learn about, it's a good book and is very easy to read.   This is a good and simple book to read to help you learn more about different species of animals. I would recommend this book. 2 out of 2 stars  I read this book for my Animal ID class and it was a total waste of money. I have not used this book since I bought it in 2010 and I don't want to buy it again. I bought this one just so I could look up the species names and it didn't do it. The first two animals I looked up are all dead so I gave up and moved on. The third animal I looked for is the "wedge-tailed" snake and it's so far out of the way that I didn't even know it existed. I gave it one star because it was interesting but the animals I learned about in it were all dead and useless. I feel like the author needs to come out with a new book if this is the only thing you're going to learn. 3 out of 3 stars  This book is very interesting. The information is in a way understandable and the animals are in the right order.  The main problem I had with this book was that the pictures were so small and blurry, it made it hard to identify most of the creatures. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book did not give me what I was looking for. I really wanted to know more about the life of the man who was born in the U.S.S Maine and died in Cuba. The author is very detailed about his life, and does a great job explaining his relationship with his wife. However, he fails to give us any insight on why his wife chose to stay in the Cuban prison colony. His wife's story is fascinating, and I want to read more about it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I have read this book. The first time I heard about this book I bought it. It sounded like an interesting idea. The book was published in the 80's but the idea of a child with special needs having a pet that talks like a cat, is brilliant. It's also not the best book ever but it's fun. I would recommend this to anybody who likes a good read and likes animals.
Write a negative review about a bad book:      I didn't care for this book.   I wasn't a fan of the writing style, which was a lot more passive-aggressive than I would've liked, and the ending left a lot of questions.  I also didn't like the characters, who are very unlikable, and very much likeable only by the fact that they're annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book when it first came out and I really liked it. I enjoyed the story and the writing and I liked the characters. But I was very disappointed by the ending. I understand the plot and the characters and I wanted to like the book, but I just didn't like the ending as a whole. It was so rushed and so confusing. I think that there was a point where it was a good story and it just didn`t seem to fit in the book as a story. I would have liked to have been told about this earlier in the story. Overall, I still enjoyed the book but I think it is a poor sequel. I'm going to pass it up as a good read, but not a great one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited to get this book that I waited til the last minute to pick it up. I didn't realize how much I wanted to like it until I got it home. The book was very well done, and it was very engaging. The characters were well drawn and well developed. However, the story wasn't as good as I expected. The plot seemed a little rushed at times. The first half of the book was pretty boring, and the second half just felt like a lot of filler.  Rating: 4/5
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a great read for a kid who enjoys reading. It is a good introduction to the story line and has some great ideas for the kid who likes a little bit of science mixed with the adventure.   The book is not a perfect book. There are parts of it that are too obvious and the ending of the book is too cheap.  .   of... this book was a great start for my 5 year old who likes to read and wants to learn more about the story lines. I highly recommend this book. I was very happy to find this book and I look forward to other books in the series. I am looking forward to reading "The Monster Under the Bed" as well.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ A bad book is a book that is so poorly written that it's impossible to make sense of what's happening. _____________________________ This book is about a group of high school girls in the early 1980's who have been sexually abused by the leader of their church for decades. ____________________________________________________________________________________ I found the prose to be very bland and dry.    The story itself was rather dull.  The writing style itself is pretty generic.  I'd have preferred something with more personality in it. ____________________________________________________ _______________________________ I'm not a big fan of the way this book is told.  Although there is an abundance of detail and character development, the way it's told is a little off.  While the story itself is very interesting, it is a bit too much like reading a script, instead of being an actual story.  It has some good scenes, but it just feels too one-dimensional.  This is my first attempt at a book review, so I'm just going off of my memory, but I thought I'd give it a try.  If you're interested, feel free to ask me any questions, and I'll see if I can provide a better review. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit on the dry side (like a lot of books are in my opinion). It has a bit of mystery to it and a very dry storyline but it's very fun to read. If you are a fan of Stephen King's The Stand, The Shining or The Standish, then you'll like this book. If not, then I'm afraid you'll be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not a good read. It is a good book for those who like a good science fiction book, but if you are looking for a good adventure, there are a lot of them out there. The story is ok but it is very cliche and predictable. It doesn't go anywhere, it does not develop the characters or the story. The author could have written a better story, but as a fantasy book it isn't very good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had high hopes for this book, and I can't say I was disappointed, but I think I'd read a better book. The book was not what I had hoped for, but it did give me a few things to think about, so I'm giving it 3 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was okay. It didn't make me fall in love with the author's writing style. But I'm sure it would've been more fun if she wrote a more exciting book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book should have been written by a better person, I thought it was really terrible, and there was no reason to bother. I read the first couple of chapters and it just made me want to vomit. Then I got to chapter 6 or so and I started to realize that I didn't really hate it but it was just awful. The ending was horrible too. I felt like I was reading a story from hell. If you are looking for something to read this is not it, if you want to read something that will get you through the day and be done in a couple of hours. Not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was good, but it had a lot of problems. I would recommend this book, but I would be careful with it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  It's been a long time since I read a book and felt that I was reading a story, not a bunch of random, unimportant, uninteresting facts. The fact that this book is actually good is a big surprise to me. I would rate it 5 stars but I was expecting a complete waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of crap.  It is poorly written, poorly researched, poorly edited, poorly presented, poorly paced, poorly designed, poorly illustrated, poorly timed, poorly indexed, poorly thought out, poorly packaged, and poorly edited.  The author doesn't understand how to create a good story, and the author makes no attempt to present the story well.   The main character is a very poor characterization.  It seems like he is a character that is being pulled out of thin air, which is unfortunate.  If the author had a real story to tell, he would have shown us the hero's journey.  He has no real purpose other than to provide some sort of explanation of the origin of the "skeptic" movement.  The author tries to paint him as a religious fanatic, which makes absolutely no sense.  While it's true that he is opposed to all things that he deems as evil, he doesn't seem to have a strong belief system.  I don't think the author knows what a cult is.  There's no reason for the "evil" that the author believes in to exist.  This book is an absolute train wreck.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________" I liked this book a lot. I like the concept, but some of the details, like the author's opinion on the use of a good lightbulb for a kitchen, made me want to put on a good book cover and not read the thing. " - Anonymous Reviewer, June 2016 I thought this was a good read. I'm new to cooking and found this to be very useful information. It's not very technical but it's good information and has been useful in the past. I would say the book could be better though. It doesn't go into detail as to why things happen the way they do, but at least there's a lot of information in here. It just goes into more detail than it needs to. I also found that some of it was difficult to follow. The author's reasoning on why things work is sometimes hard to follow if you've never done a dish before, which was a bit frustrating. Overall a good review. I have not made it through it in its entirety, but I will try to find the time to do so next time I have a week.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A very sad story that I hope gets more attention.   I just finished the book, and my reaction is a mix of disappointment, sadness, and anger.   to be fair, I expected to be disappointed. I was expecting to read something about an orphan girl growing up in a bad situation in the country. I thought I would be reading about a young girl's dreams to become a nurse, or a young man's dreams of becoming a doctor. I expected the story to have some sort of conflict or conflict resolution.   "The Girl Who Loved the Dead" did not meet my expectations. The protagonist, the child protagonist, did not really give the reader much information about her life. I got very little information about what she was like as a child. I had no idea how old she was or what she had been doing before the orphanage. I didn't even know if the orphanages were run by people or were run directly by the church. I felt that the story was mostly about the character of "the orphan" and nothing more. The author did not delve too deeply into the history of the orphan homes and their history. I would have liked to know more about them, but this story was too short to be interesting.   The main character, the orphan, has two other little sisters, but she does not talk about her two older sisters at all. This is a bit odd, since the other sister, the one that "loved the dead" is the one who is mentioned in the book. There was no mention of the other little sister, but I do not think the author was trying to avoid a connection between the two siblings. The two sisters are not as involved in the plot, and I feel that this is a minor flaw in the story. The story does focus on the orphan's life and struggles, but it's not really a "story."   There were also some inconsistencies in the narrative, such as the fact that "the girl" had to learn to read at age 4. The orphan is 5, and yet there is no mention in the text that the girl has to learn how to read. This inconsistency also leads to questions as to why the orphan would have to learn this so young.   on the other hand, the author does have some good things to say about the orphan. The way the author writes the story, and the story itself is very well done.   the book also has a few themes that I
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book could be a good read for a kid who is in need of a good book. Unfortunately the story was too complex to be enjoyable. The main character is a big dummy. I can only imagine how hard it is to be a 12 year old boy. His father is an abusive alcoholic and his mother is an insane schizophrenic. As the book progresses, it becomes clear that the boy is completely unable to live without his father. This is an interesting idea, but the plot was completely wasted. The book starts off with a series of events, all involving the father, that all seem to lead up to the boy's death. The problem is that I didn't feel any of the events really had a good outcome. One of the characters (a girl) dies, but I don't know why the book made the death seem so good. This whole story seemed more like a cheap way to get some plot points out before the death of the main character. The boy is portrayed as a big dolt, a little boy, a loser, a moron, a crazy man, and an idiot. The only person who actually thinks he is smart is the girl. He doesn't think he is stupid and is never given any information about what really happened. In the end, I really didn't like this book. I don,t know if it is because I have a son who is 13 and this book was written for an adult audience, but it just seems like the story could have been much better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first third of this book is just a rehash of the previous book, with some interesting additions (like the introduction to the "other side" of the war, which I'll get to later).  In this, it is very hard to find anything new to say about it.  I've been reading about the Korean War since I was a child, and even then, it was not a good book.  One of the most memorable lines in the book: This war, though not the "greatest", is one of the bloodiest in history, and the death toll among North and South Koreans is staggering.  This is true, but the problem with "bloodiest in History" is that it makes no distinction between the fighting, which was terrible, and all the death and destruction that resulted from it, which is the case.  The war is the cause of most of the deaths, but I think most of those deaths are caused by both sides doing what they were taught to do: kill each other, because they both hate each other.  So, the "blood" part is a bit of a joke.    So many people died in this war that if you added them up, they would be the equivalent of two and a half million people killed by the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  There is a whole chapter in the introduction on what the war meant to the people of North and the South, and it is a sad and pathetic account of the Korean people.  What was most sad about this book was that it was written by a Korean American.  They were a minority in this country and their views were ignored, and most of us have a hard time imagining what the hell the average Korean was thinking.  It is a shame that such a good and important book was so ignored.  I'm glad that this book exists because I think the American people should know what really happened in Korea.  Hopefully, this book will open people's eyes to the horrors that were inflicted on the Korean People by their own government. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I've been reading this book since it came out, and I can only say that I hate it. The book has a bad first chapter, which is the first problem with the book. There are a lot of inaccuracies and false statements in this book, and some of the information is just not true. The author makes claims about the origin of the word "fag" and claims that the word is a slur and should be dropped. It is clear that the author doesn't know anything about the history of the F word. He claims that there are no black people in the South, but there are several black people who were born in the Southern states. In addition, he claims that African-Americans were not slaves but rather "free people". He also claims that slaves could not vote, and that African Americans were only granted the right to vote in 1865, so why is he writing about them? The author also claims blacks in the Souther states were better off than the slaves in the North, and it is clear from his argument that he has no idea what he is talking about. One chapter claims that slavery was a blessing, and the author claims that blacks in that era did better than whites. He also mentions that there were many people who wanted to kill black people, but that this was because the slave owners were cruel to their slaves. It seems that the only thing the author can think of is that the slave masters were bad people, which really makes me wonder how the author got into this field. I guess he thought that by writing this book he could gain some attention from the author community. Overall, this book is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst I have ever read in a long time. The story is not bad at all, but I do not understand why this author wrote such a weak book. The plot is interesting and I do want to know more about this little boy. But the book is just not good at all. If you read this book, do not waste your money, I did not enjoy it at all!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed to find that the author was able to write this book and it was very bad.  It is the kind of book that is a great deal of fun, but a poor investment of my time.  I will probably read a different book from him in the future but I do not recommend it.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________.  The Good: _____________________________, A very solid novel. The author does a great job of writing a compelling narrative.   The Bad: _______________________, The narrative suffers from many of the problems that plague other science fiction and fantasy novels. This is not a good book. It is more like a book about a good story than a good novel. It reads like a first draft of a novel, not a finished product. It may be the best book that I've ever read, but it is not the best that I have read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't like this book at all. I read it because it's by a famous author and I wanted to know what he thinks about the latest fad in romance. I'm sure it will be a hit for the ladies who will love this book. I was a bit disappointed. I think this is one of those books that's just a rehash of the past. I feel that many people who have written romance novels are out of touch with modern romance. The romance is still about the love story, but it's about love stories about modern people who are bored by the romance. This book, for me, is about a young guy who has to choose between two women. I get that he's going to love one or the other. I understand that he is choosing between two girls who will do what they want, not what he wants. But why does he have to be so picky about it? Why can't he be happy with one or two girls? Why must he choose between girls who are both good for him and who are in love with him? And when the girls are in a relationship with each other, why do they feel the need to keep it a secret from their boyfriend? Why is their relationship secret when their boyfriend is so involved in the romance? There's no need for a secret relationship in a modern world. I don't see how a young man can be expected to keep secrets about a relationship that is not a secret. And when they're in a secret, they need to tell their boyfriend! Why does he keep it from him? Why does it have to go this far? I'm a big fan of the book and I'll read it again, but I think I'll skip this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character is a racist, sexist jerk. I'm not trying to make the main character a good person; it's just that the book's entire premise is about a white guy who can't figure out the meaning of life because his life is so fucked up. I can't even make sense of how he can find his wife in this universe. The book is written like it was written by an American white guy trying to write an American comic book. It has some nice moments, but it is still an embarrassment to American literature. The only reason I finished it is because I thought the end was a bit shocking, but I don't think I'd recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  I found myself constantly switching off reading the first chapter because the characters seemed so lifeless.   That's the last thing I want from a fantasy book.  I do hope that they will find a way to give us more characters, because they are just a few pages long and I found myself wishing I was reading about a few other characters.  This is the first book in a series I am looking forward to, but this book is not my cup of tea. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really wanted to like this book, but I really didn't. I like a lot of the aspects of this book (good characters, a good plot, and a good twist) but I was put off by a lot about the book: it is not suspenseful, there are too many characters, the writing style is inconsistent (sometimes it is very smooth, other times it is clumsy, sometimes it is so-so), and the characters are flat and two-dimensional. The ending was also unsatisfying, but that is the book for you: I have the feeling that the ending will be explained in the sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first half is great. It's not a fast-paced adventure, but the second half of the book is a complete mess. The book was rushed and didn't follow a lot of the other books in the series.   It had some really good ideas, but it was rushed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book was not what I expected. I really like the author and I have been searching for a good book on the history of the New Testament. This is just too much material and too many points to refute and I did not get it. I am a professor of Bible and New Testament and the subject matter in this book is not interesting to me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ This book is terrible.  There is nothing new in the world of human genetics.  There is no value to be found in this book.  The author makes some good points.   He explains the basics of his approach to genealogy.  However, he does not discuss any of the methods used to solve these problems.  He just assumes they exist and uses them as the basis for a story.  This is a terrible book. A positive review about the author:    I love this book!   This book has a lot to offer.  I found that there are some good things about the book, but I still have some issues.  For example, he starts off with a short review of his book and gives his basic approach to solving the genetic problem.  Then he explains his method, which is not explained in the book.     Then after explaining his method he gives a short overview of the problems that have been solved, but there is no explanation of the steps taken to solve them.  Even though he makes a good case for why he thinks his method is the best one, there is nothing to back up that case.  Another issue I have is that his method of doing the genealogy is not exactly documented.  His method involves a lot of hand holding and I think that this might be a problem if you have not done the hand holding before.  At times he makes his point by showing you his methods, but he never gives you a step by step procedure to follow.  And finally, his book does not explain how his method works.  Maybe it's just my opinion, but to me it's obvious that he did not spend the time to explain how it worked.  Overall, this book is just a waste of time.  If you are looking for a quick solution to your genetic problems, this is a good book to have, but don't expect to get it right the first time. I received this book as part of a gift from my cousin.  It's a quick read and the information is interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not good, and the author made me hate the characters. If you are a fan of "Game of Thrones", you should avoid this book. If not, I don't know why the author would have written this book in the first place. The author wrote in a very dramatic style and had me wanting to keep reading, but I found myself not wanting to finish it. I think the writing style could have been improved, as it wasn't easy to understand. The story line of the author and his characters was very confusing, as I couldn't really understand what was going on, and I could not figure out who was good and who was bad. I would highly recommend that if you are into fantasy, you do not read this book unless you are really interested in the world and the characters, and not just in the story line.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot and characters were extremely cliche and not very original. The characters are also not original. I've heard people say the characters are similar to "Sugar" and "Twilight." The characters, however, are much more likable than the characters in the Twilight books. The plot is extremely simple. You will not enjoy reading this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was skeptical about this book, and I'm not a fan of the author's work.  The book is an exploration of the concept of a "true" hero and how this idea of a true hero has changed.  I've heard that the author of the book is also the author and creator of the web comic of the same name.  As a fan and someone who has read many hero/heroine stories in my lifetime, I found this to be a disappointing book.  There are many flaws with the book, such as the fact that it is only an anthology of short stories and there were very few real heroes in this book. The hero in this story is a teenager named Kayleigh.  Kayleigh is a good student, but she is also a rebellious and selfish teenager.  Her father left her mother when she was little, so Kayleigh has been living in her mother's basement with her mother and her father.  But Kayleigh also has a friend named Katelyn, who has a very rebellious and rebellious attitude herself.  At the beginning of the story, Kayleigh goes to Katelyns house to talk to her about the problems between them.  In the process of talking, Kayleyleigh gets into a fight with her father, and ends up hitting him in the eye.  This causes Katelynn to become angry at Kayleigh for hitting her father and wants her out of the house.  Katelyny is really angry with Kayleigh and she is going to get revenge on her for what she did to her father a couple of days ago.   So far, this is a very typical story, but Kayleigh, and her friends Katelync and Katelynd have other problems to deal with.   There is the fact, that Kayleigh's mother is abusive, and Karilyn's mother has no patience for her.  They are all going through a lot of trouble at the moment, and they have little money.  It's a very dark story with dark themes, but it is very well done. I was very excited to read this book because I've read other hero/girl hero stories that have very interesting and complex heroes.  And, while I have enjoyed these books, I thought that this book was not as good as other hero and girl hero stories.  Some of the things that I thought were problems with this book were: 1.   Kayleyn is a character that
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I really wanted to like this book. I read it at a good pace. It was easy to read, easy to get into and the plot kept me interested. Unfortunately, it is really just a good-for-the-time book with little depth. I really think the book could have been a little more original and a little better developed. It would have been nice if it had a bit more character development and more development of the main characters and how they interact. The book was pretty enjoyable but I will probably skip this book in favor of something more original.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is bad and not worth the price for the money. The writing is terrible and the characters are completely out of their league. The only positive I can find in the book is that there are no children in this book. That is a good thing.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ _____________ __________  A few good things: _____________________ ______________________ _______________________  The bad: ______________________________ _______________________________ _____________________________  What else should I have said: ___________________________________________  "The most important thing is to read this book. If you don't, you're going to have a very hard time. This book is a book that you need to read. You'll get a real sense of how to write a book. And it's important that you read this because it has the tools to do that."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a story about a young man who is struggling to find his way in the world. He finds his way to a group of people in a town he doesn't know. It is a group that helps him out in a small way, but then when he's feeling better, the group decides to do him in. There is a good book here that will keep you reading and wondering about the events of the book.  The plot is fairly predictable and predictable doesn't mean a good story is boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The most frustrating part about reading this book was reading it and having it come out so flat. The main characters are so annoying that they make the book unbearable to read. The only good thing is that it doesn't make me want to give up on fiction. The author is so bad that I can't help but feel sorry for him. I know that's probably a big thing to say about a book with such a high rating, but it just is not worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is good, but the author doesn't make it easy to read, especially the first few chapters.  Most of the characters are just so unlikable and stupid that I have to question how the author made it through.  I don't recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  When I was young, I tried to be a scientist.  I tried to find some of the answers I had seen in books and on the internet, but failed. I tried the same with physics and chemistry. ...  What we have learned through our experiment is that the laws of nature are only the laws that we invent to explain the results we expect to observe.. ____________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a story of how a boy discovers that his father is a demon from Hell. I have to admit that the ending is somewhat predictable. If I could have predicted that, I would have given this book 5 stars. Instead I gave it 3. It is a very long book, but the story is good enough to keep you interested for the entire book. I am sure I will read the next one in this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I have to say, I'm really impressed by this book. The book is interesting and the author's research is excellent. I would love to get the rest of the book, and hopefully the author will update it, or just publish a new edition of the original text. However, if I was in the market for a book on this subject, I would pick up this book without a second thought.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________________________   This book is a collection of short stories, with a few paragraphs each, in a very easy to read format. There are no big names in this book, and not much in the way of action, but what there is does the job well enough. The stories are a bit dry, but that's to be expected with this kind of material. The writing style is nice and concise, but not quite perfect. It's still better than some of the books that I've read that have this same style of writing.   Overall, I'm very happy that I read this book. It was fun, interesting, and a nice change of pace from my usual fantasy/science fiction reads.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. _________. ______________________________________The story of the main character, the daughter of a noble family, has a beginning, middle, and end. But the first three books are so boring that I had to read the last one, The Last King of Osten Ard, to get anything out of the series. The story of what happens after the death of Ostrander's main character and his father's quest to get his son back to life is a pretty dull one. The main character is the daughter and the main villain is the mother. This is not a good series to pick up, just skip it. The last book is a good beginning though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit of a let down for me. I wanted to love it, but I just didn't. The writing was good, but not great. I wish it had been longer, because I would have enjoyed it more. I would recommend this book, but only for fans of other dark fantasy.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- -------------------------- ------------------------- "The last few years of my life were spent in a state of perpetual depression. The only time I felt like I was getting out of a rut was when I read this book. It really helped me to understand why my life was so hellish."   I think this is a book for people who struggle with depression. I've read a lot of things on the subject, and I've seen a lot.   It's very sad and dark and depressing. It's hard to understand that you are the one who's to blame for this, and it's hard not to feel like you're a monster.   of course, the real reason for this is because you've been the one to do it, and you're the one that's being treated as the bad person.  .... But it's a good book, and well written, so I think it's worth a read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- --------------- 3 stars for the story and the story itself is a fun, fast paced read. I did enjoy it, but I was not a fan of the characters and I could not connect with the story. The plot is very simple and I did not find myself really caring about it. The ending, although not really satisfying, was at least better than the first part of the book. I think if I had not already read the first book, I would have finished this one sooner.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is really good but the ending is terrible.    the last chapter has no point.  The book is not a bad read, but the last two chapters were just bad.  This book is so short.  I think that they could have just done the end of the book, but that would have been better than this.    2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I would like to give this book a 1 star because I have read many books about a boy who has been abandoned by his parents and a few books about children who have been abused by their parents and I can say I have never read one that had so many flaws." I found the premise, story and the characters to be intriguing.  I really liked the way the author used the characters and their motivations in the story.   I liked the main character in this book and I was very impressed with his reactions.    I did not find the book to be easy to read and some of the characters seemed to be somewhat flat and uninteresting.  There were some parts of the book where the author made it a little hard to understand the characters.  I know it's difficult to keep a story focused on one character but I found the story to be more about the relationships of the people involved and not as much about the characters as it was about the relationship between them.  This made the story feel less interesting.  The characters seemed a little too similar and the plot too predictable.  Overall I thought the book was interesting and worth reading but I would probably read a different book that I found more interesting than this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* A really bad book. I read this book in one sitting in less than 10 minutes, because I was bored. I was surprised that the book was short and so I could finish it.   I found this book boring and boring. It didn't seem to matter if I was reading it in one day, or in 2 years, because the book didn't keep me entertained. This is what you want to read, not something you read because it's good for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a good read, but there are two main problems. 1) It's not funny.  There are jokes and characters, but they are so thin they feel like they are trying too hard.  There are also several chapters where it just takes forever to move along, especially when it comes to a character that is the main focus.   He's a good guy, but the writers need to do a better job of making him likeable.  2) The book isn't really about a good man.  This is not a story about a hero and how he overcame an evil.  It's more of a story of how a man deals with a bad relationship.  The relationships with his wife and the daughter are both problematic.  He has problems in them and he tries to deal with them in different ways.  His daughter has the same issues with his other daughter, but he just treats her like he does with his daughter.  My only complaint about this book is that it doesn't really explore the issues that the man deals to, other than the fact that he tries.  I also have a hard time buying a man who has a daughter like he has an emotional slave because he is the best father that a man could ask for.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- **I hated this book** This book is one of the worst I have ever read. The writing is terrible. The characters are boring. The plot is poorly explained. The ending was stupid and I had to re-read the last chapter multiple times. I will probably never read a book from this author again. **Read this book before going to bed, or you will wake up early** - January 21, 2013An awful book, and not worth the read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The book was a bit dry, but it was written in a way that I enjoyed. It made me feel bad for the villains, even though I did like them."
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've always enjoyed a good mystery book, but this one took me out of the story and into a whole new realm.   My favourite parts were the characters, their motives and their goals.  I was also very pleased that the author had given the characters the best ending possible.  Unfortunately, this book has gone through the author's hands so I can't comment on the quality of the book.  For those of you who are fans of the mystery genre this book is a must read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I know I am not the only one in this situation."   - The author's last words, before committing suicide in a self-inflicted bullet.   "No one knows the secret of the'secret' - but we are all in this mess together."   to get back on track
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book! I have been wanting to read this book for a while now, and I have to say that this is a good book! The story is engaging and fun. The characters are interesting and well-developed. The book is short, and the only thing I could see hurting this book is if it is a long book. It's short enough that you can finish it in a couple of days, and if you want to continue the series, you'll only be reading one book before starting on the next. The only downside I can see is that the book is very short.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is "The Unseen World of the Mind", but what you get is more like a very short and boring book. It's the author's own theory of the mental process. It has a lot of good material in it, but the conclusion is too general to be of much use to anyone. The book starts out with a bit of a dry intro, but as soon as you get going, the book starts getting repetitive and boring, which is probably the point. In fact, it's so boring that I almost gave up on reading it before I realized that it's supposed to be a work of fiction and not a book I'd recommend to anyone who has never read a good science fiction book. I wouldn't even recommend this to someone who likes a good idea, but is trying to figure out the science behind it. I'd say it's worth a shot, but not a big one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The main problem with this book is that it's just not that good. I've read a lot of books about the First World War and the horrors that unfolded, but this one is the weakest one by far." Read a bad review about the book: "I'm not sure what the big fuss is all about, but I have found this book a bit dull and not really that interesting." Read an article about a book:   "It's a good book, but it's not as good as the others."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A bad book.  A terrible book.  It doesn't even try to make up for the mistakes in the beginning by adding too much to the story later on.    The characters are annoying.  And they make stupid choices in order to be more powerful.  " (Review by B.A.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book to my 4 year old son who loves to read and has a bad habit of skipping pages when I read a book.  We started this book right after he finished the first one.   I really didn't think he would like it much, but he read through the first chapter about a mile from his house on his way to school, then the second chapter about the first time he saw the film version of The Lord of the Rings.  This book is not only very well written, but it's also well paced and very fun.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4 is that the characters did not develop at all.  I have to say that I liked the characters, but the book was just too short for me to really get to know them.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's just so wrong on so many levels, and it's hard to tell if it's even meant to be a fantasy novel or not. The plot is really lame and doesn't add anything to the story, the characters are flat, and the dialogue is awkward at best and downright annoying at worst. It's like the author has no clue what a good fantasy novel should be about, and he's trying his best. I would definitely read another book by him, but not this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't love this book at all. I think that I liked it because it was so different from everything I have ever read, but I couldn't put it down. This is a book that I hope I will read many times and I am so glad that I bought it. I would recommend this book to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book back in 2005, when it was originally released in a hardcover version (I think, I read the paperback version too, but can't find a reference to that).  I have been looking for a copy for a while, and finally tracked it down.  I found the back cover description to be a bit misleading: The book is a tale of a young man who is lost in a strange land that he can only call home by taking the form of a wolf, which is not really wolf at all. The young man has the ability to shape shift to his wolf form, but he is unaware of his true nature. The story is told in a very simple yet poetic language. It is narrated by a wolf named Sam. Sam is the sole survivor of a village in the middle of a war. He and his wolf are traveling across a vast wasteland to find a new home, but when they arrive in a small village, they discover a dark secret that will change them both forever. This book has a very dark tone, but it is very well written and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in a good read about a man who cannot be himself.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "What was the point of this book? What does it have to do with anything? It's just a bunch of stuff that happened."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, though I am not a fan of fantasy or historical fiction in general. I really like the world building in this book and the idea that this world is in a perpetual state of war with itself. However, the characters, as well as the story and plot, all fell flat for me. I felt like there was way too much dialogue and way too many characters, so that I would have trouble keeping track of who was speaking, or who was talking. This book also felt like it was missing a big piece of the puzzle - why is there this war?  What was the catalyst that caused all this chaos?  My rating:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only problem I had with the book is that there is no real story to it.   This book is more about the characters in this book than it is about the story.   the story is basically a couple in love that are on a road trip to see the family of the girl who killed her best friend.   a car accident and the best friend is dead, and the love interest is trying to figure out what to do. but the love interests are not really in love with each other and it becomes very confusing as to what is going on. the only good thing about this book is the characters that they have in this story. but then again the only time they had in this particular story were just a couple.  . I'm not sure how this book could be a good book without a story, but there are no characters or any kind of character development that I found in this novel. I just feel that this book would have been better if the characters were a little more developed. I would like to see what they would have done had they had been together in this specific story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In the middle of the book we are told that the hero is a warrior who "kills in battle, not in a video game". I have not been a fan of the heroes in fantasy books who are like that. They usually are too much like a warrior with a magic sword or sword and shield. But, this book was really good. I liked the book and it will be in my library for a long time.   I give it 4 stars because the character development is good, the story was interesting and the action scenes were very exciting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like this book. I'm not sure if it's because I like the idea of having a bunch of dead people around, but I really enjoyed it. It's funny, fast-paced, and very entertaining. It also has some pretty interesting, albeit gruesome, imagery. The story is good, but the art is fantastic. I would definitely recommend this book to any horror fans.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book after having read several reviews by authors who had just received a copy and enjoyed it so much that they decided to buy the second copy. Well, I'm not a big fan of horror books because I'm afraid of what I'll find in the books. But this one was a lot different. The beginning was really scary and I had to put it down after the first chapter because I couldn't stomach it. I'll say that I loved the book and think it's worth the read, but if you are looking for a scary book and you're afraid to open it, this one isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I had no expectations for this book but it was so over the top. The plot is as boring as the title and the characters are just awful. They have the worst personalities and you can't get past the fact that they are in love with each other.  The story is also full of inconsistencies and stupid plot holes.  The author claims that her husband is a good person and is "honest" but it seems he's hiding something and she is clueless.  The book is full of spelling errors and the writer is just terrible.  I wish I had never read this book." -Kirsty "I didn't love this book at all, but I do think that it is a better read than the movie." -Laura "This is just another one of those books where the plot is so ridiculously convoluted and over the edge that you just can't believe it will ever get anywhere. I was never a big fan of the book either and that was before I saw the movie. It really just leaves you wanting more and more and you are left with a bad taste in your mouth. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had never heard of this book until I found it on Amazon. I had not even heard of the book by itself before I read it. This book is about a little boy that is very special. He has a very special gift, but he has to hide it. He feels that it is a burden that he must carry and does not want to do so. He tries to hide his gifts. He doesn't like people knowing about them, but does not think it is wrong. It's not until his mom is going through some trouble and he wants to help that he finally comes out to his friends and says he has a gift that will help his mom and he can't hide it anymore. This story is very sweet and is a great read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a good book, but I don't like the idea that it's all about a single book.   It's about a lot of things. The story is good. The characters are interesting. And the worldbuilding is detailed and fascinating.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The most boring book I've ever read. There are no characters, no plot, and it is extremely boring. It takes place in a world where a huge space worm (the "Borg") has come to Earth to colonize it. But it is quickly realized that the Earth is not ready to be colonized by a giant worm. We meet the crew of the Borg Queen (an alien species) who are trying to colonise the planet but they run into a bunch of other races, including the Humans. The Humans are a different race than the Borg. The humans are not happy at all about this. It is also soon discovered that the Borg are very powerful and have made contact with a human civilization that is very primitive. The Borg Queen wants to be the new queen, but the Humans don't want to give up their technology (even if they are primitive). It turns out that the Humans have discovered an amazing new technology (and an amazing planet). This book is full of confusing ideas and the characters are all boring. I don't understand what is going on in this book and I really don't care.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ I don't know how anyone could enjoy this book. I loved the story. I'm not a big fantasy fan. I like a good sword fight, a good epic tale, and the epic fantasy in this book was a bit of a let down. I mean, I was expecting more from this book, but it fell short for me. My favorite characters are not in this story. The other characters I thought were pretty great, but I just felt like they weren't really that memorable. The romance wasn't great either. I don-t know if the author was trying to make me feel bad about my love for these characters or if it was just my taste, but there were moments where I was feeling really bad for these two. I think this book could have been a better book, and I could have enjoyed it more, but like the story said, it just wasn't that good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very long book that will last many re-readings, and the characters are well-developed and interesting. However, it's too long to be a good read. I'm disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ This book has a bunch of things wrong with it, so much so that I gave it two stars, because I can't give it a three star rating. It's a very poor book, but the first book in the series, this book, is the best book I've read in a long time. I have been wanting to read this book for a long long time and it is absolutely amazing. The first book is about a group of kids in a very dysfunctional family who are all trying to figure out their roles as parents and teachers. Their father, who is a doctor, is a total asshole, and their mother is very uptight and strict. All of the kids are in a state of chaos. The father is also a huge asshole who has a lot of fun playing pranks on his kids. They all have a difficult time relating to each other and it's really not long before one of them becomes a sex addict and another a drug addict. The family is very dysfunctional and this book is very much about how it all comes together, and the kids who are in it. The characters are so real and relatable that I can imagine the family as a real family. I love this book because it's a great story that you don't have to like to enjoy it. It takes the classic teen drama trope and puts a different spin on it. There is a very dark side to the book, and I think that's the best part about it. I loved how the characters were so realistic and realistic that it was easy to relate to them. I also really liked the descriptions of the characters because they really are like real people. This is also my first read by Jennifer Egan, so it was great to see her name on the cover. I think this is a book that you can read as a young adult book, or you can also read it as a teen novel. It is a great book for people who like stories about kids growing up and who are looking for a great young adult story. If you like a lot less angst and more good fun, then this book may be for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of things that I disliked: 1) The character development. The only other person in this book was a friend of the main character. I'm not a huge fan of books where the characters are completely one dimensional, especially when they have a lot of backstory that I'm just not interested in. This book was pretty much like that except the only thing I cared about were her feelings towards the main guy. I liked the fact that she wanted to find her brother's killer and get revenge on them, but that wasn't enough for me.  2) The romance between the two main characters. I felt like it was a little too rushed. The romance seemed to happen a little more than necessary and I didn't feel it was very satisfying to read. The love scene didn't seem to be very good either, it was rushed and didn't really add anything to the story. 3) The ending. I don't really know why I didn a negative rating for this book. It was pretty good. I definitely enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone who liked this type of story. The main character has a lot going for her and I'm looking forward to reading her next book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is just a bad, boring, and boring book. There's a lot of plot but not a lot going on in this book.  There's a nice bit about a secret society in the beginning but nothing happens with them.  The writing is ok, the characters are bland and boring.   This book is the reason I gave up reading anything about vampires. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________I got this book because I was looking for a good book to read in the summer when I'm not reading. This book has no value. I don't know how they make this stuff. The premise is great: you take your own picture of a character. This is a bad idea. It was very hard to draw a good portrait of anyone in a book that was about portraits. It is like watching a movie about how to paint a portrait. The book is so bad that I almost laughed at the end. The whole book is a train wreck. I feel like I wasted my money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I didn't want to read this book, but I couldn't resist it because of all the negative reviews. I was not impressed. The characters are all flat, and the setting was not interesting at all. I don't think this book is a waste of time. I didn the book because it was free, and I thought it was worth a try. I can't say that I will read any of the other books by Ransom that he has written. The book is not very good, but the book isn't bad either.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ is a good book. _____________ is a great book. In the end, I think it's all about balance. I like the balance of the two books, but ____________ just seems a bit more complete. _______ doesn't get all the great things about _________, but the bad parts are pretty minor. The book is more about ____ than _______, but I like that. ____________________ is a terrible book. I am a sucker for anything that has to do with ____, but this is just ______________ ________. It's the kind of book that gets me to buy ___________, but is less likely to buy the next _________. ________ is a fun, fast read, but this one's just _____ ________ ________.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book as an introduction to writing science fiction. The author did a fantastic job of getting his point across. I have seen some good stories in books I've read about science fiction but this is the first time I've ever read a book about science fantasy. There are many good stories about science, and this book has the best of them. However, this book is not for the faint of heart. It is full of lots of science fiction, and the science is very solid and realistic. It has the feel of a book from the late 60's or early 70's. This book is a good intro for someone looking to get into the genre, and a good way to get acquainted with the genre.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   I have read all the reviews before I bought this book and it was a very good idea, but it's too bad that it was not well thought out. First the book is all about the story and characters, but the book isn't so much about the characters as the plot. The plot was a little slow to start and even though it got better it still had a bit of a downer. The characters are not the most well developed but they have a lot of personality and it makes the story enjoyable.   The book is written in a way that is easy to read and understand. The main character has to be a very strong character to be able to survive all the situations he gets into and his relationship with his family and friends is very strong. I liked the story of this book.   the book could have been longer and more detailed, but at least it gave a little bit of the ending.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are reading this review, you have probably already read the book (or at least seen it on the cover) but if you have not, this is your chance to get some extra info before you buy.  I am a big fan of The Secret Garden but the author, a lady named Janet McKeown, made me read this book with a twist.    If you read this review you will see that I enjoyed this book.    I think it is well written.  It is not a story that will make you tear up.  I am glad I picked up this book because it was fun to read.  But I have to admit that it is a little hard to read the ending.  Janet Mckeown has a point of view on the book. I think she does a great job of writing this book as well.  There are some things that she says about the story that I am not happy about but I think her point of views are good.  The thing that I think is really interesting is the way she talks about how the characters grow.  You get to see how they get to the place they are in.  This is a story about growing up. It is a happy ending for some of the characters but the ending is not as happy as I would like it to be.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book at all. It was a very dry read. I have read a lot of non-fiction books but have never read one that has this much info in it. I would not recommend this book to a novice writer because the information is out of date. There are more recent articles on the subject that I would have preferred.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very enjoyable book, and the plot is fairly good, but there are some minor problems with it. The first issue is the story's length. I really liked the ending, but it took me a while to finish the book because it was so lengthy. I'm guessing it's because there were a lot of characters, which takes a while for the reader to remember them all. The second issue is that it's a bit too light-hearted. There are times when things happen to make you laugh, but the book isn't very serious about the problems it has to deal with. There is a part about a kid's pet dog who turns into a giant bird, and I don't think the author thought of anything funny about that. I think I could have done without it. If you're a fan of the book or you have a pet dog, you might like it. I can't say that I enjoyed it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   "The way he goes on about the fact that he has the same blood as his father is just really funny. "   -lunarbeast   A good book, but not a good story. It is a good book because of the ideas it explores and the fact the author is able to make them come alive through his story. I like it and am looking forward to seeing what the sequel will bring
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********   I had to force myself to finish this book because it was so frustrating.   The story is about a girl who is a vampire, and her human friends and boyfriend. Her human boyfriend has no idea about her vampire side, and doesn't seem to care. Her vampire side is very annoying and annoying, but I understand why people have them, and they can be fun to watch.  - The main problem with this book is that it's so short. The first half is just a few pages of a character talking to herself. The second half is about the vampires. The vampire characters are boring, and the plot is slow. The story just drags on for so long. The ending is unsatisfying because it seems like there's no resolution.   it is really hard to get excited about a story that is so slow, boring, confusing, and has little to do with the main theme of the book. It's just boring, which is very unoriginal, and not what I'd call a good vampire story.   the vampires aren't interesting at all, and just seem to be there to serve the plot, not to be developed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** The most entertaining book I have ever read. I was blown away by the story line. This is one of those rare times when I am glad to read a book that I would have given a 4 star review to. ***********   "I was a big fan of "The Great Gatsby" but I am a little disappointed with this book. The story is good but it was a little over the top. I think that the author could have done a little more with her characters. I did like the mystery part of the book, but the mystery could have been made a little less complicated. I also found the characters a little shallow. The main character had a nice beginning but by the end of the story she was just a character. There were some interesting moments but it took too long to get to those. I would rather read a novel that has more action."   -Nancy   This is one that I read over the weekend, so it's one of the many I got for the holiday. The narrator is wonderful and the author has a wonderful way of making you feel like you are in the story. I have never been a big mystery fan, but I have read many of the old mystery novels that were set in the time of the Gatsbys and was just happy to see a book in which a character is not a lawyer or a businessman but someone who just happened to meet the perfect woman.   I would give it a 4.5 stars but I think the mystery was too complicated and too long, so I only gave it a 3.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a huge fan of the old Batman TV series.   Unfortunately, the recent movie, Batman & Robin   did not live up to my expectations.  The story was lame, the art was terrible and the acting was not good.  I felt like I was watching a cheap made for tv movie.  In conclusion, don't waste your time on this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not that I don't enjoy the book, but I'm disappointed.  The characters are so flat that they're completely unlikeable.  The author's only other book, The Lost City of Z, was also mediocre.    I hope she'll write something better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not for the faint of heart or those who have had a bad experience with the other books in the series.   This is a good book, but not a great one. It is well written and has a great plot but the author did not really understand how to make it work well. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I have not seen the film.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "In this novel the protagonist discovers that he can use a pair of scissors to create a copy of any object on the market. In the end he uses a pair on a TV and a pair for a TV remote control. This is a pretty cool invention. But after some experimentation, I think I have to say that this is one of the least interesting novels I have ever read."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first 5 pages or so of this book are really good.  I really enjoyed the first 20 pages or something.    The second 5 pages are the same thing but the third 5 pages is not so great.  The first 3 pages are about how this person's life is ruined and how he/she is a bad person because of this person.  This book is full of lies and a bunch of other lies.  I just stopped reading and had to start a new book.  For me to get an extra 50 cents for this book, I had to stop reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I don't like to review bad books but I have to, as it is a part of the job, and I have nothing else to do." The author, J. Michael Straczynski, is a master of the genre, but even he knows his way around a good yarn. I enjoyed this book a great deal, and the story was very compelling. The characters were very likable, the plot was interesting, and while there were some aspects that I found disappointing, there were also some things that were brilliant. A lot of the time, you don't even need to have read a series before being able to enjoy this book. It was a great read. I have read several of Stracnich's books and enjoyed them, but I haven't read much of his Star Trek  series. I know I will be picking up more of his books as I find them.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed the book, but there were too many errors, inconsistencies, and the ending seemed rushed. I have a hard time reading bad writing and this one didn't really pass muster. It was also hard to get a good story out of it because it didn't seem to have much going for it. If you want to see how this book is supposed to be written, please read the book. The first five books in this series are all very good, but this one wasn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. You don't have to love it, but it's just not for me.  What was the most challenging scene to write? _________. There's a scene in the book where you're in a bar and it's pouring, so you just get in the car, and you can hear a noise, and then there's a little girl crying. I wrote the scene the day before. The next day I was driving in a rainstorm, and I just had to get it down. It was a little bit of a struggle. The best scene to read? ____________________. I just reread this one recently, and it was great. It had a lot of emotion.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "What happened to me was so bad, it really got to me. I was in the first week of my junior year in college, and my life was pretty great. I had friends, I had a boyfriend, and I was going to graduate. I got in the library to check out a book about an artist whose life spiraled out of control. I didn't expect much. But the book was atrocious, filled with lies, half-truths, and the typical self-promoting bullshit. I found it so disturbing that I started reading about the author's past."   "I have never felt so betrayed. I bought this book on a whim because it was the first thing I had read about women artists, but after I finished it, I was utterly disheartened. The writing is atrociously bad, the stories are poorly written, and most of the examples used are from the 70s and 80s when I was too young to understand or care about them. It's a book that tells you nothing, and when it does try to tell you something, it is so cliche and so self-serving that it makes you want to smash your head against the nearest wall. "   -J.K.   "I have read many reviews on this book, but this was the most shocking, the most offensive, the least artistic, the worst book I have ever read. The worst of a bad lot of bad books I have read."  In a way, this book is about me. It was a book I read because I had the misfortune of being a writer and my teacher, Dr. William H. Knaus, had the great fortune of giving me his book on writing as a teacher. The book I had was not a particularly good one (although I have never regretted reading it, and in fact have continued to use it to this day), and in many ways it is a sad book, one that shows the pitfalls of the "woman" author. The bad parts are all the ones that make you want the book to be bad. I don't think I was particularly well-read when I first read this book because, as I say in the review, I didn a lot of self-help, and a lot was said about the importance of being assertive and not taking "no" for an answer, or being willing to make sacrifices in order to make your dream a reality. I remember thinking that
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   The book is the story of a guy who wants to become a big star. He spends a few years working hard and gets it in the end. He's a great singer, and his song is catchy and catchy and I think it's the most popular song of the year so far. And that's a pretty high bar, too.   However, I found the whole story pretty unbelievable.  : I really want to like this book. I really like the story and I really think that the writer does a great job of creating a believable character. However, I think that this story is just a little too perfect. It's almost as if the writer was writing a parody of his own life and the events he goes through. I don't know if it's because the author was so self-absorbed and self-confident that he didn't think it was too much of a stretch to write a story about his own triumphs and failures, or if it is just the writer's tendency to write stories about the most glamorous celebrities that he could think of. I can see both sides of this argument, and I can also see how the writer could have easily written a more realistic story about a guy like this.   is one of those stories that are meant to be taken seriously, but in a very exaggerated way. In this story, we follow a man who is constantly struggling to make a name for himself, and in this way it's a bit like an anti-fanfiction. We follow a guy that goes from being a mediocre singer in a small town to a very popular singer on the charts, but it's very obvious that he's always in a slump. He can't seem to get himself out of the rut and he keeps falling down. So we follow this guy on his journey to become successful. His friends and family are also there for him, but they have their own problems and their own struggles. The only thing that seems to be going right for him is that he can keep the girls. He has one girlfriend, but she's pretty much useless to him, and when he loses her, he goes into a depression and it's clear that this is not the only girl he has to get over.So we follow the man through the ups and downs of his life, and it is really easy to get behind him and to root for him. But in this story he always seems to have a bad ending, which is not what he
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Book of Lies  was the only book in my childhood that I actually liked.  I remember loving that book, but I'm not sure I ever actually finished it.  The book is about a family that gets sucked into a conspiracy of pedophiles and it was awful.  It was also not very good.  I think it was a terrible book, the kind that you read once in high school and then get annoyed by.  But I remember liking it because of the character, because it was about a real family that got caught up in a horrible conspiracy.  In this book, they had two boys and one girl and their father, who had been accused of molesting the boys, was accused of sexually molesting their sister.  That's all you need to know about this book.   The characters were all bad, not to mention the story was a total mess.  This book was not worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not at all what I expected, it was a good read, however I would not recommend it to anyone. It was a very different kind of read, in a good way, as the author did not tell a very good story and instead created a very odd, and sometimes funny, story. It was interesting to read about this girl who is always trying to be a good person, yet is so naive that she can't help being a pervert, I think that would be a very interesting story to tell. The story is very short, but is a good story in the end. The character of Sarah is so strong that I really want to see more of her and find out what her life is like. The book is a very well written book that I am glad to have read, and I think I will pick up another book from this author soon.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved this book. It's very much like a good old fashioned, good old fashion, hardboiled detective story. It just happens to be about an evil corporation that wants to control the food supply and who hires a detective to find out the identity of the people that are trying to stop them. I would definitely read more of these books.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book a lot. I liked the plot and the characters and the setting. I think it is the best in a long while about a group of people from a very different culture living in a very similar city. However, it does fall flat when it comes to the story, it just goes on and on and does not deliver on any of its promises, especially as it ends. It starts off very good, and then it loses all its momentum and stops.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I was disappointed that the story didn't have much to do with a good book that I read years ago, and I was disappointed with the book's length. I liked the author's writing, but it seemed a little slow."  --Mary, New York, NY This is the third book in the series. It's an interesting book, but not my favorite. It definitely has an air of mystery to it and there's a lot of twists and turns to the story. But, I'm not a huge fan of the series and the story isn't quite as interesting to me as I thought it would be. I would have rather read about a good man fighting evil and saving the world from evil. That's what I really wanted to read about. This book doesn't quite have the charm of the first two books. It still has a lot to offer, though. I recommend it to fans of fantasy, but I don't know if I will continue to read it. I have a feeling that I'll read it again at some point, but maybe not this time. Overall:    This was my second time reading this series, so I'm still learning to enjoy it. It was a fun ride though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is a bad movie, in that it has a few issues, but most of the things it does well are well done, like the story and acting, the plot and pacing, and the characters. The movie is just not very good. It's not that the movie doesn't have any issues. It's that the issues are not very well thought out or handled, and are not good.  The movie is about a group of people that are having their wedding, but their family members want them to cancel the wedding because their parents are not in favor of the marriage.  They want them married out of their own choice.   So they have a family meeting, and their parents (who were really not in the wedding planning but just wanted to make a point) say that it's okay to have their family in the room, but not if it's a decision that they don't agree with.  So this leads to a huge fight.  And the movie tries to have the best of both worlds.  They show a lot of scenes where the family members are having these heated arguments and then have the couple have a heart to heart.  But there is not a lot done with the argument itself, and it is not shown well.  The fight happens in the beginning of the movie, but it's not shown how the argument begins or what the family is feeling at the time.  It's shown in the later scenes where they are talking to each other.  In addition, the ending of the film is very rushed, and doesn't give us the whole story.  Even in the first half of the first act, we have no idea why these people are fighting.  I think the story needs more time to develop, and needs to do a lot more to the characters and how they feel.  What I really liked about this movie was the performances, especially the actors that were playing the roles.  Chris Pratt and Anna Faris were excellent as the parents.  John Krasinski, who plays the father, was also excellent as he was very emotional in the scene where he tells the couple that he doesn't want to have to take their family out of the wedding, even though they are very much in favor.  This was one of the more emotional moments I have seen in a long time, and I was very impressed with it.  Sarah Silverman also did a great job as the daughter, but again, not
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a fun read, but it's pretty basic in a lot of ways. The author has a lot more experience with writing action books, so I'm not sure why she decided to go with this genre.  She seems to have a very basic knowledge of how to write an action book, but doesn't go far enough with it. Â It's pretty obvious that she wanted to write a book about how to do this sort of thing and it doesn't come across well at all.  5.6/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ _________  "If you're looking for a good story that doesn't involve any sex and/or violence, you might want to look elsewhere."   I read this book and I'm not a big fan of YA books.   But this book was just SO BAD. The characters were the worst.   of the four protagonists, only the girl was likeable. The other three were just awful.  , you don't want to know what happened to them. They were so terrible. I hated them and felt sorry for the other people in the story, but I couldn't even look away because they were so ugly. I had to keep reading to find out what happened.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I'm glad I got the other book I wanted, but I'll never be able to look at it the same.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really terrible. I read it and immediately hated it. It's basically a short story that is not well written. It is so confusing that it takes me a good 3 hours to figure out what is happening. It also has a lot of spelling errors. It just was really hard to read. The story is a very good one. I have read a few stories in the past and they have been good. This is not one of those stories. This book is so bad that I think it would be better if the author had not even attempted to write it. This book will probably get a bad review from me because of my negative review on the book, but if you can read this book and get past my negative opinions then you might like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so glad I did not read this book. It is so boring. I am just glad I read it before I start thinking about college. This is the only book I have ever read that made me think that the world was stupid. It has a lot of great advice but not enough of it.  The only thing that makes it work for me is that it is true. I just don't like to think about that.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those "don't read it unless you've read it before" books.  I have read a number of them, but this one was a real disappointment.  The main problem is that the story has been changed to focus on a young, gay, white boy named Daniel.  There is no real story in this book, and the author does a very poor job of developing the character.  He has no character, no personality, no real emotions.  No development.  It is a typical "young adult" book.  But at least it was written by a man.  "A boy named Dan is at school one day when his teacher asks him a simple question. 'Why are you so quiet?' The boy just stares at the teacher. The teacher sighs and tells the class that the boy is probably a quiet boy who just needs to be taught some manners."  This book does not live up to the hype. The book:  There are lots of positive reviews about this book on Amazon.  This is my review.  This review is for the book that I just bought, but I will give my opinions about other books I have. It's called A Boy Named Dan.  The book is about a young white boy who has to deal with being a kid who is gay.  At school one of the other kids says something to him that bothers him.  After this happens to him he goes home and tells his mom about it.  When his mom says she doesn't know what that kid was saying to him the boy gets mad.  Her response is to send him to the school psychologist.  As the book progresses this happens more and more.  Sometimes when he is going to a party at his friend's house he has to go to the psychologist to tell him what is going on.  Then he has another issue where he has a fight with his friend about him being gay. The book really makes it seem like he is the only gay kid at his school.  So that's one thing that I didn't like.  Another thing is that he doesn't have any real friends.  All his friends are boys who are in love with each other.  Not only that, but he is pretty much the only girl he has ever really had any feelings for.  His friend has to be told that he is gay in order to make any friends. It's like he's not even a real person
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The  A Game of Thrones  book by George R.R. Martin is a terrible book.  It's a poor book, in the sense that it is bad in all aspects, from the prose to the narrative to the characters and world building.  This book is written in an  abridged form, in which the author cuts and pastes some scenes from the books to make it more appealing.  It is not a bad idea, but it is not as good as the books.  The characters are not fleshed out as well as they should be, the story has no plot and no character development, and the ending is an anticlimax.  Overall, this is a bad  and badly written book. I was disappointed, but not surprised.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book a lot.  It was a fun read, I enjoyed all the twists and turns, and the ending was a nice twist.    I would recommend this book for fans of adventure/sci-fi/fantasy/romance books, as the book's plot is a little more on the lighter side than most of the books I've read.    However, I felt that the plotline was very weak, as it felt like a book that was put together after a brainstorm session.  I also felt that there was a slight lack of a "big bad" and a "good guy."  Overall, a good book with a good ending.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I think this book would be better if it were about a different subject. It is a book about "The Art of Not Giving a F*ck" and how it relates to life, not about a personal quest to get laid. The author was so insistent on how to live a good life, I had to agree, but there is no such thing as a "good" life in this book.   I like to read books that will challenge my thinking and have me re-examine my life, and this one did that. The book was entertaining, but I do wish there were more of the author's personal stories to help me understand what he was trying to say.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I can't really say I enjoyed this one. I don't think it has much to do with any particular character, other than the one who is trying to kill himself because of the pain of his past. And then the whole thing just gets silly and ridiculous, especially the ending, which is the last thing I wanted to read about. The book starts off with the narrator saying he can't remember the last time he cried. Then he has a flashback to being a little boy, and how he cried so much his parents were worried he was going to have a nervous breakdown. Then, the next thing he remembers is that he was crying, and his parents weren't sure if he was okay. He then goes on to describe all the pain he's going through, and that he's really not in the mood for this book. Then suddenly he has an out-of-body experience, which explains the whole book. It's a really terrible ending."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total disappointment.  The story is extremely simplistic, and it's impossible to connect with the characters.  I would have preferred a story about the two boys, instead of the one who thinks he is the best of them.   I think this would be better off as a children's book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a really bad book. The main character, J.D., is a man with a disability.  He has the mental ability to know when something is wrong, but he can't seem to get a grip on what is happening.    After reading a story about a disabled woman being raped by a man who can't control himself, I found myself not only not liking the book, but I felt ashamed to have read it.  What makes this story so bad is the way the author has J. d.'s disability used to manipulate the reader.  I'm not even going to attempt to describe the scene because I think the description alone will tell you that you need to turn away.    I'm pretty sure J.d.'s mental disability is what causes the rape.  If this is a story in which the victim is mentally challenged, then why did the author make J. a rapist?  I mean, this is one of the worst things I've read in a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's not the worst book I've read, but it's not great either." "It's a good book, but not great. The ending left me feeling cheated and confused." "I thought it was a good novel that could have been better if the book was more fleshed out." "This is not a great book." "So boring, it's good." "A pretty good story with a bad ending."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A very basic book. A book about the history of China that has nothing to do with its modern history. If you are looking for a very basic history book with a nice map, I recommend this book. If this book had more information about how China changed and grew over time, it would have been even better.  Helpful book but not a history book: A good book, a great introduction to China. I think it would be better if there were more on the history behind the Chinese Empire. It would also be nice to have a short book that covered a little about the Great Wall. . I am currently working on a history of the world and China as part of a history major. I am excited to try to finish this book because of the information. My only complaint is that it seems that a lot of the historical information is from a later period. For example, the history about the Mongols comes from about the 12th century and it is clear that the Mongol Empire was not a stable state. This is a shame because it is interesting to learn about some of the great events that took place in China over time. The text is a bit dry but the maps and tables are a bit confusing to me. I hope this book is useful to someone, but I am not sure I would recommend it to a student who wants to understand more about China.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I can't believe that there is a woman who can write like that. I have had so many books that are like this. I read this one at the library and loved it. The cover is pretty, but the author's style is like a nightmare. The writing style was not like I've read before. The sentences were all over the place and they were very hard to understand. I didn't understand why she was talking about a woman in a wheelchair. She was speaking in this way and that way. The main character was annoying. She would start a sentence with "I was so upset" and then would finish it with "You're the only one I could talk to about my life problems" It was like a guy talking about his feelings. I was confused by it. I mean, she was a woman. It made no sense. I really didn't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- A book about a young man and a young woman who had a terrible romance is just about the worst thing I've ever read. It starts off well enough. They meet, the young woman seems nice and the young man seems like a decent guy. Then they go off and have some sex that doesn't seem to go anywhere. Then, the guy tries to kill himself (I know, I know). The next day, she gets angry at him for being a jerk, and then he tries to murder himself as well. So she kills herself, and they go back to being friends. Then the young guy tries a suicide as well, and the next day the girl kills herself. So then they kill themselves as well and they don't seem very happy about it. Then we have this little flashback where we see what happened to their parents before they were born. So that's a little bit of a mixed bag. It does have some nice parts though. If you have a strong stomach, I'd recommend it. But you probably shouldn't give it a second read because it's just so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in one sitting. The cover is good, the contents are not so good. The plot is good. But the prose is so amateurish. I have a feeling the author has no idea how to write a novel. It is almost as if he read some book and then decided to write it. It reads as if it was a copy-and-paste job, not an original work. He even manages to write his name as "James R. Moore".  I have no idea what the book is about, nor how he did it. 4/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________. __________. _________________. _____. ____. ______________________________. ______________________________________________________. The author seems to have a very low opinion of people who don't read. He seems to think that anyone who doesn't enjoy the story he's telling is a moron.   This book isn't bad per se, but it's not that great either. It's not bad enough to stop me from recommending it to anyone else, but if I were someone who liked the first book and thought I'd give this one a try, I would have been a little disappointed. I don't mind the story. It was a pretty good premise.  - I can't recommend this book because of the author's opinion of book-readers. He makes it seem like the only reason anyone reads a book is to see if it has a happy ending, and that if it doesn't it's their fault.
Write a negative review about a bad book: **********The book is not good. The prose is very uneven. Some parts are very easy to follow while others seem like they are not. Some sections could be easily removed from the book and the rest of the book could have been rewritten. I'm just not a fan of the subject matter and the author's style is not my thing. I would recommend this book to those who are interested in the topic but might find it a little too much for their taste.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  Bryan:   This book is really just a book about how to do it all in a really boring way.   I don't like writing about people who do stupid things (well, I've never had to write about a guy who does stupid things, but that's another matter), and I don't read a lot of self-help books. So I wasn't expecting this book to have a lot to say. I'm surprised it did because it's about the dumbest thing you could do to improve your life (which I can't say is an improvement), and it is also very, very boring.   of course there's lots of advice on how to get into the "flow" that the author is talking about, but the "just do it" stuff just doesn't work for me. I can get into that kind of flow, but it takes practice to get it. I think I have gotten into it a few times in the past (the most recent one being about 5 years ago) but it's just never worked for me, and it's really just kind of a waste of time.   "Just do it": It's a great way to start off a self-improvement book, but this kind of stuff is the first of a series of useless, boring self-talks. There's a lot wrong with the "Just Do It" series, but none of it has to do with the content of the book.  .... "Just take it slow": I've found that the idea of taking your time to practice stuff is just a great idea, but a bad idea. It doesn't matter how hard you are at a given task if you take too long. I find it takes far too long to get my mind to really focus on the problem, let alone to be able to get a really good solution out of it.   the last section of the "Treat Yourself Like Your Best Self" section was pretty good though. It's an idea that I think is good, but has some serious problems.    .. a book like this should have some really good exercises. Instead the book just has one of those boring exercises about how "if you're going to do something you have to do a lot" and that's pretty much it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________... this book is so boring. I don't think you are writing about any one event. I just don't understand the relevance of the events you describe. They sound like they are just a collection of things that happened. I'm sure some of the people you talk about were involved in the events but how can you say what happened in some events is so important to them?.. I would recommend this book to people who are looking for a good read and a great read about the war but don't have much interest in the actual events. _____________________________________  I've read some good books, but not one that I found interesting enough to pick up again. I have a hard time with books that are just repeating the same events over and over. I also had a hard times with the narration. The narrator did a good job of keeping things clear but it seemed like she could tell when she was writing a story and not telling one. This book definitely didn't hold my interest and I won't be picking up another book in the series.  (review of free book)  Review by: Sarah B. on Aug. 22, 2013 :  This book is boring.   If you want to read about one event in the war you can easily do so with the "Battle of the Bulge" book and "The Longest Day" book, and these are much better than this one.   the only interesting thing about this book that i learned is that the German high command had a hand in the German general's suicide, and that this was why the American command had to do so much extra work in order to keep the Germans out.   (I am not going to get into the "why" of the suicide but it made no sense at all.)   In fact the book is pretty much all about the Germans trying to out maneuver the Americans and they only succeeded in doing so by killing many Americans. The Germans also did not try to take the town and it did not take a lot of time before they were pushed back into the city.   The book was just very boring. , (review of FREE book)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first couple of chapters are about a man who is in the middle of a car accident. He has a lot of fun and then a couple of things happen that make him realize that it wasn't a good idea to try and drive a car through a tree. Then the story gets dark and it is about a guy who just lost his wife. It was a bit confusing.  Then the story turns to a woman who is about to die in a car crash and is the last person to know what happened to her husband.   I wasn't sure if this was a bad thing.  But then the guy who was in the car with her is killed.  So it gets very dark.  And then the story changes and it was about a kid who is dying and has to choose between life and death.  I'm not sure if I was really in a bad place but I had a hard time getting into it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very well written, and there is very little to complain about. I'm not sure I agree with a lot of the things that are said, but there is a lot to enjoy about this book. The book is set in the world of the Book of Eibon, a legendary story of the ancient Egyptian gods, who ruled a world that was divided into two halves by the river Nile. The Book of Thoth was a secret of the Egyptians, which revealed the location of the true location of Egypt, the city of Thebes. The Egyptians then began to build Thebes to be the new capital of the world. In this book, we get to see how that works out. In fact, Thebes is the new Egyptian capital. But it's not without its problems. First of all, Themis, the goddess of the gods, is jealous of the new god of Egypt. She is also jealous of her own children, who have no place in this new city, and have been exiled to a separate continent. In other words, she has gone insane. Secondly, Theans are a group of people who live in a city called Thebes, which is located somewhere in the south of Egypt... Theans live there, as do the other races. This book is pretty much a history of the Theans and their history with Thebes and the Book Of Thoth. It starts off pretty good, with Theans living in peace. Then Thebes begins to fall into ruin, and things start to get ugly for the Thean people. Thirdly, The Theans have to deal with the other nations of the globe. I really liked this aspect of the book, as it helped build the world building. Finally, the book also has a lot more on the people of Theans than I expected. Theans were the most interesting character, as they are all different, and their histories are pretty interesting. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who enjoys Egypt, The Book Of Eibons, or a book about the people who lived in Thebes in the olden days.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________ This book is the worst. I had read the other books in the series but had never read this one. I didn't like it at all. The plot was confusing and the characters were not likable. The characters were in love but never acted on it. They talked about what they did and did not like. I could not get into it. I couldn't believe that I had wasted my time with this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: **********I have been reading this book for about a year. I am in my mid 20s. I have always loved books that challenge the reader. This book has done just that. But I am a fan of fantasy and so I did not think it was possible for this book to be that good. I was wrong. I will have to reread it. I read it on my Kindle and read the audiobook and it is not just the words that make this a great book. It is the writing style. The writing style is different than other authors and the voice of the narrator is really unique and very believable. The story line was interesting and the world building was wonderful. The world building is where this book really shines. I loved the details and the history of the world. The main character, a young woman, was not one dimensional and was really well developed. The villains were also well developed and believable. I really liked how the author mixed in some lighthearted moments. It was not all dark and serious.The book did not take itself too seriously. The book was fun to read and I liked the character development. I liked that the story was not just about the main character and how she had to grow. The plot line was really interesting and I enjoyed the characters. Overall, I would recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was awful. It is a terrible story about a girl who finds a baby and takes care of it. It really made me feel bad for her and made me want to give up on trying to save the baby. It's a terrible book, I didn't even enjoy reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Book of the New Sun is an absolute mess of a book. The story is weak and the characters are shallow. The plot is very convoluted and lacks the focus that it deserves. The characters, though not really likable, are likable enough to make you hate them, but not quite enough to really love them. The prose is also quite bad, as I mentioned earlier, and the story was so over-the-top that the first few pages just bore me to death. The Book Of The New Sun was published in 1973, which is also the year that the "Golden Age" of science fiction was taking place. That's quite a stretch, but hey, I'm just a fanboy. The Book of New Sun has been reprinted many times, with a modern re-issue coming out in 1996. If you like this book and like sci-fi and space travel, I'd say pick it up. If not, just give it a pass. I'm pretty sure that it's the same thing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  When I read this book I thought "Wow this is a really well written book! I really enjoy this book." Then I read it and I really didn't. I was disappointed. I would give this book 5 stars if I could, but I'm just not convinced. It's very interesting and well written, but...I wasn't excited about it. There's something I didn't like about it: the ending.  Overall:    I don't think this book will change my mind about the idea of religion. It may change my view of my own belief system and why I hold it. It could be a book that helps you to understand the concept of faith, but for me, I think I'm going to stick with my faith. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a bad series, but the pacing is terrible. The author's writing style is cliche and there is very little detail. The story is so slow and the book is not interesting at all. The last book is an absolute chore to read and it ends on a terrible note. The most annoying part about this series is the author's way of writing in the third book. There are two chapters that are just long winded and cliche. It's like they couldn't think of anything else to write and this is how they ended up writing it. If this is the first book, the last two books would have been much better.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________ I was so excited to get this book, because it is one of my favorite books of all time. The story is about a guy who is very talented but who just can't find a way to get to the big time. So he gets a book and a job at a small college, and starts to work as a tutor for one of his students. He's a brilliant guy, but he's kind of lost and lonely. His life isn't easy, and he's also a very insecure guy. It's a great story about being a genius and living a life you don't enjoy. But it's also about what happens when you make the biggest mistake of your life and you lose everything. The writing is excellent and the author has a lot of great insights about human nature. He also has a way of bringing the characters and story to life. I also really like that the author doesn't go out of his way to make us feel bad for the character, but shows us that he's just not good enough to do his job. This is a book I could totally recommend to anyone who wants to read about how people learn and what it's like to be a genius. _________________________________  5 Stars for this book  My kids love it!  I have two children ages 3 and 5 and they both love this book! The illustrations are fun and creative, and the characters are super funny! We read it to them a few times a week. We also read it as a fun way to start the new school year!  the illustrations are amazing and the story is great, i'm glad we gave it to my kids, we read it all the time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story is interesting. The characters are very likable. The plot is interesting and the writing is interesting as well. The problem with the book is that it takes place in a very limited time frame, which isn't really enough time to develop the characters or the plot. It also takes place at a high school and the school setting doesn't really fit in with the rest of the story. I felt that the story was stretched out a little too much and didn't get enough development. The ending was also a bit of a let down, it felt like the author wanted to have something that was "epic" and "fascinating" but ended up with something that felt a little lackluster.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. This is not a great book and it should be given a very low rating. The story is the worst part about this book as it is very cliché. This story is about a group of kids who go to a party where they get into trouble because of their bad attitude and bad attitudes to life. They go to the house of a bad boy who has the worst attitude of them all. I will not say anymore as I did not like this book at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "this book was a huge disappointment" "this is not a book to read, just a book that makes you feel sad about life" The story takes place during the early 1800s when an Englishman, John Murchison, is captured and imprisoned in the town of Wapping, East London. He's being held by the same mob that put him in jail in the first place, and has a pretty grim reputation. Murchion's only hope is that a young Irish prostitute, Anne O'Connor, will be released soon, and he'll be able to get to her before the mob comes to take her back.  The book opens with Anne's mother, a poor, sickly woman, dying, leaving Anne in the care of her uncle. Anne's uncle is a man who was a prominent member of the community in Wapping. In fact, he is the town's Mayor, and his uncle is his most loyal supporter. The book jumps back and forth in time, starting with the old man as a young man, a time of growing up and a time where the mob had no real power over him. But as he goes on to grow older, the mob slowly gains power over the man. There are a few things I liked about this book, but I also felt that the author got a little too carried away with his writing style. I have to say that the style is very reminiscent of James Joyce, and while it does make the book a little more fun to read it also makes it a bit harder to read at times. I also had a hard time understanding the way the author wrote Anne's past. There were a few times where I thought that the book might be confusing as hell, but luckily that didn't happen too often. The best thing I could say about the writing is that it's clear and the style makes sense. Anne doesn't seem like a real person, but like an archetype. But the way she talks makes me wonder if she is a fake, and that she's just a way to describe the feelings of the characters in the book. This may be one of the biggest issues I have with this book. I mean it's not as bad as some of the other novels that I've read, but the writing makes the book feel like it's being written by a teenager. The characters are what make this book interesting, and I will say that Anne O', Murchisson and the mob are my favorite.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I was an adult until I was 18. I got it from a friend as a Christmas gift, and it's the most ridiculous book ever.   I wish I could give it 0 stars!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you have read a book or watched a film which you found not to be good, you will not be surprised to know that a few bad reviews are in the running. It is not only a matter of bad editing, bad writing, bad characterisation and so on. It may be a matter for the "praise" section of a review, but if you were not in the mood for the movie or the book and it was just so-so, I have a feeling that the bad reviews might have been an excuse to avoid reading the book. In the case of this book I am not surprised at the bad review. I have read the original trilogy but the prequel, The Darker Side of the Force (TDSOF), was only available on the Internet so I was not aware that it was written by Christopher Schlerf. I am aware that the trilogy was never completed and the last book in the trilogy is the first book of the prequels. It seems that he was inspired by his experiences with the book, but then again maybe he was a better writer than I was. I don't know. The Darkest Side of TSF is a poorly written book which I am sure will not win any awards, and in fact I doubt that Schlerfe has any real readership outside of those who have read and enjoyed the original novels. I read this book with a kind of disappointment. It was not as good as I thought it would be, and I am glad that it is not my cup of tea.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is terrible. I got this book on Goodreads in a trade. I am not a huge fan of fantasy, but this book was so bad it made me want to vomit. It starts off great, as the character is introduced. I liked that he was different, but that was about it. After about a page he turns into a huge bitch who is not afraid to tell you how she feels. This is all great, except she has the most horrible dialogue I have ever heard in a book. I thought the characters were all nice, but the characters in this book are terrible. She is like a cat who is always trying to be nice, and then goes crazy when she isn't. It is very sad. It should have been an easy read, but it wasn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very skeptical when I first opened this book. I had read about the book before but thought it was a bad review, and that is, until I actually read it. I'm sorry that it's taken me so long to get this review up, but the first thing that hit me is that this is a very well written and interesting book. The prose is clear, the author is funny, the information is easy to follow, and it's all about something.    The first part of the book is about the development of a boy and his father and how they come to care about each other. I think it's a great beginning because it establishes the relationship, and then it goes into the next part which is the father's family. I loved the relationship between these two characters and the way they develop a relationship and become more than friends. The book also has a lot of discussion about religion, love, and family and is very thought-provoking. The author did a good job of balancing the different types of family and how it changes over time, but also how it can be used to create more happiness for those around it.  The second part of this book is the life of the father, which was a lot more exciting than I expected. There is a lot going on in this part of our lives, and I thought it went well. The story of the son was interesting and well-written. I liked that the father was more of a character in the book than in the film, and he did get a bit of an identity crisis when he found out what his son did with his life. This was a fun part of my reading experience. The last part of your reading experience is about our daughter. This part of a book is a bit hard to explain, so I'll just say that the daughter had an awesome and interesting time. The father was a very different person from the father in the movie and I enjoyed seeing how his character grew. I found it interesting to see the changes in the father as he tried to be more like his father in a very difficult situation. The final part of his story is his wife, and again, I found the story interesting and interesting. The ending of the story was satisfying and was very emotional. The conclusion of this story was so satisfying, and the author did such a good story telling job. I liked the book and I look forward to reading the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     I got this book for my birthday. I read the synopsis and was excited to read this book. Unfortunately, I wasn't that impressed. I found the story to be boring. I also thought the main character wasn't well developed. She had no character traits.   I don't understand the fascination people have with this book or the people who read it. This book wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I was disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I had read the first few pages, and I liked it. I'm a sucker for this type of book. It was a bit long, but the plot is good. But the book had an interesting premise (a girl with a brain tumor) but I'm disappointed in how much of the book the book was about her and her sister. The plot is interesting, but not the main story.   The characters were interesting, the writing was decent, and the plot was good, but it didn't grab me. It could have been a really good book, but in the end, I don't feel as much interest in reading it as I did in the first book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ This book does not give a single useful or useful idea. I have written at length on the subject of personal finance before. This book is a total failure. I did not find anything new here. I'm sure this book will be useful to some people but to others it will be a waste of time. I will give it one star just for being in print and for the title but the book is an embarrassment to the genre.  Rated 1 out of 5 by R from What a disappointment. I really enjoyed reading this book and had it at my side as I was learning the ropes of saving money. I purchased the digital version and immediately downloaded the pdf version, which was not easy because the pdf was so big. This resulted in the book being a total waste of my time. The content was well written, but I found the style of writing a little off-putting, which is not uncommon for a financial book. I felt as if the author did not really know what she was talking about, as well as being overly-concerned about her own financial situation. It's all about her. I found this book so disappointing that I can't even say how much I love this book, but for a self-help book, it falls a little short.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This is a bad, bad book. It is the worst book I have ever read. I'm a book lover, but I have had very little luck finding good books on writing. I was looking forward to this book, but after reading it I have no desire to read another book like this. The author did a very poor job with the story line, writing, and characters. I understand that she is writing about a real event, but the way the story was told, it seemed like it was written for children. ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a lot of potential, but it is unfortunately so rushed that it has lost a lot it could have been.  There is a great deal of information about how to grow cannabis plants in this book, but so much of it is so overwhelming that it is hard to keep up.    This is one of the books I have been waiting for a long time to read!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was looking for something that I would enjoy for a while and was not disappointed. The stories were well told and well told in a way that made the characters not only believable but real. If I had to pick one flaw, it is that there are a couple of scenes where I thought that the author was going to show a little more emotion, but the scenes were so well written that it didn't bother me. Overall a very good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________. _______________. _________________. _____ _________. My husband and I went to this place a few weeks ago to get some Christmas gifts for our family. The owner was very nice and friendly, but the prices were pretty high, and the selection was very small. We got the two books that are on our list: The Bible, and The World's Oldest Book. I've been meaning to get this book for some time, but I've never been able to find it anywhere! It's a little hard to read at times, and at the end of the book, it starts to drag. I had read the reviews on the other reviews, and they were all good, but that last chapter was the biggest disappointment. We did get a discount, but if you're a Bible fan, this book might be worth getting. However, the only reason I gave this place two stars instead of five is that it has a sign that says, "Don't go there if you are a Christian." I'll go there next time I'm in the area, but it's probably a little more expensive than the other places.  Very informative. I can't imagine what this would have been like when it was written in the 1700's. I read the bible and a few other books. It's nice to find a book that's free and in English.  a great book to have. I recommend this book to anyone interested in learning about the ancient world. This book has been around for centuries.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book is not good. It is a waste of time to read this book. The book is about the rise of modernism and it does so in an interesting way. However, the book falls short on both the art of writing and the art to be found in history.   The author makes the argument that modernism is a reaction against a decaying world. The author points out that there is a history of this and that is a good point. However he also makes a very bad point about the way in which he presents this history. The idea that modernity is a response to a declining world is a very interesting one and the book does a good job of explaining the historical roots of modernity. The problem comes when the author argues that modernist works of art, architecture and science are "better than nothing" and this argument is very flawed. The reason is that these things were meant to be symbols for the rising and falling civilizations of the world. Art was meant to speak to the changing world of the past and this is the point where modernism fails.   in modernist architecture we find things like the Neue Galerie which are beautiful in their own right but they do not reflect the rising powers of the 19th century. Modernist architecture was not meant to express modernism. Modernism was supposed to reflect the values of the rising world and not the changing one of the 18th century; in fact modernism was a reaction to the rising forces of the 17th century and the 1820s. Modern art and architecture are meant to reflect a changing world and a changing civilization. Modernity and the rise and fall of the Roman Empire were two great examples of this. The modernist view of the ancient world is flawed because it is not in harmony with the rising one of modern civilization. In fact modernity's modernism can be seen as the most recent reaction to that reaction. The most important part of this is that modern art was not a reaction but a reaction in its own right.  , Modernism is not an antidote to the falling world, it is a symptom of the falling one, a response in its very own right to the values that made that falling world possible.  In a way I sympathize with this viewpoint. However I feel that there are other more compelling reasons to explain why the modern era is the greatest and why it will not be supplanted by another one. Modern civilization is the result of a number of events that led to
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring, confusing, and just plain bad.  I don't know if I can even give this book two stars, I am pretty sure I will read something else from the author in the future.    What's your favorite character in the book?  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has many problems. The first two are the usual problems with the genre: it's too long, the characters don't grow, and it's all about magic. The rest is pretty much the same thing: boring, dull, repetitive, and a little too long. This is one of the books that I had to reread because the characters were too predictable, and the same events were happening over and over again. Even though I thought I got a lot out of this book, I'm glad I did not have to re-read it. 6.5 stars. I don't think I'll be going back to this book anytime soon. It was okay.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is an abomination. I don't know how I've got through this one, as I have been reading a book every day for over two weeks. It is very long, I would not be surprised if the book took up a third of the book and there are so many pages and descriptions I am left feeling very fatigued. The writing is so clunky and uninspired, it seems like the author had to use a lot of quotes from other authors to make the book sound interesting. I am also a bit annoyed that it is a book about a girl's "life" - what a horrible idea! It is also so long and drags on - the author must have thought that by cramming so much information in a short amount of time, she could sell a book and get some kind of recognition from her readers. I'm sure she will get plenty of reviews, but it is not a good read for anyone who enjoys a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ is an incredible story about the life and death of a young boy. The writing is fantastic, the characters are well-developed and the plot is believable and interesting. The author does a great job creating a compelling story about a family and the events that unfold as the family comes together, learns about death and the power of a love that can be lost and found, and learns to love and accept the difference between good and evil. _____________ is a wonderful book, and it is a must read.  5 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this in a week and was very excited about it. I didn't like the first chapter at all. I hate writing negative reviews, but I'm not going to lie...I was a little put off by this book. I thought it was too heavy on the lovey dovey aspect of the story and was just a little bit too slow to get to the plot. I would like to read the first book in the series to get a better feel for the characters, but that won't be happening. I'm looking forward to reading the next book though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I have been a long time fan of the series, and I really liked this book, but it did not do much for me. The main problem I had was that the plot was very confusing. There were so many plot points that seemed to have nothing to do with each other, and yet the story was just so convoluted, and so unfocused. And then I read the last few pages of the book and my mind just exploded. The final scenes made no sense at all, and then they were revealed, and now I am confused again. I just don't understand what's going on in this book at all. I mean, it was just too complicated for my liking. It's hard to read at times. The writing is not terrible, but there are times when the sentences just didn't seem to be making any sense, and there were times when I couldn't tell if I was reading fiction or not. I am going to read the next one to see if I am as confused as I thought I was, but this one didn't leave me satisfied. I was very disappointed. I can't recommend this book to anyone, but I can say that if you like fantasy, you will like this book. But I just can't get into it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I really wanted to love this book. I'm so excited to read the rest of the series. This book didn't live up to the hype, however. It's hard to like a book that doesn't liveup to the high expectations, and this is one of the books I would give a negative rating to.   The main problem with this book is the book does not live up the hype. It does not even live up its own hype.   I read this book during a period of time when I was not feeling well. I was feeling unwell. This wasn't due to anything in this book, but it is my own personal experience. I also don't have a high tolerance for boredom, and the plot is extremely boring, so I wasn't interested.   in short, I wouldn't recommend this book for anyone with any sort of medical conditions, or anyone who enjoys books that are more like movies than books.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book sucks. The writing style is terrible, the story is lame, the plot is so lame, and the characters are so annoying. There's so much wasted potential here. Why would I read this book? For the plot! I love a good mystery! The story is just bad, but the plot makes up for it. This book is nothing more than a series of unrelated and boring events that are all connected to a central mystery. If you're into a good story, give this book a miss!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The plot is fine, and it's a shame that it takes a while to get there, but that's not a bad thing at all. The characters are likable, and the book is well-written. I'd recommend this to fans of books by John Grisham, Tom Clancy, and James Patterson.   I have one major issue with the book: the ending. The book starts off with a bang, but it's so poorly written that I'm not sure I want to continue reading it. There's just so much potential in this book, but I'm just not sure that I'll be picking it up again.   is a novel about a woman who goes to a secluded cabin to escape the world for a few weeks. It starts off well enough, but after the first hundred pages or so, the book gets worse. The main character, Mary, goes off to a cabin in the woods, and everything goes very wrong. There is a lot of sex, lots of cursing, and lots of fighting. The story does not get any better from there. I really can't say anything bad about this book because it's really just bad. There are some interesting things going on in this story, but the author does not really do a good job of developing these ideas. The sex and cursing are just ridiculous, and while I appreciate the story, it is just not enough to make me want to read the rest of the book. The author really needs to do better work if he wants me to keep reading this book. I gave this book two stars because it does have some interesting ideas, but not enough actual development to make it worthwhile.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't love this book.   The writing is very bad and the plot is a complete mess.  The book is really long but it is very poorly written.  This is the worst book I have read this year.  It really sucked me in.  I thought I was in trouble.  At one point in the book the protagonist (a woman) says something to the effect of "it's not a good idea to keep a dog around when you're a woman" but that is really not explained or supported.  There are two separate chapters where the female protagonist is having an affair with a guy.  What?  It's like he's not even interested in her and he's keeping her around because he's bored or something.  So what she says is that she thinks that's a bad idea because she's not as manly as he is.  Anyway, the book is so bad it makes me feel bad for the characters.  One of them is in a coma.  They are both so stupid and I was bored with them and so sad because the whole thing was just stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ was a bad novel and was very poorly written. The author's voice was so overbearing that it was impossible to feel anything but disgust for the protagonist. I did not enjoy this book at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book, it had a lot of plot holes and didn't hold up as a true science fiction story. The aliens were the worst. They never really stood out as being more than background characters and they were so over used that they made no sense. I'm not a big fan of aliens in fiction, but the aliens in this were so annoying that I couldn't care if the book was good or not. I'd give the book 2 stars if the aliens weren't so annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you're looking for a book that will change the way you view the world, and give you the tools to fight the monsters you've been fighting for years, you've come to the right place. The Dark Night of the Soul is one of the most complete books I've ever read, and it does so in a way that is both informative and compelling. The book is written by a guy who knows a thing or two about the subject matter, which is why I think it's one of his better works. It's also a great read, if you're interested in what you can do to survive the dark night of the soul. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to be informed about the topic, who wants a great book, and who is open to learning. It was the first book I read that gave me a good idea of what the hell is going on. I also highly recommend it to anyone that has a tendency to be skeptical. The truth will set you free, and no one knows that better than the author.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ I was expecting a great book and I'm very disappointed.   This book is about a girl who is born into a very wealthy family. Her parents are very rich and have a very strict moral code. One day her father comes home and finds a little girl playing on the beach. Her father takes the girl to his room to be tutored. The father then takes the little girl to bed and tells her not to talk to anyone and not to ask questions. The little girl wakes up and the father is gone. The girl cries, but she is not sure why her father left. She then remembers a dream about him and wakes up. Her grandfather has died and the little boy she dreams of is dead. She gets out of bed and finds that she has a scar on her hand. She is in the middle of a cemetery and she starts to cry. Her grandmother comes out of the ground and she asks her why she's crying. The grandmother tells her that she is crying because she is going to be dead soon.   the grandmother goes away. The child then looks at a tombstone that says "In memory of the little one." The child says, "In the middle ages, they called it a tomb for a little boy who was going to die."   The book then tells the little story of a young boy who is being brought up in the same way that her grandmother was brought up. He's very curious about life and death and he's always wanting to know about them. He gets very sick one day and he has a fever. He has to stay in bed for a couple of days. His parents get a new car. He asks his father, "Dad, how come you got a new Car?" The father says, "'cause I want a new one, too." The little boy's father says to him, "Why do you want a Car? I got a Car just for you." The father gets a new baby doll that he puts on the shelf next to the little doll he got for the little baby girl he had to leave behind. He then gets a letter from his mother, saying, "Here is a letter I received from your grandmother."   in the letter, she says, ""The baby's mother died last night and he was crying in his sleep and when he woke up, the baby had no teeth. So, he didn't want to go to sleep, so he asked his grandmother, 'Why don't you tell
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________  I am very disappointed in this book. It is not the most engaging book, but it is the best thing you can read for a few hours. It has so many great ideas, but the execution of them is very disappointing. It's almost like the author got the wrong idea of what the book is about and tried to do it. I don't think there's a single concept in this that's actually original. It could have been written by a PhD student who had the book in front of him for years, but instead he decided to try to write an original story. It doesn't really work. The author does a great job explaining the process, but when it's all said and done, there are very few new concepts that come out.   I like that the author wants to change the way we look at things and make them more transparent, but unfortunately he just can't seem to make it happen. He's so afraid to admit when he's wrong that I'm left wondering what the hell happened.   The main idea is that we don't always know what's really going on and when we look back on events in our life, we may not even remember them at all.  , I know that's a very strong statement, but you can't be more wrong. Yes, we're not perfect, but we've all been there. Sometimes we have to learn things about ourselves that we thought we knew. The world is a lot stranger than we realize, and sometimes it's hard to admit to ourselves that maybe we just need to get a little bit better at looking at the world as it really is.is very hard to put down. I'm sorry I didn't give it a 5 star rating, but there just is not enough to this book to get my 5 stars. I'll definitely be looking to re-read it when I have more time to spend on it, but I can't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________   The author of this book is a little slow to develop characters, and this is not an accident. She is very careful not to make them too "unsympathetic", and then when they are they are usually either unsympathetically unlikable or they're just boring. I thought the first few chapters were okay, and then as I got deeper into the story I began to find it quite hard to keep reading. She doesn't have a very good plot or interesting character development, and I find her characters boring and unsymmetrical. They seem to have no real motivation, no real reasons to care about them. I think I should have expected this, but I expected a better author to have a better book.   I've heard that the author is a good writer, but her writing isn't as strong as some other writers I've read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. It's the same problem with the movie. The book is a complete work of fiction. I've read it several times and the story is amazing, but there's so much crap in the book. It really does take up a large portion of the book, which is a problem in a book. The author's opinions on the subject matter of the novel are so far off that it's hard to understand why the author would even bother to write the book in the first place.  I think that this book is just an excuse to tell a story that the author really doesn't care about. .    I have never been a big fan of the movie, but I have to admit that I liked it quite a bit. I'm not really a fan of romance, and that's probably why I really enjoyed the movie as much as I did. I guess I'm a sucker for a good, long romance, but that's a rarity in my books. The movie was actually written by another author, but the main character was based on the author of the first book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not well written. I am a fan of the book and am pleased with the purchase but the book is just bad. It has no real plot and has no character development. The plot involves a character who has the power to travel through time and to change events. He goes back in time to save his friend who was killed in a car accident. This time he goes back to the wrong time, the death of a child. When he returns to the time he has gone to in order to save the child, the event happens. It is obvious that this was all a mistake, as the character in the book was obviously a genius. But this time the character does not make it. He spends most of the time just running around. And even when he has some action, he does not act as a genius should. He just does what any normal person would do and that is save a child from danger. The characters all are annoying, and the main character is so annoying that I did not want to read another book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ I read this book on a whim while on a book club and didn't like it at all. I know that the author is a popular author, but this book doesn't deserve the success it got from the hype.   It's all about the characters and they all seem pretty shallow. You want to like them, but they're all really shallow and shallow people have nothing to offer. I don't know if it's the story line that is the problem, or the author's writing style, or both, but none of them were good enough for me. The author has a habit of using all the main characters for a plot.   (hide spoiler)] [ She doesn't seem to be a very nice person either, so she must have some dark motives. But it seems like the author was just using them for plot convenience. She seems to have little respect for the human race, so I think it is really disappointing. [ But she does love to read. Not only that, but she seems to really like the things she reads. But then again, I guess she is just being nice because she is a nice person. [ I didn't really like how the author used the names of some people she was writing about. I found it odd, and I couldn't really find the source of the information. I guess it was just the author wanting to put all the good characters in the book. (hide spoilers)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The worst book I've read in a very long time. It is so horrible and it should not have been published. The first 5 or so pages were a little fun.  I really enjoyed it, and found it a good read, but then it got worse. I'm very disappointed in this book, and I can't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am disappointed. I bought this book thinking it would be a good book to read on my flight. It was a little more dry than I expected and it didn't help that the narrator seemed so off. There was also a lot of technical mumbo jumbo that I had trouble understanding, but it did not stop me from reading the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a terrible book, but it's also a really funny book.  My friend's dad liked it, so I gave it a try.    The book's title refers to the story of a young woman's experience with a bad boyfriend, so it's pretty clear this is a comedy.    The narrator has a weirdly high voice that's completely out of place.  There are some things about this story that seem really hard to believe, but I'll try to keep this review short.  After her boyfriend breaks up with her, he says that he's going to propose to her in a few days.  He sends her some gifts, and she refuses them because he didn't promise that he'd propose on the date he said he would.  This is the first time she's been rejected, and it's a bit upsetting.  When she tells him that she'll be able to accept any kind of proposal on a date, he breaks up and she's devastated.  Then a few months later, she sees a book on the floor of a bookstore and sees a picture of a man on the cover.  The book was called, "I'm a big fat liar."  He writes a lot of fake stories in the book, and he invites her to his apartment to see if she'd like to hear them.  It turns out that this guy is very attractive and the book was actually a book about how to convince women that they're attracted to a guy and will give him sex if they don't do what they want.  Unfortunately, this guy wasn't very good at his job, and his stories always made her laugh.  So she decides to go out with him, and when they go out, he tries to convince her to have sex with him by saying that he'll be on her back and they'll both be naked.  But she just won't do it.  I found it kind of weird that she couldn't be bothered to try to convince him to come to bed with her.  Now that he doesn't seem to be a bad guy, maybe I'll think twice before doing anything like that. The first half of the book is basically a collection of stories, but the second half is a collection called "You've Got a Friend."  This book is actually pretty good.  A lot of the stories are funny, and some are a little bit creepy, but they are all funny.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________   This book is a total disappointment to me, and in no way does it do anything to improve my knowledge or understanding of the world. There are some good points, but a lot of them are about how the world works, which is fine as far as it goes, but it's too late to change the world so that it works better for me, so it's pointless and annoying. The world-building is completely unrealistic and not very believable. The characters are too perfect, and the only thing they have in common is that they are all incredibly stupid. I really wish that I could give this book 0 stars, but I don't know how I can. I just think it's a poor book. I'm glad that I read it though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________. The book was just awful. I mean, it's not even a novel. The story is not that good, and the characters are awful. You know why? Because the author was a lazy writer, and he put his ego before his work. He wanted to write about something he really loved, so he chose the worst way to write. The whole book is just a bunch of filler, and there is no way I could finish it. If you are a fan of Stephen King and horror, you'll be disappointed by this book. If not, then you'll find a boring book that will keep you entertained for a little while.  3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I was disappointed in this book as the author does not know the basics of the book he's writing about."  That's all well and good, but if you don't know what the book is about you can't understand why anyone would buy it.  I'm not sure if the author is an idiot, a liar, or both, but it doesn't matter. ___________________________________________________________ I loved this book!  It has all the right ingredients to be a great novel: a hero (a man who was raised in a very strict family, so strict that he never learned to read and didn't know his own age until he was 14) who is forced to go to a strange town (where he meets his first girlfriend and her parents, and they make an odd pair, because her parents are married and her mother is in jail) because of his father's health and the father is being sued for the death of a child.  That is the plot.    I can't remember how the plot is supposed to go, but the story is well-told and the characters are very well drawn.  This book has everything I want in a book: action, adventure, adventure and adventure.  I'm excited for the sequel because it looks to be even better.    The book is available from Amazon (which is a bit pricey) and Barnes & Noble (which also has some great deals).   If you are a lover of adventure, action, fantasy and romance, I'd recommend this book to you!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst I have ever read. The author uses a lot of  silly and inappropriate phrases to make the reader think he is in a world that is not like the real world. I was very disappointed in this book. The only reason I got it was because of the positive reviews that it was recommended to me. I can't say enough good things about this book but I have read a lot worse and this is the lowest score I have given any book so far.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like this book, don't read it.  That's a fair warning.   I had trouble finishing the book, but I think I've come to appreciate it over the years.  If you like this review, please click on the thumbs up icon and share it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was excited when I saw that this book was coming out, but I am a huge fan of Tolkien's work, so I was expecting something similar to the Hobbit, which I think was the best book ever written about the Hobbit. I expected to be swept away, but instead, I found a few things that I liked but nothing that I could relate to. The only thing I could think of is that it was more of a love letter to Tolkien than an actual book about him, though that might just be because I don't know enough about Tolkien to judge it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is just a terrible book. It's hard to read. It seems to have been written by a child. It lacks any real plot or character development. It doesn't seem to have any coherent theme or theme that makes any sense. It reads like a poorly written child's book. I can't even say I enjoyed the book, because it's just bad. I mean, I know I should've been more forgiving of the author's poor writing skills, but the fact that I couldn't even finish this book is a pretty good sign.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you are like me, you have been a bit overwhelmed by the amount of new books that are being released every year.   The thing that has really bugged me though is that it seems that most of the new books have either a terrible plot or a story that is basically "How to not get raped by an angel".   When I think about it, that is about as good as it gets.  The reason why I haven't reviewed the book before is that I don't feel that I can.  In the past, I have been able to talk about my dislike of the plot of books by authors like Jennifer Roberson and Laini Taylor, and I've never been as angry about the plot as I am about the stories in this book.  I was also pretty sure that I would hate this book, but I just can't.  This is a book about a young girl named Sara who goes to visit her parents at a secluded cabin in the woods.  She discovers that the cabin is haunted, and then she gets kidnapped by the spirits and is forced to have sex with them.  It's a story about a girl being molested by the ghosts of her own past, but it also happens to be a story with a happy ending.  What makes this story even better is that Sara is an amazingly good girl, and she never once shows any sign of being a sexual being.  The way I describe this book to others is that you can't even tell it's about a rape.  This is a rape story, but there is no sexual assault involved at all.  One thing that makes this a good book though is how realistic it is.  There are a lot of things in this story that make me think that this story is actually happening in real life.  For instance, the ghosts have a habit of taking Sara's underwear when she's asleep and waking her up to have sexual intercourse with her.  Other times, they take Sara's clothing and put it on her. The ghosts also have a lot in common with other creatures that I have heard described by people like Michael Marshall Smith, author of The Changeling.  They also have the ability to see what is in the future and the ability (I believe) to manipulate time.  Their ability to manipulate their own time is the one thing that is similar to the Changelings in this novel.    I will also admit that
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is one of those books that is so bad, that it is hard to give it a bad rating. I mean, the book is just a giant waste of space. It is basically a collection of rambling short stories, and one of the stories is about a boy who's mother dies of a heart attack during childbirth. The rest of the book consists of a series of bizarre little tales about a man who lives on the edge of a cliff and another who is trapped in a room by a giant stone. They both have some sort of mysterious powers, but it's really hard to figure out what is going on. The only thing that I really liked about the book was the title. The title is one that I didn't know much about, but I figured that it would be pretty good. But it is so horrible, that I couldn't even bring myself to finish the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, and a good introduction to what I think is a very important and relevant subject, but I was not able to see how much of a difference it makes, nor how much I would be able to teach others about it.   For one, it's not a very good book about what I believe to be the most important subject in the world: how to live a good, meaningful life. There's a lot in there about how to build a good life, but the author doesn't seem to understand how to do it. I know that in the real world it's difficult to do something every day, so I know what he means when he talks about "hope". But in my world it would be impossible to do what he says.   is not only a great book, but a good one. This book is about how a simple life can be the best life. I am a fan of this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ The book was a great read. I liked it, but I'm not sure it's the best book I've read. For me, the plot was weak. The characters were shallow, the dialogue was terrible, and the writing was not always consistent. ____________  Read the first 5 chapters: _________________________  You have my attention and I'll be back to see if it improves.  I really liked the writing style of this book. I loved the way the characters talked. I thought the writing made the characters feel real. I also liked the way they were treated. The main character was just a little creepy, but the others were all well done. I was really excited to read this book because I was looking forward to hearing more about the characters and how they were raised. I didn't get to know any of the characters in depth, but there were enough of them that I felt I knew them well enough. I just wish they were better written. I would have liked to see more of them. .  on how this book should be read: This is a good book. It's fun and it has a lot of action. I really enjoyed it. I think the book could have been better though. I'm sure a lot more characters could have made a difference. I'd give this a 2.5/5. -Rachael
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ This book was a disappointment, I am sorry I picked it up. It has all the ingredients that make a great YA novel, and then a whole lot more. The characters are unique and interesting, the world is interesting, but the plot doesn't quite get going and there is a lot of cliche. I would give this book a 2, but it's still good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most terrible book I have ever read. It's the first book in a series (well, maybe the third, but not the first) by the author that I had heard nothing about before. I was looking for a good fantasy, and this one was not up to my standards. I ended up getting it on a library sale for a mere $5, which is a steal if you ask me. However, I am very disappointed in this book. The story is not interesting at all, the writing is terrible, and the story doesn't even have a happy ending. If you want to read about a dragon that wants to eat people, read "The Dragon Prince" by Michael J. Sullivan. That is the story of a good man who tries to help a dragon. This book is not about a good person helping a dragon, but instead a bad person trying to help another bad person. The only good thing about this book is the cover.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm really not sure if this is a bad or good book, but I really didn't enjoy it. I know it was supposed to be a "prequel" but this was just more of the same.  It doesn't make me want to skip the other books or even the sequel, but this one felt really long.  The world building is great but the main story wasn't that great.   This book has been on my "to read" shelf for quite a while.  It's not bad.  But I wouldn't recommend it to people who aren't really interested in the "prequels" or other "Harry Potter" stories. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The characters in this book are shallow and one-dimensional, the plot is lame, and the author has no business writing anything but the usual teenage melodrama and romance." Read the first 5 paragraphs of the book, and then come back and tell me I'm being shallow. You're trying to give me an out, you're trying too hard.  I'm reading this book and I'm not feeling shallow at all.  "We were on our way home from the movies, and we were passing through a dark, dreary neighborhood in a bad part of town, when a car pulled up to us.  It was dark and there were only a few windows.  A young girl got out and started walking toward us.  She looked like a tomboy, but she wore a dark-gray suit with a green shirt.  She looked to be about seventeen or eighteen.  The man driving her was tall, with dark hair and glasses.  He was smiling and holding hands with the girl.  I glanced over at her and noticed her breasts were very small, but they were still very firm.    She was still wearing her hair in two pigtails.  We both got in the car and drove off, and that was that." The girl is a tomboink and she is hot.  There are no words to describe how hot she is.  My only complaint about this book is that I wish I had a way to find the book's website.  If you want to read a good book about a girl with big boobs, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ It's a good book, but a bad one. It's the same story as many of the old horror books; a woman who is a survivor of a horror movie goes on a road trip, and is forced to endure some horrific, violent acts to get back home. This book has a few more twists and turns than most horror books, but it's still not that scary, or exciting. If you want something to read but don't want to spend a lot of money on it, this is a good place to start. If I had been more familiar with horror, I think I would have enjoyed it more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was very boring.   I didn't feel like I was learning anything new from this book.  It was mostly just a long list of information that was already available on the internet.  For example: "You will learn how to build a website using PHP and MySQL, a few different ways to create an HTML file and a way to generate random text."   It's also hard to find information on building websites, using PHP, and how to generate text from a random source.  There were a few things that were good and a few that were bad.  The good things:  One thing I liked about the book was that it's really clear how to use the WordPress platform to create a website.  This is something I could've used to help me when I was first starting out.  I was able to create my first website for $10 on WordPress.com.  Also, it's nice to know how to set up a blog and upload images.  Lastly, I was very happy to see a section on managing a blog.  One of the things I like about blogging is that I can edit my blog and make it as I see fit.  While this isn't always the case, it is something that I like to be able to do.  Overall, I'm going to pass this one by and just keep on using my old, trusted site www.sketchcafe.com  
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The book is very bad. The writing style is very poor. I don't understand how someone can make a book that bad, but then try to sell it. It is written in a very sloppy way. It reads like someone who doesn't know how to use a computer. The book was confusing and the grammar errors were bad. If you don't know the difference between a colon and a comma you should be able to tell that the author did not do his homework. I'm surprised that anyone is trying to sell this book. It was not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was pretty excited about this book. I thought it would be a fun, funny read with some really interesting characters. The main character, the boy, is a bit like me. He is not very smart but he likes to think and write. He loves to draw pictures and draw stories. He has a very laid back attitude and has a great imagination. The other characters were pretty fun too. I was really looking forward to seeing where this book was going. I think I'm a pretty logical person and I like books that follow a logical plot. The plot was not as strong as I thought but I liked the characters more. This is a pretty good book but it doesn't hold my attention very long. I would definitely recommend this book to people who like reading. I just wasn't excited about reading this book as much as I was the first one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ I was really excited to try this book because I'd heard so much good things about it and I was super excited to see a book I'd read and loved. The book is a good example of how an author can change his or her own expectations and be disappointed in the outcome. I liked the book's premise and the character development. The problem is that the book is just not all that good. I found the book too slow and predictable and the plot too one-dimensional. The author is so good at putting his characters in situations that make them think that they can't win, but they always manage to pull off some brilliant plan or brilliant plot twist to win the day. The characters are just not interesting. I think that the author is just really bad at making me care about his characters, which leads me to believe that the characters are too one dimensional. So many times in this book the characters just sit around and say "this isn't fun anymore" and I just feel like that isn't the book. The best part of the book are the little hints at the plot twists that the plot itself is missing and the surprise twists that were just left dangling. So if you like the book and have been looking for a good time filled with twists and turns, you may be disappointed, but if you are looking for something that is just a little bit different, this book is worth a read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book, but I really didn't. It wasn't that the story was bad, it was that the plot was terrible. I read through it in about 5 days, so it was very rushed.  It's a very generic "I am a monster" kind of story.  I was expecting some sort of supernatural, urban fantasy/horror story. Instead it's more of the "we are not alone in the universe" genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a very bad book and the author does not deserve any of the positive reviews. If you are interested in reading a great story that will keep you guessing and will give you goosebumps it is a must read. The author has a knack for telling a good story that never fails to give you that warm feeling of excitement. 8/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have the book "The Way of the Samurai: A Life in Honor of a Warrior," by John R. Kessenich.  This is a biography about a Samurai named Tokugawa Ieyasu, the 13th Shogun of Japan, who died at age 88, on November 15, 1610.  He was a warrior, a great warrior, but he was also a good leader.  A very interesting man, I believe his legacy is as a great leader and a great statesman.   I can see how he could be controversial.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about the samurai in the early modern period.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book because I was intrigued by the premise of the book: A "paranormal investigator" (he was also a skeptic) investigates a murder in a secluded forest and discovers something that looks like a dead body. The body turns out to be a young girl's dress. So he investigates a local murder that turns out be a murder of a girl who was in the woods, looking for a dress, but the murderer is a woman. He's been watching the woman, who is the one who found the dress. The whole story sounds ridiculous, but I really liked the story and the characters. I did have a few problems with the story. The first problem was that the protagonist, the "parasitologist," was a bit of a jerk. The second was that I didn't like the author's voice. I thought it was a little too dramatic and not believable. I guess this is to be expected from a paranormal book, but if you want to read a book that is just a little more believable, I would definitely suggest looking elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bad buy. The book is about a guy who is going through the same things he was in college, but it was hard to follow what was going on. I am a person who was in a bad relationship that I felt like I had no control over and I think that this book could have helped me. The author, Chris, is very sweet and nice, but his book is so short.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was good. It was good, but the way it was presented was poor. There were a few errors in the book, but not enough to keep me from reading it. I'm sure a lot of the errors were the result of the author's inexperience with the field, but even then, they are not nearly as egregious as some of the things in the previous books. I would not recommend this book to anyone, but I would definitely recommend the others. I'll see if I can find a copy somewhere, because I don't really like the idea of having to go out and buy books to read, but it's a good idea to do it anyway, especially for the author.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ I just finished reading a very interesting book. The author, James Gourley, is a graduate of Harvard, Yale, and Princeton. His book is a combination of history, psychology, and the political. In fact, he is writing from the point of view of the conservative movement. But, he does not go away from the facts. For example, he points out that America is a capitalist country, but that it has also allowed for a very large welfare state. He also points out, that in the early 20th century, Americans began to have a lot of trouble with "the Great Depression." Gourly describes the reasons why and also the actions taken by the Federal government during the Great Depression. He describes how, in the 1930s, FDR came into office and immediately began to take drastic actions to help the nation out. He then goes on to discuss the problems with the Federal Reserve System and how that played into the "Great Depression." His conclusion is that, for the first time in a very long time, the government is doing something for the people. The problem is that we are in a period of political dysfunction, but this book has given me hope for the future of America.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed this book, it was a good read, and I enjoyed the story. The ending wasn't too great, but that is a good thing because the rest of the story was great. I have the next book in the series but that story is not in this book. This book has some really good action and it has some good drama, but it doesn't end on a good note. The characters were very likable, but the story and the characters aren't very original. It's a good book, but I didn't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have not read this book.   I have heard the reviews and am curious as to why this book was given a star instead of a 3-star rating.  I read this one and it is pretty good.  This book is really about the death of a child in a horrible way, I am glad it was not about another child.  A good book if you want to know what goes on behind closed doors. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book will not make you a better writer." I didn't really expect this, but I was surprised at the amount of hype this book received. In the beginning I was excited, as I have loved many of James' books. I thought this would be one of them, but then the author seems to have run out of ideas. The main character has many problems and a huge ego. The world building is just ridiculous. I can't say that I am a huge fan of his style, but he is a genius when it comes to the world building. The only thing that I don't like is that he uses the same characters over and over.   I don't know why I waited this long to read a book about this author, I know I should have read it years ago, but it was well worth the wait.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I've had this book for a few months now. It's a nice read, although it isn't my cup of tea. I've got an extensive library on the subject and can see that it was a book that was meant to be studied in the right way, but I was not prepared for it to be this boring. There are so many things that don't make sense to me and they are all the same: the fact that the authors were unable to write an adequate review of the research is a big part of the problem; they were unable or unwilling to point out that some of the points made in this book have been made before. For example, they have made the argument that the problem of'social capital' is an important part of 'civilisation', and that this'social' element of 'capital' is not seen as important as the economic, political and military. The problem with that argument is that 'civilisational' is a very subjective term that can be interpreted in many different ways. It also makes no sense to talk about social capital in the context of the book because it is not really about'social', but rather about a way of life that has been maintained in many places across the world. I know that the book is about civilisation, but why was it only made available in German? I have to say that the author seems to have made this book available in English in order to make a profit, and not because she wanted to spread knowledge. The book is a great example of how a textbook can be used to support the arguments of the authors (if this is even possible in a textbook). It's just too bad that they are using this textbook as a platform to promote their ideas.   3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a bad read. The author was trying to make a fun read, but it didn't really work. It was boring and boring. I couldn't get into it. It's just too bad because there is so much potential in this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a lot of books over the years, and I can tell you that I have never read one that is as boring as this one.  This book is about the struggle that all people face, and there are so many stories about how it affects people's lives.  It's about people that are dealing with things that most of us could never even imagine.   It is about people who have had to deal with things in their lives that other people don't even think about.  It's about a group of people who can't understand how people would be willing to put their lives in danger over something like a good book.  This book is the exact reason why I hate reading about the struggles of people in situations like this.  I hate how they are portrayed.  People are so happy when they get a new book and think it is the best book ever written.  That is not the case.  The fact is, there are books that are better, but this book is not one of them.    If you are someone that doesn't read, then don't read this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I am not a fan of the series, and the story is just flat out not my cup of tea." Read full review at Amazon
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "He had a lot of heart. He had a good heart. But his head was a little bigger than his heart." -J.K. Rowling
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this one in 2012 and I hated it. I didn't like the plot at all. The story was a complete and utter waste of time. The characters were just so annoying. They all just seemed to come out of nowhere. And the ending was so weak that I didn�t even bother to finish it. The ending was just lame, I could have done without it. But the characters were the main reason I didn´t like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ******** I have been through many books that were so bad they were almost funny. This is not one of them. If you can't tell by now that I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan, then you should stop reading this book. It is so bad that I had to re-read the entire thing three times. I was disappointed that it was so bad. I don't even want to write a review because this book is just so bad, but I just wanted to say how disappointed I am in the writing. There are no words for how awful this book was. It has nothing good to say about Harry. I hated him. I thought he was the dumbest character ever created. I felt so bad for him because he was such a terrible person. I mean I don  I was in love with Harry Potter when I was a kid. I had no idea that he was just some kid who got caught up in a wizarding world and ended up with magical powers. I loved him. But I just could not see how someone could be so stupid to do such a thing. I did not think he was a bad person. He was a nice kid who had to deal with all the things that came with being a wizard. And yet he still acted the way he did. He wanted to help his friends. But then he gets caught up on things that really don't matter to him. That is just too much for a twelve year old to handle. The fact that I can understand how a person could do such things is what makes him so annoying. The book was filled with his stupidity and I hated every minute of it. It was horrible. I hate how the book made me hate him. It did not help that the author was very good at making me hate Harry. He is very good in that he really knows how to make me hate the character. I know he was bad, and I just cannot stand him, but he really is a terrible character. And he just made me despise him. He makes me want to kill him in every chapter. He made me feel sorry for him. Harry Potter is so much more than this. He's not just a dumb kid. He isn't just a hero. He doesn't just save the world. He also is a really nice kid. The author really didn't need to go in and make him so unlikable. I have no sympathy for him at all. I just hated him all the time.   
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________   I'm not the biggest fan of this book and am not sure I would have bought it even if I was a huge fan of the books in the series, however it does the job as a standalone short story, a good way to wrap up the story of the series.   In a nutshell:   The characters are just ok. Some are annoying, but all are just a little too bland for me to enjoy them.   "Grow up and take some responsibility!" is a nice bit of dialogue but it's not enough to make me want to keep reading this book.  ....
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I did not enjoy this book at all. It is very boring and a real waste of time. It was a waste of my time. There was no character development whatsoever and I would rather have spent that time reading a more entertaining book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am sorry I bought this book. I expected to enjoy it but I didn't. The story is poorly written. There is little to no characters development and the writing style is awkward.   In fact, the story is so bad, I am tempted to give it a zero star rating. I am disappointed in this book and the author's intentions.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was just plain bad. It took me a couple of days to read it, but the ending left me confused, as if the author is trying to convince us that the protagonist is good and all the bad things are really bad things in disguise. It just wasn't that clear. And, honestly, if I can't trust the narrator, then the book is not going to do much for me. I'll have to read another book by this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am so sick of these stories.   The first book was a complete waste of time.  The second book was just as bad, and the third book is even worse.  This book is not for a children's book.  I will never buy another one of these books.  And I really hate to use the word "f*ck", but I have to.   27 of 29 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm a big fan of the books of J.K. Rowling. I was pretty excited when I found out she was writing a book about Harry Potter. I didn't think I'd enjoy it at all but I did. The book is a very short read and very short on details. It's more a story about Harry than about the wizarding world in general. I'm disappointed that there are not more stories about him. There's a scene where he and his friends are sitting around the table in the Gryffindor dorm and all of a sudden Harry looks at his parents and is horrified that he doesn't have one. This is the first book I read after the death of a loved one so this is a bit of a bummer. I've never been a huge Harry Potter fan and I never really thought much about the other books in the series but I was a little excited when they came out and this was one of them.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really enjoyed this book. The story is well-paced and the characters are great. I'm not sure what I would have done differently to make it a better book. There were several scenes that were really difficult to get through. The characters were well developed, but I couldn't get behind a few of them. I think the plot could have been better, but it is a good story to start off with.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book as part of a group buy for a class and we were all excited about it until the last 5 pages when it became clear that this book was a rip off. There is no way that a book with a $25 price tag can be any good. If you read it you will know why I gave it zero stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love a good romance novel and was so excited when I found this book! It's got a unique plot, and I was looking forward to finding out more about the characters! However, this book was a disaster! I found the romance to be weak and unrealistic. The plot was predictable and boring. The characters were bland, and the story felt like it was just thrown together and never developed any characters.   I'm giving this book a 3 because I really liked the premise, but I found it to be a weak read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book after hearing about it on the radio. It sounds like a good idea - to have a book that gives information about the 'diseases' that the people in the community are suffering from. Well, it didn't help. First of all, the book does not say what diseases the people are suffering with, so I am not sure how it could be helpful. In the second place, it gives you some really weird sounding names - 'Hip Dysplasia', 'Arthritis', 'Osteoarthritis', 'Fibromyalgia' and so on. In my opinion, these are just pseudoscience, like a lot of alternative medicine that is out there. The book claims that these diseases are not real, but there is no proof to support this claim. I think that people should be very careful before giving out such information to the general public.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, but... the book is a bit too long, and the characters are so unlikeable that I don't think I'd want to read the book again.   It's not just that the characters don't seem to fit the genre, but that they just don't even try. The story is basically about a man who's obsessed with a woman named Mabel (whose name I'll keep secret) who is the last survivor of a tribe that was killed by the Nazis during World War II.     The story begins when a man named Jorgen and his son, Lenny, are on their way to find Mabel, whom they've heard is on the run from the Nazis. They are eventually caught in the middle of an adventure that involves the Nazis, the U.S. military, a gang of bad guys, a bunch of horses, a guy with a machine gun, and a bunch more horses.   the only good thing about the story is that Jorgens father and Lenny have to deal with a lot of problems at once, and it's a lot to take in.   I think Jorgensen was a good writer but the characters just didn't seem like they wanted to be there at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this in the same class as the first two. This is my second time reading this book. I had no idea that it was about to be a bad review. I really do not like the characters at all and the book just felt boring to me. I felt that I could have just read the book for the money but the book made me feel like I was reading a book that I would not enjoy at all. I am so glad that I did not buy this book as a present for my husband. I have to admit that I was just bored out of my mind and would have liked a little more action in the book but that was the only thing that I hated about the book. Overall I am glad that it has not won a prize for this book and that I will not read it again.  3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is predictable and it's just not as good as the first book I've read, but I still liked it. 5 of 6 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book you can recommend to anyone. I don't think there is a single reason to read it, but the book is so long, that it just keeps going on and on, not really making any sense, and just taking forever to get to the end. It is a really slow and boring book, and I think this is why I can't recommend it to anyone - it's just too long.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what the author is thinking when he writes that " The Devil's Advocate is the most thoroughly enjoyable book I've read in a long time."  It is certainly a book with some fun, it's just that the fun doesn't come close to the quality of the writing.  It's almost as if the author just doesn't care that this book is not a masterpiece.  The story is told from the point of view of a young man, William, who is on trial for the murder of his parents.  William is innocent and the prosecution is trying to frame him.  What happens to William is pretty standard fare, except that William is accused of killing his parents because they abused him, because he had the temerity to grow up and ask for the respect that all men deserve.  And then, when he gets it, he gets blamed for the death of his mother because his father was a violent and abusive alcoholic.  That's the problem with The Devil Advocate.  Yes, it has some fun elements to it, but the writing makes up for those elements by being so tedious that it just ruins the fun.  If you like your horror to be good, this book will not be for you.  I give this book a 1 star, but I don't think I would give it to a child, because the writing is so bad that I doubt a child could read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this in one day and i loved it. I just thought the ending was a little odd and not as strong as i thought it should be.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very disappointing book. It starts with a very strong and intriguing premise that is ultimately ruined by a lack of research. There are no sources that provide any information about the origins of the Krakatoa event. There is no mention of how the Kalkaska volcanic activity caused the collapse of the Indonesian volcano in the early 1900s. This is a serious issue because the event was an extremely dangerous natural disaster that killed about 3 million people. There was a time in Indonesia when people thought that it was a sign of God's wrath for their religious practices. It would be a shame if a book about this disaster doesn't at least mention that it occurred and provide a reasonable explanation as to why the event happened. There isn't a single source that provides the history of the event. The author also states that he has been able to obtain the original documents from the Indonesian Ministry of Education. I did not see any such documents in the reference guide I purchased. I am glad that the book was written in a more scholarly style but the research would have been better if the author actually looked for it. I feel like this is an extremely rushed book. I finished it in less than two weeks and was very disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like this book. I just didn't like the way it was written. The story and the characters are interesting. It was fun reading, but I'm not sure I'll be re-reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I really didn't like this book. I loved the other books I read from the author (she writes quite a bit of fantasy). But I think this book just didn't have the same "oomph" as the others. I can't say I found the book particularly exciting, and the plot itself felt somewhat contrived and rushed. The characters were really well-done, but I found myself wishing they had been fleshed out a little more. This is probably due to the fact that the author does have a very large amount of unpublished material to work with. I don't really know if the author intended to write a full-length book, but as it stands, I think it's safe to say that this one will not be published. I would recommend this book for fans of the author, but not for fans in general.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book. It's not even a very good book; it's just bad. It is a bad novel. I have been meaning to read this book for years, but I never got around to it. This book is terrible. The premise is interesting: there's a girl living in the suburbs, who gets a job as a social worker in a very large city. When she starts seeing a guy, she gets super depressed about it. She goes to a psychologist and the psychologist tells her to not get depressed about a guy who doesn't want to see her, but that's exactly what she is doing. The book tries to make the guy like her and wants to see more of her. But when he does, it's almost like she's a character in a bad movie. She wants to get back together with him, but she's not really interested. This whole book is a mess. The writing is not really good; the characters are uninteresting; the ending is not good. This is not even bad. This has to be the worst book I have ever read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book, it was fun. I enjoyed it, but the only real flaw in the book was the ending. It wasn't really that bad, but it wasn't exactly good either. I thought the ending was pretty predictable, but I was glad that it ended.  The ending made the whole book feel a bit disjointed, it didn't seem to fit in with the rest of the book.  It was a good book though, just not as good as the first book in the series.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was skeptical of this book from the get-go. I had heard nothing but good things about this author, but I was disappointed with this book. This is not a bad novel by any means, but it just doesn't click for me. The story is well-written, but doesn't grab me at all. I have read several good books about a person's first encounter with death, but this one just didn't grab. I understand that there is a small fee involved in this book, but if you're just looking to read something about the afterlife, I don't see why you would pay $3.99 for this.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  There is no such thing as a perfect book. Just the right book at the right time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was an interesting book, but not very useful to my current research. I found the book very difficult to read, as I struggled to follow all of the examples given. The examples are usually very technical and I found it difficult to follow the explanations. I was able to follow a few examples in the book, especially the one about the PAM and other memory training techniques (for example the PAS), but I struggled with the rest. For example, I was not able to understand a few points about why the P2 is not as effective as it may seem. Also, I found a few of the arguments against the PWM technique to be lacking in logic, or to simply not be well supported by the evidence presented. I would have liked to have seen a better explanation of why the techniques are effective and why it does not have to be PWM. Overall, this is a good book to have, but for me, I would recommend using the PAMS to help with your current research rather than this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- The book is a classic that everyone should read. Unfortunately, the book is not the only reason I have a bad taste in my mouth about this book.   I found the book very boring and uninteresting. The book starts off about how the book had a very negative influence on my life, but then the author explains how the author used to be a "bad" kid and then turned it around and turned it into a "good" kid. The author then explains how he made a bunch of bad decisions in his life and became a good person. The last chapter ends with the author explaining how he got rid of his bad choices and made a ton of good ones.   the book makes no sense. The idea that the author went to a bad school and then became a bad kid and turned himself around is so silly that it makes no reason at all for the book to exist. The character of the author is so unbelievable that he is really just a caricature of a bad person. It is hard to get excited about anything when you know that the character is so unrealistic. The story is just so dull that it would be more fun to read a book with a plot that made sense.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- A terrible book, and a very poor excuse for a self-help book. I could not get the message across the entire book - it was boring and repetitive, and did not really inspire me to become a better person. It is more like a list of things you have to do to become "superhuman". You have to be a good student, have good manners, don't swear, and you should take care of yourself. I'm sure there are other tips and tricks in here, but I'm pretty sure most of them were just more of the same stuff that we already know. I did not feel like I was learning anything new or useful, so I could have easily thrown the book away. ------------------------- (I received a free copy from a friend, in exchange for my honest review.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, but a little too long. I can't imagine why it was written in the 60s. It has a lot of great ideas about how people should live, but not enough time to flesh out them. I think it's better to start a series and then flesh out the stories. I really enjoyed this book. I feel like it could have been a much better book if it was a little shorter. It's also worth mentioning that this is a book about the life of a writer, not just a biography. I liked the idea that the narrator is a writer in his own right, but it would have been better if he had a more personal relationship with his characters. Also, I think that he could have done a better job at describing the various stages of his own writing career.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the worst book I have ever read. The main character is not only a bad person, but is also very lazy, and is just a very annoying person. She has no redeeming qualities. She is a very bad person. I hate her and I hate the book. This book is just awful. The only good thing about this book is that it has a very interesting premise, but unfortunately the execution is completely horrible. I would never buy this book, and the author is not a good writer.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The author of this book is a disgrace to the field of linguistics." Review by Kelli N. on February 14, 2015 :   The book is full of wrong facts. First, the "A" word is not a native word. It was a term used by the British to describe the inhabitants of Scotland and Wales. Second, there is no such thing as a "non-native" word. Third, a person is only considered "nonnative" if they are in a particular geographic area. The fact that most native English speakers speak English is not enough to make them "nonnatives." The "A"'s are also wrong. They are not "English," but Scots and Welsh. The only reason English words like "soup" and "beer" exist in a non-English language is because of Scots and/or Welsh. The author uses a huge number of "non-" words in her book, most of which aren't actually non-native. I counted about thirty. This is a great book for a language learner, but if you have an interest in the history of the English language, you should avoid it. I really like the book, but it would be a good idea to do a few extra research before you buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "An interesting book about the nature of language. However, it's too complicated for me to understand." - a reader in the comments "A fascinating book. If you are interested in the science of language, this is the book for you." - another reader in comments
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was great, the characters were well developed, the writing was fast paced, and the pacing was good. I enjoyed the ending and was surprised that the book was only 112 pages long. The only thing I didn't like about the book were the characters names. I'm still looking for an author who names their characters after actual animals. Also, I wish the book had a better ending.  It could have been so much better if it wasn't so confusing and ended at a different point. I hope you find the book enjoyable.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited about this book, and it was really exciting to read the story, but it was just a mess of a story that left me really disappointed.  There were so many holes and problems, I just couldn't get my head around how the characters ended up being so screwed up and not how the book began.    So much happened and it just left me wondering what happened to the main character.  I didn't think it was necessary to have the whole book be about a guy who just keeps on being the bad guy, but I'm not a huge fan of that genre.  I have been trying to work on writing more stories that have a bit more substance than just being a love story, so I will definitely read more of these types of books.  It was good, I liked the story and the characters, but the whole thing just fell apart at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of this book, but after finishing it I felt a little let down by the ending.  It was a bit predictable that it would be that way and it also seemed that it was written a little too quickly to me.  This is the story of a couple who fall in love with a new species of bird.   The story starts out with a bit of romance, but then it seems like things are going to be just fine and dandy with the bird. However, things take a turn for the worse when the couple is taken away to a research lab.  When they get there, the scientists show the couple a very disturbing videotape of a woman and a baby who have been tortured by a vulture.  This was enough to scare the girl and the boy, who are just babies at the time.  They decide to flee and hide, but one of the scientists is persistent and tracks them down.  It is here that the story takes a turn, and is something I don't think I would have thought of on my own. There is a really creepy scene involving the woman being held hostage and the vulture hanging around her house.  In the end, the scientist is killed, and the family finds themselves trapped in a cave in the middle of nowhere.  I really wish that there was more of a climax in this book because it would have made this book a lot more enjoyable.  While the ending was pretty grim, I really enjoyed the story and hope to read more of this author's works. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The world needs more books like this one! It's a fantastic example of how a novel can be written and told in a way that isn't just about killing and slaughtering. I found the story to be captivating and compelling, even though the characters and plot are kind of boring. It was a really cool book, and I highly recommend it!
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If I have one complaint about this book it's that I found the end of it a bit abrupt and it wasn't a very good ending. I don't know what the reason was but it was a bit confusing to me.   The good:  -I like the idea that these two are both human beings who get caught up in the bad situations they find themselves in and try to do the best they can in the face of those situations. It's a very humanist story and one that I really liked.   of course, I think that they both are doing the best with what they have to work with.  . I love the little things that are said, like the little quirks of each character. And, the little jokes of the plot that just hit home.     -The humor was good and there were some good one liners.   in my opinion, this book is a must read and I'll be looking to pick up the second book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is a story that is about how we should have been doing things in the 1980's, but didn't.  If this was about what we could have done, I'd give it a thumbs up.   Rating: 2/5 Stars I have to admit, I'm a big fan of Michael Crichton, I just didn't realize he wrote so much non-fiction and was so famous.  In the 80's I was in high school and knew nothing about computers.  When I was reading this book, I had no idea what he was talking about, and was confused as to why he was so interested in using them.  I'm just not sure what his goal was, other than just to make people mad. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The Dune  was a pitch for DUNE  the TV show. It sucked.   I was so excited to see that DUEL was coming back to TV and that Wynonna Earp  would be the next to make the leap, but it ended up being one of the worst TV shows I've ever seen.  The show didn't have the same appeal as the movies did, but instead it was just a generic sci-fi show that had a poor casting choice and a terrible writer.  If you liked the DUNGEON MASTER  series,  I would recommend this book to you. If you don't like the series (which I don't know about, I don' t think I've seen it), don't buy this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ My wife and I were both reading the book, and we both thought the plot was rather odd. The whole story is about two people who travel to the mountains to find the mythical creature of the mountain, and one of them dies on the way (they are on a hunt for a wolf), and the other survives and is taken by the creature. After this is said and done, we don't really get the point of the story. It's more of a weird book that tries to explain a lot of different things. The characters are pretty well written and the action scenes were quite good, but that's about it. 5 out of 5 stars   
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________________ It is a very good book and has a lot of good ideas, but it is hard to follow the reasoning of the writer. I have a very strong understanding of what is happening in the Middle East. My family members in the Arab world have lived through wars and the current conflict is far from over. However, the author seems to have very little knowledge of the Middle east. This book does not help. _______________________________________________  "A wonderful and well-written book."  The Book of The Arabs: A New History of the Islamic World by Michael A. Hoffman  (Paperback; April 7, 2008; ISBN 978-0-7223-7206-3)  Review by John M. Smith on June 10, 2008 :  This is a must read book. The author covers many different aspects of the history of the Arab-Muslim world. His book is extremely comprehensive, and it will provide you with a wealth of information about the Arab World. This is a great book. It is written in a clear, concise manner, which I appreciate. The Arab world has many stories to tell, and the author of this book has a great deal to say about those stories. The book also provides a wealth information on the world of the ancient Egyptians. The most interesting part of this books, however, is that it is written for an American audience. The Middle East is a subject that the author has studied extensively, but he has been able to bring that study to a broader audience. For that reason, the book is very interesting to me. The fact that it can be read in the U.S. is a major bonus. ____________________  ____________________________________________________________  I was very impressed with the amount of time and effort that went into researching this book. I am going to take the time to read the book cover to cover. If you like history books, this is definitely one for you. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to get into the subject.  Read a negative reviewer's review about this book:  http://www.bookforum.com/review/273827.html
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not bad but has some very bad ideas in it. There is so much wrong with this book it's ridiculous.  There is a great plot and the main character is amazing.  The plot was a bit off-putting as it didn't follow the way the book is written.   There was a lot of confusing characters and plot.  There was a girl who had a magical gift and was going to kill herself if she didn't get help.  The first book of the series was about her and this book follows her from when she first met the boy to when she got help from her friends.  It seems like a bit of a change of pace but the ending wasn't what I was expecting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book is a joke.   I just don't understand why the author decided to put this story in a book called The Bible. The author makes it clear that the characters are in fact in a Bible (or some similar book) and that the book is written as a way to illustrate the Biblical passages that he felt should be translated. However, the translation is so bad that it's really more like a parody. There is no sense of the characters ever having an actual Bible that they read in class. This is a really cheap way to make a point. The story is basically just one character saying one thing, or some one else repeating something. There are no other characters. The only other characters in the story are the ones who have some connection to the book or the characters in general.  , and it is not funny at all. In fact, it is kind of sad and depressing. The character is named Mr. X, and he is a Christian. He says he is the best in class, and that he is so great because he is very religious. But, he also says that he does not believe in God, because that would make him a hypocrite. And, then he tells the class about how his father left him because of this same problem. Mr. M. has no problem believing in a God who would leave his son, but he does have problems believing that there is a God, who would allow his father to leave him for a woman who was not even his biological sister. So, how is Mr. C. supposed to feel about this? The character also says in the last sentence that he was born into this religion. Well, what's with the Christian references? Why did they include this? It is really confusing.I have a hard time believing that someone who is trying to make this argument would have chosen this book as a source. But this book is very bad at trying to be serious. The book does try to be funny at times, but the jokes are not good, and not funny. It's very frustrating, and at times it really makes me want to throw this book out of my bookcase. The whole idea of the book seemed like it was put together for the purpose of making a point, but it does not do that at all, or even get that far. This book should have never been published.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to write a negative book review for a book that has a negative plot. I've been told to go read the book for myself instead of writing a review, but that's a waste of time. I like the characters and the story, but I didn't like the plot or the characters. The plot was so predictable I found it hard to believe that they were even going to make it through to the end of the book. I think the characters were interesting, but they didn't add anything to the plot and were annoying at times. I do think they should have had a better end, but maybe I'm being unfair to them. If I hadn't already read the last two books in the series I would have been bored by this one.  I don't like books that have a bad plot.  This is one of the better books in this series. It's a fun read, but it does have some problems. I'll start by saying that the author does a good job of making the characters seem like people that you would want to have a beer with. The author is good at creating a likable, but slightly boring group of people that are going through the same problems that the characters are going to go through. I liked the way that they all seemed like they were living in a small town that was on the verge of dying and trying to figure out how to get out of it. There were a lot of characters and they all had a lot to say about what is going on in their lives. The writing was good and the characters felt real. The story was good, but didn't make me want to keep reading.  The story has a very slow pace and I had trouble getting into it. It has a lot going on, and at times it seems like there's a lot that the writer doesn't get to. The ending didn't seem all that satisfying.  If you don't mind a slow, but fun, read this is definitely a good book to read.  It's just that it had a bad ending.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was awful. The writing is horrible and I found the plot really hard to follow. I was disappointed because the premise was great. The plot was interesting and I was looking forward to the ending. I am just a fan of the book and not a reader that reads for the plot. It was disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad book: **********This book is awful! It's so bad that I feel bad for the author. This book is just horrible, and I hate to give it 3 stars, because I think it's a 4 or 5, but it's really only worth 1 or 2. It's about a character that goes around town with a camera and a box of camera film, filming the people who have no clue what the camera is or what film is. The story itself is a mess, and it feels like the author just wanted to use the camera as a tool for her own entertainment. It was so bad, I almost wanted to give this book a 1 star rating, but I can't. It made me so sick that I really have to give the book a 0 star rating.I was expecting a good story about people and their opinions, but this was the complete opposite. The author has a camera in her purse, and she uses it to film people as a way to get the people to look at the camera. I've never heard of something so disgusting, so I can only imagine how sick people must have been to read this book. It really just reads like a bad parody of a good book, and not a real story. The idea is bad, the writing is bad. I hate reading books that have a camera that they're supposed to be a tool of storytelling. This is a horrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is incredibly stupid, and the characters are terrible. The whole thing takes a long time to get going. It's also just boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was boring and there was no plot. I expected more from a book that was supposed to be about "The Power of Three" but I had very little enjoyment out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bad read. There are several mistakes in the story, including the fact that he writes it as a mystery, but it's not a mystery. It's a book that has nothing to do with the mystery genre. There's no twists or turns, just a lot of "Who cares, the guy was a jerk." If you have any interest in writing, please don't read this book. I will give the author a 7/10, I don't hate the book, I just don't like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was disappointing to read about this. I'm a huge fan of the series and loved the story so I was looking forward to reading this. My biggest disappointment is that this story ended on such a bad note. I didn't really care that the book ended on this note because I have seen the movies and seen the book series. I have the book and the movie and I've already watched the movie twice, I've seen the movie a couple times and still can't get enough. I loved this book and I'm not going to waste my time watching the movie when I already have all the books.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is about a group of four people who are forced to play a game called "Nautilus". Nautilus is a game where you have to play as a human (not a nautilus) and kill a shark with a stick. The story is about three of the four members of the game and the game itself. The book is fun, and it will get you thinking about the things you would think about if you were forced to live your life in the same way.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This book is an insult to the intelligence of the human species. I think that the author (and the publishers) are simply out to make a buck."   (A) You're a stupid bimbo. The fact that you're a bitch to people who disagree with you is not a positive attribute to your book, you fucking moron.   B) I do NOT think you have the intellectual capacity to understand this book. I believe it to be a poorly written, badly researched, poorly edited book. There is no point in the book other than the fact that it exists. There's no meaning to the book beyond the fact it exists and is being sold for a buck.  , you're fucking morons.The fact that the publishers and author are making money off of a book that you think is bad just makes you a moron and a liar. You have zero fucking sense of humor.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ is an extremely bad book, and the reason is, for all of its faults, its very good prose. It is the prose that made me hate it. The prose is a mixture of very good and bad. The bad parts were so bad I thought I was reading the bad part of a book. It was really frustrating. The good parts were good, and made the book enjoyable. The only problem was the bad parts. They are just too bad. I don't know if I am too picky with my books, but if I were to pick a favorite, it would be this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________________I was really looking forward to this book. I had heard great things about it from my friends. I also like fantasy and science fiction, but was not too keen on the "science" in the title, as it sounded a bit like "science fiction". This book is more like a science fiction-adventure story, with a lot of action and some very interesting characters, who are a little over-the-top in some places. The book has the feel of a fantasy novel, with lots of magic, magic rings, and magical creatures, but without the romance and magical powers. I do like the idea of an evil wizard with a magical ring who's main goal is to kill all the humans on the planet. I like that the author uses magic in the story. The problem with magic in this book is that the characters don't use it often. Some of the scenes where they use magic are quite confusing and are not used well. However, there are some cool scenes in the book where magic is used. There are also some very strange scenes. The final chapters of the book are very good. This is one of my favorite books from the last year and a half.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is an example of what happens when a woman has the wrong ideas about feminism.  I thought the book was excellent and highly informative, but the author is just so far off the mark that it's hard to take her seriously as a scholar of the subject.  The book starts off by claiming that the "traditional view" of feminism is a "myth" and a "fable".    Then it goes on to say that feminism was "designed to help men".  What I find interesting is the claim that the author of this book is a professor of Women's Studies at University of Southern California.   When you start a book like this off by talking about the mythical nature of the traditional view of feminism, I would assume you are a student of the topic.    But no, this is a woman who has been in a position to study and teach the subject of feminism for a very long time.  Her claim that feminism is designed to help the men who want to "man up" but who don't know what to do is, to me, so obviously not true that it really is hard to believe.  This is why this book just seems so ignorant.  There are many books out there that will tell you about feminism in general, so you know what the topic is.  What makes this book so interesting is that it doesn't really talk about what feminism is, but just how feminism is being used as a tool by men who are trying to get out of their roles as breadwinners.  Feminism is about "choice" and women choosing to have their own lives.  The author does a great job of highlighting how men have always tried to force women to be a part of the "domestic sphere", and that they are using feminism to "force" women back into that "domestication" role.  She then argues that feminism and men are not compatible.  And that is exactly what is wrong with feminism.   Feminism and men have been trying to force men into domestic roles and women into "feminine" roles.  That is what feminism has always been about.  It has been about the subjugation of women.  I am not saying that feminism has been successful in its mission, but feminism has never been about "equal rights for women" or "helping women" - it has been all about making women feel that they don't have a choice, or that they
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________ This book is about a group of men who live in a town in Texas. They are a family who are basically a dysfunctional family but the book makes it sound like the father is abusive to his wife and son, and the mother is the perfect mother to her son. This is not the case. The book is very good in telling the family's story. The characters were well done and the story was well done. The author does give some backstory about the men and the town but not enough to really help the reader to understand the situation. _____________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ "I loved this book and loved the idea behind it. I have been wanting to read a story about an elderly couple who are having a hard time because of the way their life is going. I'm so glad I bought this book!"
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a joke!   It's an old joke by now. It was first written about a thousand years ago in ancient Greece and is a pretty well-known one. It goes something like this: a woman is pregnant and she's terrified she might not be able to deliver the child because her belly is so full of fluid. A doctor suggests that she might be able have the baby in a different way, by having it delivered by a c  This was a very good book. I liked it. It is not a perfect book but it's good and I like it.   The story:  "The boy was in the back seat of a white, blue, or green van with the engine running. It pulled up to the entrance of the shopping center. A woman got out of the van, looked around, and then turned to the boy and said, "There's a place on the corner with the best food, but it is closed. Can I walk you to it?" The boy nodded. "Here, take my hand. Come with me." The boy followed her, and the van began to drive away."   I loved this book. It's very old. The woman in the van is a good character. The story is told in first person and the boy is a boy. The ending was good.  , a kid with autism, who is about to enter school, is being sent to a special school because he is deemed "too autistic" to attend the public school. The special school is run by a man who doesn't understand why kids with special needs are allowed to go to the public schools. The man's plan is to have kids like this "diagnosed" as autistic. The kids are then taken away and sent to the "correct" school, a "non-special" school. There they are not allowed to interact with the special kids. They are not to speak with them. They don't have to have friends. They aren't allowed to play in the "special" play area.  . The teacher doesn't seem to understand why the special children have to go into the "non special" school and the teacher doesn;t seem to realize that he is going to put the kids into a special-only school.   of course, this book is fictional and the author does not mean for the reader to think this is true, or that all children with autism are sent to special schools. But
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The writing is a bit clunky and the narrative is a little too long (more than half the book is narrated by a person who doesn't really do anything) and that's a problem when you have a story that is mostly about the journey. But the journey is the real attraction, the story is just icing on the cake.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I liked this book. It's just not my cup of tea. I'm not sure what the author was trying to do, but I don't really see what it is. I mean, yes, it's a fantasy, but what about that? A lot of the time in fantasy, magic is used as a plot device, so why does the author have to write this stuff? I think the author is trying to be more of a traditional fantasy author, but the execution just doesn't work. There were times when I thought the book was going to be a great story. I don''t know what happened to the story.  In fact, I didn''t even really feel like it was a story, but more of an exposition. There are so many things that don'' t make sense to me. First of all, the whole world building. It''s very hard to get a handle on what is real and what isn''t. I could have skipped it if I was just going to read about magic. Secondly, there''s the whole plot to save the world from the Dark Lord. Yes, there are some good ideas in this plot, but they all seem so rushed that I didn't really care about them. Thirdly, the main character. Oh, the biggest problem with the main hero is that she is a fucking idiot. She''s just a very stereotypical princess in a fantasy world. She doesn''t really do anything right. And yet, she''s supposed to be so strong and awesome. I just don''T see how she''ll ever have the courage to do anything, but somehow she''d figure out that it''s all a big lie. The only good thing about her is her friendship with another character, but it''S just like the other two girls in this book - boring. I can''t believe that they had to make their characters like this. I didn'T like them at all.  3.5 stars. This is a very good book, but not my favorite. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________________________ This book was great, I love books about history, so I really enjoyed reading this book. I really did not like it, though. The story was very weak, and the author did a terrible job of explaining the events that led to the war. This is a book I would not recommend to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was ok. The book was a bit confusing and it just doesn't feel like it belongs in the series. The writing was good and the world building was good. The characters were all unique and interesting. I did enjoy the story but I wish there were more characters in the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book expecting to have fun, and to get a laugh out of a "horror" story about a man and his dog, but was very disappointed.  In fact, it wasn't even funny.    The book seemed like a rushed attempt to cash in on the popularity of the series, and while it did give us some cool ideas, the story just doesn't work.  I'm sure the author had a good idea about the horror aspect of this story, but he just couldn't pull it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of the original trilogy, but this book left me wanting more. I don't think this is a terrible book by any means, but it didn't make me want to pick it up again. I'm going to wait until I'm done with this series to get back into the series, and I'll probably avoid reading it altogether.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "What a waste of time, I'm not sure what it is that I read but I've just finished it and have no idea what I'm reading or why I'm being so disappointed." A really interesting read, that is in a way very similar to my other favorite, the Book of the New Sun, but this one is a little different. It seems to me that the book was just too long to be of any use, which was probably the reason that it took me so long to get to the end, but it is still an interesting read. The story of the Old Gods was very interesting to me, and I'm curious to see what comes next. I don't think the book will be for everyone, but for those who like fantasy that's a bit different than what we're used to, it's worth checking out.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. I'm disappointed with this book. I've read a lot of books on the subject, and this one is the worst one I've seen. I found that the author does not explain her reasoning in any depth. She doesn't try to justify her claims and I felt that she just wrote her thoughts. It was very hard for me to understand the author's point of view. I was also not impressed by the author as a writer. I had some difficulty following the author because she does not make a point of stating the reasons why she believes the way she does. I also felt that the subject matter is quite hard to get into, but that it could have been made more interesting if it was. This is a book that I would not recommend to anyone. It is not an interesting read and you will not be able to understand its contents.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of his books and this is one of my favorites.  The story has been told so well that I don't think I could have done it better myself.   The plot:   You are a young man on the run from the law.  You have an accomplice and you need to escape from an abusive woman.  It's a very fast paced book and one of the better ones I have read.  The pacing was great and the plot was a very complex and well executed one.  I loved how he used multiple perspectives to create this story.  Even the female characters were complex and complex characters.  This is a must read for anyone who likes good writing.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________"It's like an alien invasion" I have never read a book as horrible as this one. This book is one of the worst I've ever read and the worst thing is that the book was written by someone who is supposed to be a good writer. I feel bad for anyone who actually read this book because it was just awful. I hate that I wasted my time with it and I'll never read anything by this author again.  The Good:  I love the book. It's good and it has an original concept. It was enjoyable and it's good to see some interesting ideas in a fantasy novel.   The Bad:  The writing is bad. It isn't that bad though because the concept and setting is so original that it doesn't matter if the writing is horrible.  's story is about a world where everyone is born with a special talent. The author has written a book with such original ideas and concepts that I can't stop thinking about it. It doesn't seem like there is much of a story and that's what makes it interesting to me. , which I believe is a prequel, has some similarities to. The world is described in such detail that I really feel that this book could have been written by a different author, and I am so glad that she decided to write it.is a good read for fantasy fans because it is very unique and has many interesting concepts. The book has a very original and original concept and the author did an excellent job at writing the story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love this book. I have read some of the other books in this series, and enjoyed them. However, this one is just different enough that it is worth reading. It's not like a traditional fantasy book, where a lot of the magic and creatures are just cool and fun, not that there is anything wrong with that. This is more of a character-driven story, and there are a lot more personal stories than just magic. This one really does a great job of making you care about a few people. The magic in this book was just so beautiful and well written, and the world itself is just so much more fascinating than it looks. This was definitely a new favorite. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very excited about this book. The description and the blurb on the back cover were all so exciting!   This book starts out with a story about a girl who is going to a dance and ends up running into her ex-boyfriend. The two of them decide to get back together, but there are some problems. The story is about the struggle of a young woman to decide whether or not to return to a relationship that has become toxic.   The author does a great job at describing the main character and the relationships she has with her friends and her family. The author's description of the character is very realistic and the plot is very interesting. The plot was not a fan favorite. I do like how the author describes the struggles that the characters face and the choices that they make. I just found the plot to be a little too complicated. The ending was a little abrupt, but the author did a good job of making it clear what happened. The book did end a little slow. I did not feel that the author got all of the characters' reactions to the events and the decisions that they made. It felt like the author just threw in some events for a reason and then forgot about them. I think that the ending was done for a certain reason. The character that the reader will know is the girl's ex-lover, but I was just not invested in his character. I would have liked to see more about him.   of the other characters. I was not really a fan of their personalities. The protagonist was just an overly romanticized character. The friend who she falls in love with is just a character who is not that interesting. There are so many different characters and so little time that the readers spend with them. It was a very boring book. I really wished that I could have gotten more time with the characters and explored more about them than what I read in the bla bla.   I did love the story and did enjoy it. It has some great scenes in it. The characters were all very interesting and well developed. I felt that this book was worth the time I put into it, but it just did not live up to the hype.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The writing is not bad, it is just poorly done. I have read many of his books and they all sound like this one. He uses a lot of the same words, the main character is like an old man with a bad speech impediment and a bad attitude. There is no romance or drama, just a good book. If you can get past the writing and you like the author, you will enjoy this one, but if you can't, I recommend not picking it up.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a book about what happens when you don't listen to what your friends say. The main character is a young man who goes on a date with a girl who has a crush on him and doesn't seem to care. She tries to talk to him about it, but he doesn't care. It doesn't take long before she has sex with him. It's really not fair. The sex is bad, and she ends up hurting him, but there is no end to how she uses him and makes him miserable. I'm not a big fan of books that have a happy ending, but this one does not. I wanted it to end so badly, but it never did. It also has a few plot holes, but that was okay. I can't remember the names of the characters, but the sex is not a good description of what it feels like. I also have a few problems with the ending. But it was okay and I did finish it. I wouldn't recommend it to people who want a happy book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very slow read. I'm glad I got it in paper, but I really wish I had the electronic version! I did get a lot of the references in the text, but some were a little confusing. The chapters were very easy to read.  I didn't like the fact that the author didn't tell us who was who in the "real world".  It was just too vague. I found myself reading and re-reading the same chapters several times because I was confused about who was really who. I read it in one day because I couldn't wait to get back to it.  I'm glad that I did, because I didn The best way to describe this book would be a cross between Ayn Rand and a horror story. The story follows the life of a man who decides to leave his wife for a woman. His wife gets pregnant and they both become very upset. After his wife leaves him for her friend, he starts seeing her again. The problem is that she has a baby and the man's job takes up all his time.  It's so sad, because at the beginning I loved this book. It was interesting to read a book about a man leaving his wife to have a woman in the real world, but it's the fact this book has been written by a woman that ruined it for me. The way she describes the life, the stories, the plot, etc... all of this made it very depressing. It made me sad that this man didn't get a wife that would love him as much as the wife he left. It makes me sad because I really wanted to love this book! This book has a lot going for it. It's a slow, but a very enjoyable read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book in order to get a good look at the original and I was disappointed. The artwork is great but the story itself is a complete disaster. I didn't feel like I was reading a "bad" book but rather a book that was done poorly and had a bad author. If you are looking for a fun read for the whole family, then you may enjoy this book, but if you want to know why there are only 5 stars on the Goodreads review site, you're not the only one!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The main problem with this book is that it is a poorly written book. I had trouble following the plot and the dialogue was sometimes difficult to understand. The book was a bit too long for me to read in one sitting. This is a great book for people who like a good fantasy with a good plot and good character development.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- It's a pretty good book about a lot of stuff, but the author is a bit too enthusiastic in the description of the book and in describing the setting. ---------------   I liked the idea of a character named Tami who is the daughter of a prominent family of mages and who, in her childhood, was taken away from her mother and forced to spend time in the local orphanage. The story is a little dry, but not bad.   One of the reasons the book didn't work for me was the description that the world is based on "ancient" Europe. I've heard of Europe, but I haven't been there. I do not know why this book didn 't interest me.   for some reason, I had the feeling that this book was just going to be another "fantasy in the 80's". The "modern" setting and the magic system (which is actually fairly modern) is nothing more than a fantasy gimmick to make the book seem more "current" and "interesting" than it really is. There was a little romance in the book (in a way that I was not looking forward to) but I was left thinking, "that's not going to work for everyone, so why bother?" The magic system, too, is pretty basic and I just wasn't sold. It reminded me a lot more of a "sci-fi" or "horror" book than a "real" fantasy book.   I found the romance somewhat annoying, although not a deal-breaker for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a book I could not get into. I think it is a good book for students and teachers, but it is not for a general audience. I am glad I had the book and I would recommend it for students of all ages, but not for general audiences.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a really great book about the history of modern American literature, and one of the best introductions to American literature I have ever read.  It's very funny, it's very thought provoking, and it's a lot of fun.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A great story, but not well written. The ending is a little abrupt, and the characters are too one-dimensional to really carry it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not even sure if the author's name is actually George RR Martin or George RR Redcorn (I'm pretty sure I've seen it both times), but the story here is absolutely terrible.  First of all, the story is pretty bad.   The first 50 or so pages are very slow and boring.  The story moves slowly and not a whole lot happens.  At least, the first 50 pages or so, I thought I was reading about the life of some poor bastard that's being tortured in the worst way.  However, as the story went on, it started to get better.  One thing I did like about this book was that it showed some kind of love and caring for the characters.  It even showed them having sex (though in a rather awkward manner).  I guess I can understand that this book is supposed to be a fantasy novel, but it just seemed so contrived and contrived.  I don't know if the whole "love triangle" was supposed to make it feel more realistic, but I just didn't like the whole thing.  Maybe it's because I've already read two books with this exact same plot.  In any case, I was expecting a story about a poor bastard getting tortured, but instead it turned into a torture porn story.  And that is not what I was looking for.  It's a little weird that the author wants us to read a story that is supposed be about a tortured soul that has nothing but a sword and a shield for protection.  But I'm guessing this is supposed for an audience of men who enjoy sadomasochism.  As for the actual story, I just couldn't get into it.  There were a lot of problems with the writing, but there were also a few good parts too.  When I read the first few chapters, I got a really bad vibe from the author.  He made me think that he was a little too confident with his writing skills, and that he probably wrote this book by himself.  Luckily, the next few chapters are actually better. After all, there are a lot better fantasy authors out there.  For one thing, the author seems to have a lot more experience writing books about torture.  Also, the main character in this book had a much better attitude towards his torturer.  Unfortunately, the book was just too awful to finish.  My only positive comment about this novel is that I
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________  "The book is a great idea, but I am glad that it didn't work out. This book is like an old-fashioned version of The Bible. It is filled with stories of the wicked that seem to have no basis in reality, and I just couldn't believe how the author could make such bad mistakes. He said in his preface that the stories were true, but then he makes all sorts of errors. I guess that was supposed to be a good thing, but he made so many mistakes that I could not believe that he was telling the truth at all."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a good story, but a lot of the characters are kind of boring. The author doesn't make much of a story out of the whole group, they just have a bunch of different personalities, and are not all very memorable. The only one that comes to mind is Lillian, the group's leader. She is a bit of a spoiled rich girl, but the main character is really the one who wants to do good. The other characters are just there for the story to make them more interesting.  The book is very well written, and I'm very interested in the next book that the author is planning on writing.    I really enjoyed this book, but I would recommend it to a mature audience only.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who is young or a kid.  The author is very talented at writing characters, but doesn't write them very well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "You cannot change the past, but you can learn from it. I hope that one day we will stop talking about the past and focus on the present.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a terrible book. I can't even say what's bad about it - there's nothing bad about the book in the first place. The main character is annoying and uninteresting. I had no desire to read this book and I felt like I was reading a novel about the most boring character ever. This was a bad decision on my part and I have a feeling that my money will not be back from this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been using this book for years. I read it when I was in college, and have been using it in the back of my mind since. I've always wanted to read a book about an old man and his son, but I've never really found a good one. This book is one of the few good ones I've found. I enjoyed the story, the characters, and the humor. I'm looking forward to reading more of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The last 5-10 pages were the worst    -  The last 5 - 10 pages of this book were the most boring, slow and painful read I've ever read.  There was no plot, no character development and no suspense. The author just kept telling the reader how good she is at writing, even though she just said the same thing about every book. I didn't feel the characters in the story had any real depth, or growth. It was all about the story and the author. I was sick of this series. I had to stop reading this book before I finish reading the others in the series. It is not a good read, I give it a 3.5.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________________ This is the first book I ever read that didn't make me feel stupid for wanting to read it. It was actually a really well written book, though I'm sure some people would find it hard to get through because they weren't as into the story as me. _______________________________________________________  The best thing about this book was that it's written in a funny, engaging and entertaining style, it makes you want to read on. This is a must have book for fans of the series, or just people who love a good mystery book. _______________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ I found this book quite boring. I was so bored I stopped reading at chapter 20. I really wish I had picked up a different book from this series. If you want to read a good series then pick up The Mortal Instruments __________.   What I Liked: _______ I was really looking forward to getting into the series with the new book. The main characters are interesting and the magic system is quite interesting. The characters are very different but I think they are both relatable. The magic system was great and very original.   the plot is not what I was expecting. The book opens with a bang but then slowly goes on a long, slow and dull road to nowhere. It took me way too long to get to the last few chapters of this book and I felt like I had wasted a lot of time on this book.     The characters are boring and there are so many plot holes that I'm sure this book could have been completely avoided if I would have known what was going on at the beginning of the book. This book was a complete disappointment.  , April 5, 2013I was really excited about this book because the last one had a lot to say about the magic in the world of The Mortal instruments. I have to admit that I was disappointed. The first book I read ( The Mortal instrument ) had very interesting magic. This one has a very boring magic system. I felt I could have learned so much more about magic if I had read this book at the start. I'm not saying this book is bad, I just feel like I could've gotten so much out of it if I read it at the right time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good book, but I feel like I would have been more engaged if I didn't have to read it from cover to cover.  I did read all of the short stories but I found the main character (a character I love) and his life so compelling that I just kept reading from the beginning, and then found myself missing the end.    The only problem is the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book because it looked like a classic. It was a lot better than I expected, and was a much more enjoyable read than I was expecting.  It's not for everyone, but it's a great read and I'd recommend it to anyone who likes the classic horror tales.  "But if you have been here long enough, I am sure you have noticed that the atmosphere has changed quite a bit. No longer are we greeted by the eerie sound of voices, the strange, creaking floorboards, or the stench of rotten meat. Instead we are greeted by a very different atmosphere. We have come to the place known as the Haunt. It is now the haunt of a different kind of monster...The Haunt is a place where people are haunted by demons." A few more horror/mystery books to add to your collection:   The Night Land by James Clavell (1981)  Black Cat by Robert Bloch (1955)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book, and, after reading a couple of chapters, I was in a bad mood. I thought, "This is going to be a boring book." And it was, but I enjoyed it enough to keep reading. The main character is a guy named Steve, who is an old man living alone, and who has a wife named Barbara. They have a couple kids together, who are named Steve and Judy. He doesn't have a job, and his wife is dying. When they get a letter from a neighbor who tells them they should move out because it's dangerous to be around all the crazy people in the neighborhood, he thinks that it's a sign from God to move out. When he finds out that his neighbor is actually a former drug addict, he finds himself in a fight with him.  There's not really much to say about this other than that it has a similar feel to "The House on Haunted Hill," but the ending was much different.  Steve is a very nice guy, but when he has a bad day, he doesn't seem to be able to get over it and move on.  He has a tendency to overcompensate for things he has done wrong.  It's a bit like "I'll see you at the party" with a different ending, so I would recommend that you read the other reviews before you read this one.  I liked this book enough that I bought the sequel, but it's definitely not a good one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very hard to like this book. There's a lot of bad writing in this book and the writing in general is terrible. It makes me cringe, like when I see a terrible person I can't help but laugh at them and call them horrible things, which this book is not. This book has a lot more good points than bad points, it's just not as good as the rest of the series. I'm glad that I read this, but not a huge fan.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I found this book a waste of time. The story is interesting but it has nothing to do with the book it is attached to. The only good thing about this book is that it was written in the 1920s and is about the time when the great depression was in full swing. I have heard that it is true but I have read it elsewhere and I still don't believe it. The author of this book says that this is a good book to read to the kids who have been told stories about the depression and how it affected people but they didn't actually have it happen to them. This book, I feel, is a waste because it does not teach them about the actual depression that they are going to face in the future. The writing style is not very good, and the story doesn't really make any sense. I felt that it would have been much better if the author would have cut out the part about the characters living on the streets of New York. I also don't like how he has them living on a boat but he has no idea how to use it. I will say that the kids seem like they would be pretty happy if they were in a home but it is clear that this isn't one of the books he would recommend for that reason. I would have thought that if he had written a book about the Great Depression that it wouldn't have included a boat. I don't see how a kid could read this book and not come away from it with an impression that they would like to try their hand at making it as a writer.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was awful. The writing was bad. The characters were terrible. The plot was terrible. There was nothing good about this book. This book was just a bad read. I'm glad I didn't buy it but I'm going to pass on all future books from this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book as good as I expected.  It was okay, but nothing special.  It was a good book for the first few pages, but then it just got worse and worse.  I don't think this is the author's best book.   I think that I would give this book 4 stars if the author would have made a few minor changes to the writing.    The writing was decent and I really enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very disappointed with this book. I was given a copy of this book at a book signing and it was very tempting to get a review copy but I decided to stick to the review and just say that I feel it is really just an overlong book about the concept of how a relationship should be. I would give the book 2.5 stars but I just could not get into it. I think that there were several very good ideas in here and I wish that it was more coherent, but overall, I felt like it was a bit of a slog to get through the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   If you're looking for a light read that doesn't get in the way of the action, this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good story and the ending was not bad. The main character is a bit of a bitch and I'm not really sure why she is the main character. I feel like her story could have been written better. Overall it's a great story and one of the most well written books I have read in a while.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "The main character has no emotional depth. Her husband and son are not developed beyond being caricatures. The wife is not really likeable and the husband is a bore. The author tries to make the main character likable and to have her as a sympathetic character but it is all so over the top that it is not even funny. The book ends with the main heroine having to take her own life and the author goes into no explanation as to why she did this. I don't understand why this is on the list but I guess that's what we get."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book. It's an epic story that I could never get bored of. It had a lot of twists and turns, which I enjoyed. The story is told through flashbacks, so you get to know the characters better. The world building is really well done. It felt real. There are some flaws, but nothing major. I think this would make a great book for a children's story time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a hard read to get through and is extremely boring. The characters are completely unlikable and the plot is boring as well. I have no idea why the author decided to use this book as a basis for her future novels. It is a complete waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a complete failure in every way. First, the author does not seem to have read any of the books she claims to be reviewing, or has even seen a book at all. She claims she read the book "many times" and "got into it" but this was not true at all - I didn't like the story at all, as I think it was written in the 60's. Second, the book's main character, the girl, is a terrible character. She's an evil character. Her main goal is to kill a young boy. She is not a good person. The boy is the only one who seems to actually care about her, and he's the only person who can save her. He is very likable and seems to be the only thing she has in life. The girl is only interested in killing the boy. Her only reason for wanting him dead is that she has a crush on him. This is a character who doesn't care about the consequences of her actions - she's a sociopath. Third, the only reason the boy is alive is because she "inherited" the boy's dog. The dog had been killed by the boy and she wanted to have the dog as a pet. It is a horrible book. If you like to read about serial killers, this is the book for you. The only reason I can give this a 2 star rating is because the girl is a nice character, and the author seems to have gotten some ideas from her. If the author reads her own books, I'm sure she would have more interesting books to write about.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book is one of the worst things I have ever read. This is not a review of the book itself, but rather of the author's writing style. I do not like the idea of someone trying to teach me to be a better writer. In my opinion, there are far better books out there that can teach you how to write well. I found this book to be full of grammar and spelling errors that were absolutely impossible to fix. In the second chapter, the author explains how to use the word "you", as in "he said 'You're so beautiful, you know that?' and then, in a much better voice, added 'I've been noticing you, and I think I'm starting to see what you've got there'." I do have to say that I do understand that using "you" can be confusing, but it's definitely not the best way to introduce yourself to your readers. I was able to put together my thoughts, and put them into a sentence I would like to have said myself. In this chapter, "The problem with the first two sentences is that 'you' is not the verb, it's the object. It's an object that is being used. It would be more accurate to say 'I notice that you're a nice person.' The problem with that is that it sounds like 'I don't notice that, I don't like you, but I'm trying to figure out why you're nice'... it sounds very defensive." In other words, "you are not the subject of a sentence" and "your" is a "you". This is an example of the writer trying to be clever, instead of being honest and direct. In Chapter 5, the writer says that it is "important to put the point across and keep the reader focused". If you want to write in a way that makes it easy for the reader to understand your message, and keep them focused on your point, it is not good writing to be trying to write to impress. In other chapters, the style changes to something that is more like a lecture or a textbook. The writer will use phrases like "There is something wrong with this picture" or "The writer wants you to notice the mistakes, but he wants you not to think about them". "There's a little more information about that than I realized" is not an example you want when you are trying to get your readers to think. In fact, I found it to be extremely
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book is a disappointment for many reasons. First of all, it's a "story". It's not even a good story - it's more of a long essay. The first half of the book is mostly just exposition of the background of the world - which is fine, but it really could have used more. I also found it to be pretty slow - I mean, it wasn't like the usual slow-burning epic - but I still wanted to get to the good parts. I found myself wishing it was shorter, because it was pretty dull. It's just not a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a work of fiction with a poor plot and character development, but I was impressed by the sheer amount of details I learned about the characters.  Also, if I were a parent who needed some sort of guide to my child's reading level, this would be a great choice. _____________________________________________________ __________________________________________________________ _________________________________________ _________________________________ This is a good book to get your children into.   
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- The story is a bit too long and doesn't have a good ending. I'm disappointed because it would have been so much better if the story was shorter. The book is a good read, but I would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm very disappointed in this book.  I really wanted to like this book, but I found the writing to be tedious.  It's a bit of a waste of time.  And, I had a hard time believing what was written about how these creatures had become sentient.  There were too many inaccuracies, which I'm not a fan of.  However, it's a book for those interested in the paranormal and aliens.  So, that's a good thing, I guess.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   I read the first 3 pages and was like:   "Wow... this is going to be one of the best books I ever read!"   That is an understatement. There are so many little gems to be found in this book, and I love that it is written in the first person. In the beginning I had trouble following what was going on, but I soon learned that the author is a very smart writer. He has a lot of interesting things to say about the human mind, and how it is like a computer, and that is just a taste of what he has to say. I hope to see a second book from this author in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this is a bad read. I really liked it. It was a lot of fun, even though it was a very difficult book to finish. I got very attached to the characters, but it's hard to like someone who is so cruel and self-serving. I have trouble with people who act like they are the best and then act so sadistic and selfish. It's hard not to root for the characters though, and I do think they are a bit of a love story in a twisted way. The ending was a little abrupt, but I liked the way it was written. I also like that the ending made sense even though I am not sure why the characters did what they did. Overall, I would recommend this book to a friend who likes dark fantasy. I would also recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the book series, or just likes dark books.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  In a nutshell, this is a book of tales that never really happen. I am not a fan of the book's style or content, but the story is entertaining and entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ I'm a fan of many of the books you've written, but this one was awful. The author wrote a lot of words and a lot is wrong. He talked about the problems of being a man, but not in a good way. I read about the struggles of being married and my wife and she talked about what she had to deal with in her life. She didn't have to deal, I have a wife who is a beautiful and talented singer. It made me sick. It's a pity. I'm sure she made some mistakes but there's no need to lie about it. I hope you don't get any money out of this.  I'm not a fan, but there were some very interesting points in the book. The problems are more of the cultural problems than gender issues.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited to read this book, and I thought that I'd really like it.  However, I'm just not that into sci-fi and fantasy.  I can get into it, but it's not my thing.  But I'm sure a lot of people are.  So I'll just say this - the book was boring.  It wasn't bad, but I just didn't feel like I was learning anything about the characters or world.  The characters were flat and I found it hard to care about them.  And the world, while interesting, didn't seem to have any real purpose, except the fact that it seemed to be made of random, unrelated objects.  If this book was written by someone who really liked the genre, it might have been a little better.  There were a couple of scenes that really made me angry, and that made me want to just throw my book across the room.  (I also thought that there was a bit too much sex in the book, but that may just be my personal bias.) 1/5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't enjoy this book very much. I found the plot a bit too contrived and repetitive and the characters not as complex as I thought they would be. The ending, although a bit abrupt, was satisfying and the last bit of the book did make me happy.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The premise is not bad, the world building is good, the plot is a little slow but it still gets interesting in the last third of the book.   I will say that the book does take a while to get going, even though the setting is in a world which is not exactly a world we're familiar with.   and that's what I liked about it. The author has a lot of ideas about what a society should look like, and it was fun to explore.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a good book and I recommend it to everyone.  But I wish it had been longer.    I wanted to be able to get in depth with some of the history of the game and the changes made in the game over the years.  The book does a good job of explaining what a board game is and is used in, but it doesn't cover a lot of ground in the way of the games history.  It doesn't really discuss the changes to the game from when it first started to when it went out of print and what has happened since then.  If it had only covered what has changed in the last 20 years it would have been a great book.  I had to re-read the book 3 times to make sure I understood what I was supposed to be reading.  There are also a lot more games in the book than what I think I was originally going to read.  For that I'm sorry.  Overall a good buy, I just wish the book had been more than 100 pages. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a very poor book. The story is weak and the story-telling is clumsy and poor. The main characters are two characters that you would like to know more about and they both seem to be somewhat similar in the beginning but they grow into their own and become interesting characters in their own right. The ending was horrible and the author's note at the end was really lame and pointless. The author's opinion on this is "I love how it's dark and mysterious but it's also very sweet and fun" I don't see the point of it, and if you're going to make a dark and depressing book with a little romance, why make the romance be so forced and forced that you don't have any control over it? I'm a fan of romantic comedies, but in the books I've read, they are always well-written and well-constructed and they never feel forced and they all end on a high note. This book, I can't stand it. The characters are not interesting, the plot is stupid and the writing is terrible. I didn't give this a three because it was so bad that I can see why a publisher would just have their authors write this to make money. What I Liked:   I really enjoyed the book and it is a good story with a great twist at the beginning. I can say that the ending was not very good and it doesn't have much of a payoff. I enjoyed it and the characters are interesting and they are not forced.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really enjoyed this book. I have a hard time enjoying science fiction because they often seem to be about technology and science that is already in use. But this book had a very original idea, and it was very interesting and entertaining. I liked how the author was able to show how it might look to live in the future and see what that would be like. I think that some people might be put off by the science, but for me it was really fascinating. The ending was a little confusing, but I think it will be a good book to read for anyone interested in sci-fi.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with a group of my husband's friends. They were just about to pass the book on to a friend for a friend's reading. The last page of the book was just as confusing as the last page before the book.  The book was a little too long and the book cover was a bit too flimsy.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- 1. The pacing is horrible. 2. It is not very funny, but I understand that there was no humor in the first book. I was expecting more from a sequel. 3. It doesn't explain why the main character died, or why he went to hell. 4. The ending is just sad. I'm not sure how you can make a good death scene without having to show the body (although there is a corpse in the book). I understand the main characters were evil, but a good book needs to make you think. The only thing I would change is the name of the main villain, as his name was not mentioned once.  Read an interesting review about this book: http://www.bookswithoutborders.com/book/s...  Recommended for fans of: The Dresden Files series, The Expanse, The Wheel of Time  Published by: Bookwraiths  Pages: 448  ISBN: 9781877991532  Size: 6 x 9  Buy on Amazon: http:/ /www.amazon.com  The Book of Demons   By: Robert A. Heinlein   Narrator: Peter Weyland  Premise: In the year 2134, Earth is still in the grip of a worldwide nuclear war. The Earth's population is nearly wiped out and the survivors live in cities called the Colonies. The most famous of the Colonists is the son of the legendary Colonel Robert B. Heinrich, known as "the Old Man of the Sky" due to his time in the U.S. Air Force and his mastery of advanced technology. Peter Weys is the first son born to the Old Man and a human surrogate. . I'm a huge Robert Heinlein fan. This is my second book from him and I'm definitely going to read more. This book is definitely one of the more original in his books and is well written. The setting is fantastic and the story is well paced. The main character is Peter Weydland, the son to Heinrich and a Human surrogate, he lives in the Colonist city of New York City. In the novel, Weydlaw is an intelligent teenager who has to deal with being the only one left from his family after the nuclear war destroyed all life on Earth. He has to learn to accept that he has to make his own way in the world. The novel is a
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is one of the worst books I've read in years. The writing is bad, and I'm not talking about the grammar. The prose is flat and uninteresting, which is a shame because it's not like you're reading a bad novel. The characters are uninteresting and the story doesn't make any sense. If this was written by a mediocre novelist, I'd give it two stars.   The premise of the book is that a family has moved into a new house and one of them becomes a slave to a madman. I guess this sounds like a very stupid premise, but it's actually not. The madman is an actual mad scientist who does things to people that no one else has ever done before. The novel doesn't go into much detail on this and it's the only real thing going for the book. I don't want to spoil too much, but the only reason why this book doesn't get a five-star rating is because the writing is so bad.   The book has no plot and the characters are just kind of thrown in there to make up for it. It's a novel that should be at least three or four times longer than it is, and the ending is just so poorly written.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is a poor read, and I do not know why someone would pay so much for a book that does not provide any useful information or information about the topic of the book."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was my first book.  I was so excited to get it and was eager to start reading it.   Then the last chapter hit me.  A lot of my friends are reading the book right now and they are loving it!   I am not sure how I feel about this book. I feel that it is too short to be a book and too long to be an article. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********I am giving this book a 5 star rating because it was fun and I found it enjoyable. The characters were well written, they had unique quirks and they all were fun to read about. The story did not disappoint me either, there was a lot of mystery and suspense that I enjoyed. This is the second time I've read this book, the first time I didn't like it because I wasn't sold on the characters, this time I liked them a lot. If you like the book then by all means you should read this one as well. I found the ending to be great and I enjoyed reading this one. If this is your first time reading a book, you won't be disappointed!***
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ "The best part about this book is that it's about people who have been hurt by the wrong people, not about the wrong things they have done. I just love how the author shows the consequences of being wrong and how hard it is to do right. I love it. The second best part of the book is when it comes to understanding the people that have hurt you."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last couple of times I've read a book that was about to go to print and there was a lot of buzz about it and I heard lots of good things about it I felt like I'd been short changed. This book was no different. The writing was weak, the writing was dull, the characters were weak, and the book was boring. It was really a pity that a book like this had to be made and I can't say I enjoyed the idea of reading it.  I also feel like this is a book of its time. It's the '70s and people are still being told they can't be anything but the perfect husband and wife. People are still doing stupid things to get ahead in life. I don't even like the author very much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book but I was disappointed. I thought this book was going to be about a woman who is having a rough time trying to deal with the fact that her husband is cheating on her with her best friend. But this is really about a couple who are struggling to make it work. The writing is pretty bad but the story is not terrible. It's not bad in the traditional sense but it is a bit cliche and doesn't have much in the way of depth. I have no idea how she made it past the first 20 pages but once she was past that I wasn't much into the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book did not do anything for me.  I have read about 5 books on the subject of the "Black Power" movement, and this one has the best chapters.  In short:  This book will not give you an understanding of the black power movement.    3/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of the way the author writes his characters. In particular, he has an aversion to writing female characters as smart, but not because they are women. He doesn't write a female character that has an intellectual or social life. Instead, he writes her as a ditz who loves to make fun of people and is always talking about how she's so smart and blah blah blah. It's the kind of writing I would expect from a high school girl with a crush on her teacher. And I hate that kind of book. The other problems with this book are that the plot is kind of pointless and the book is basically a parody of everything we know about the American presidency.  There's a bit of satire here and there, but it's all in the service of showing how ridiculous our political system is. I'm not a big fan of this book, but if you are, I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I found the book to be a boring and boring book." I can't say that I disagree with that, as I really enjoyed this book. The main characters are great, the writing is fantastic, and the concept is original, and fun to read. The world building is well done, the characters are interesting, and there are some awesome scenes in this book! Overall:   I really enjoyed reading this book, and recommend it highly!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A little too much action."  The action is the plot and it's the plot that's broken, but I did enjoy it.  And the idea that the main character (Brenton) has to be a part of a conspiracy to be the next leader of the United States of America.  The book is full of intrigue, and I'm interested in the main characters (who are all badasses) who are trying to figure out what they need to do next.   A really good read, with plenty of action. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ ____________________________ Read another review _____________________________ ___________________________ Read an anonymous review _________________________________________________________ If you want to read reviews on other authors' books, check out my blog _______________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book but the ending left a sour taste in my mouth.  The plot is interesting and it makes you want to see how it all unfolds.  However, the ending made me frustrated.  The whole plot revolved around a book that had a very interesting premise but was unfortunately not well written.  I felt like I was watching a movie instead of reading a book.   I wish I had read more from this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This is a well-written book that teaches that the Bible is true. It is written well, the author knows what he's talking about, and the book is entertaining. The problem is that the book teaches that all of the Bible must be accepted as a literal truth, and that's just not so. The author spends a lot of time on a couple of stories from the New Testament that he thinks show the Bible's inspiration, but doesn't discuss the other stories that show that the New and Old Testaments are very different. Also, the authors doesn't really discuss the history of the religion (even though the author is a professor of the history), so it's difficult to learn anything about the history. This book isn't bad, but it isn't great either.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring, and the characters are not interesting. I felt as though I was just reading another book by this author that was just going to be a collection of short stories. I would recommend this to a friend who enjoys short stories, but not to someone who likes science fiction or fantasy or even books in general.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I read this book as part of a class assignment and I was quite disappointed. I was expecting to be entertained but ended up feeling a bit bored. I felt like I had already read this same book a number of times before in different ways. There were some interesting things in this book, and I certainly enjoyed it, but I would have liked a bit more depth to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This is a good story but it just doesn't feel like the authors have any passion for the characters or the setting."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited to see the first installment in the series, The King in Yellow, come out, but I was very disappointed in the end. It's still a good read, but there were a lot of things that just weren't right. I can't say the same about the next book, The White People. I didn't expect much from this book, but this one was just bad, bad, really bad. It was really bad that the first book, I felt, could have been a standalone, but that was not the case here. The first book is good, but the rest just feels really out of place. There's some interesting things happening in the story, but a lot is left out, and the story doesn't flow. It feels like a disconnected series of chapters. It just doesn't feel like a cohesive book, and I felt like I wasn't learning anything about the characters. I mean, I did learn a lot about the different groups that were living on the island, but it didn't really fit with what was going on with the story at all. It doesn't seem like a real connection between the different characters that were all living on this island. It all seemed really disconnected, and not cohesive at all, which is a huge let down. I'm a big fan of Jack Vance, so I wasn  The King in Black  is a great book, a very dark and mysterious novel, but sadly, it just didn't click with me. The story was intriguing and interesting, but not in a way that felt like it could have worked as a standalone. I do appreciate that it was told through the perspective of a white man, but to me, the story just didn�t flow. I understand the story is told through his eyes, but in this case, it was just too much of a change of pace. I really loved the character of the man, he was very compelling. He was such a dark, but also kind of charming man. I just felt like the story needed to have a different, but still compelling, perspective. I liked the fact that the story was told from the perspective that the man had lived there, but maybe I just needed a bit more character development in the main characters. It would have been nice to learn a bit about the background of the different people that were on the Island, or at least the people who were living there. The last half of the book was pretty well done, but
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a very well-written book and enjoyed the story, though I thought it would have been more fun to have the character actually having to survive a zombie apocalypse instead of just going through the motions of being a survivor.  As I said before, it is a fun story, but it has a few problems.  First, the character development is very slow.    For the first chapter, the protagonist, the narrator, is not much different than she was in the first book.  I liked her character a lot.  Then, she starts growing, and her character is very much developed.  This is not the case for the other main character, the guy who goes through the whole ordeal, and his character is not developed at all.  They are the same characters but the two have completely different backstories.  Also, the two characters who survive the zombie apocalypse seem very different than the other characters, and I did not like the way they are written.  In the beginning, when they are being chased by zombies, the survivor is very aggressive and very cocky, whereas in the end, he is completely deflated and depressed.  The author also does a poor job of keeping the reader interested.  He does not keep the reader guessing as to what is going to happen next.  For example, we get a brief mention of the narrator's sister being infected by a zombie and dying, but we don't get to know her.  Another example, the story jumps back and forth between the zombie outbreak and the people who are still alive.  If the zombie epidemic was real, the survivors would have survived it, and if the apocalypse was real then the survivors wouldn't be around.  One of the things I didn't like about the story is that the zombies seemed too weak and could not do much of anything.  There was not much of a difference between a zombie's strength and a human's strength.  While I was entertained by the zombie story, I found the other stories more interesting.  Overall, this is a well-paced zombie novel, but I did think the author could have done a better job of developing the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are not believable, nor are their actions realistic.  I don't care for the character who has no real motivations other than his own lust for power.  This book was good, but I can't say it was memorable.   I was so intrigued by the premise of the story, but after reading the story I was so disappointed that I had to give it a 0. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ is a great book that explores what it means to be a Christian. The author is a good writer. I have no problem with her message. She was kind, she listened, and she made sure the book was useful. However, her book is a work of fiction. It is impossible to read the book and not come away with a very bad impression. She is a person who wrote a book that was very much in the style of a "how to" book. It has many sections that are almost like mini-essays. This is not the style that I have come to expect from a Christian author. If the book is for Christians, they should have used a Christian style to write it. It reads like a self-help book. The only thing that made me laugh out loud is the story of her mother's first pregnancy and how she made a deal with God to let her get the baby. I was sure that it was all a joke, but it was not. It was actually true. I did not realize that God was so kind to me in that moment. It reminded me of how a person might give up the whole idea of a baby being conceived if that is what they have to do to get what they want. She also makes fun of a lot of things Christians believe, but I don't think that this is the right way to do it. If a Christian wants to mock everything they believe, then they have every right to do so. If they are willing to mock, then so be it. However if they are going to take something that is holy and make fun of it, then that is not a good thing. This book is not worth my time or money. I will not read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________ "If you've never heard of this book before and you're a big fan of classic fantasy, then you've definitely got to check it out. It's not for everyone, but if you're interested in a story that's a bit more dark than the average fantasy, you should give this one a try. If you can find a copy, give it a read." ____________________________________________________________ "It's a shame that this book doesn't have a more positive reception. The book is very well written and is the first in a series. It follows the adventures of a young wizard who is sent by the wizard's court to a town where magic and technology mix in a fascinating manner. The characters are interesting and interesting characters are hard to find in fantasy and it is this that makes this book so exciting. This is one book I would highly recommend to anyone interested in fantasy or science fiction. It is the perfect mix and I can't wait to see where the story goes next. " _____________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this a 4.5 if it had not been so difficult to get. If you like good science fiction then this is a good read. However, if you are a science fiction fan, don't get this. If the author had made the book more accessible it could have been an easy 4. It was hard for me to put my finger on what it was that was so hard about the book, so I gave it a 4, but I could easily have given it a 5 if it were made more accessible.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I love to read, but I hate to get my head stuck in the sand.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The main thing I disliked about this book was that it felt like an overused trope. It seemed like the author had done it before and decided to go with it again. I understand that she had the same issue as me (lack of a good protagonist) but I would have loved to see her use a new voice in her books instead of writing the same exact thing over and over again.   I'm glad I read this because I loved the original novel by the same author. I'll give this book a 2 star rating because I enjoyed it and I did get a chuckle out of it at the end.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time.  I was really hoping to get some information about how to start a blog but instead found a book that is filled with information that is easy to find in the library or on the internet, but has absolutely no value to the readers.  The book is very long but the information is very shallow.    I have never written a blog in my life and I am not even sure how to use a blog (however I have used it).   The author does not provide much useful information on what blogs are good and bad and what blogs can be used to build a blog, how to create a blog from scratch, how blogs can work for your blog, and how to get your blog up and running. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a bit repetitive. There is a lot of talk about various aspects of writing. I don't know if I would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a deep technical explanation of the craft of writing, but if you want a good story told in a fast-paced manner, I can see how you might find it entertaining.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The first book I ever read was "The Catcher in the Rye" by J.D. Salinger. I loved the book but I have always hated the movie. I never read anything that is not good.   A story that doesn't end well, no matter how bad it is.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book really disappointing. The story is a bit slow and the pacing is poor.  It was so long that I found it really hard to finish it.  The only thing that kept me reading was the mystery element and the little details that were revealed about the characters and their motivations.  I really didn't enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is boring, slow and boring. This book is full of old and boring stories. I think that is the point, because they are old and they don't have a meaning. The whole book is about people who go to another planet and have to deal with the bad environment. The book was so boring, I wanted to skip to the end. Recommendation:   I don't know, but I think I would read a book called "Earth's Deadliest Children". I want to read that book. It will make me cry and laugh. I am going to try it and read it when it comes out. 4.5/5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "My friends and I took a field trip to the Library of Congress in Washington, DC. We went there for a weekend to read the books they have there that are on the front of the front cover, not the back.  They were able to pick out the most interesting, and we liked them the best, and bought most of them."  (J.M. "L" Johnson) "I've only seen this book a couple of times but it is the only book about the Book of Mormon I've read.  I think it's one of the most important works on the subject ever written.  As a former Mormon, this is the book I always recommend to anyone who is interested in the subject.   It's a fantastic work." (G.A. Smith)
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The Book of Life is a complete waste of money, and a complete loss to literature. - April 7, 2010I read this book...
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive aspect I can say about this book is that the title is a very apt description of the story. I do not care about the details or the characters, I care about how much of a good time I was having.  Overall rating:   3.5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "If you liked this book, I highly recommend that you do not read it. The only reason this book was even allowed to be published is that it was a great story and it is a story I could see a lot of people loving.  I have seen this book on a list of must read books in my library, so I bought it, but my disappointment in this book can only be described as terrible."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I found this to be the worst book I've ever read.   If you want to read a good book you should read a novel like, The Fault in Our Stars, or Gone Girl.  It is the story of a young man who is not the way he should be and what happens to him as he goes through life. I read the first chapter, thought it was a good story, and then I found myself reading the last chapter over and over again until I gave up.  I really don't want to say anything bad about the book, but I am disappointed and I can not recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ This book is a complete mess. I'm a huge fan of the Marvel Universe and this series is one of my favorite Marvel titles of all time. I have read the whole series and have enjoyed it. This is my first mistake and I have already read and re-read it. I think I'll never buy it again. The plot is confusing and the characters are all flat and bland. The only good thing about the story is the art. It's pretty bad but it's still really good. There is so much bad about this book that I really don't know where to start. I wish I would have waited until the next installment in the series to start it again, but that just doesn't seem realistic to me. I would recommend this book for comic book fans that want to read a good story with some good characters, but if you are looking for a good comic book that you can really sink your teeth into, then don't read this.  Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** It's not that it's bad, but it's too slow and it's just a bunch of things that were written in a hurry. This book is just too boring and it doesn't give you the feeling that there is a real plot to it. The characters are not well developed, they don't get anything interesting, they do not get anything done, the main story is not the real story. I'm not saying that the story is bad, it's not bad, there is good, there's bad. But the plot of this book is not so important. If you read the beginning of the book you'll see that there's a plan in place but it was not really used, it was just thrown in the book and then forgotten about. I did not like the fact that they gave so many people jobs and then just gave no thought to the consequences of that, I just didn't like that. If it's an action novel and there are people in danger I'm all for it but when you get into the middle and the story gets to the end of the story and the character's are no longer in danger what does it matter if there is an actual plot? It was just a big waste of time. I think the reason this book didn't get 5 stars was because I didn't find the story interesting and I found the ending unsatisfying. I would definitely not recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first part of the book was very boring. There was very little information about what is going on in the world and the main character was a complete and total wimp. After a while, the author made things very interesting and very exciting but then she threw in a new character (I think the new character is named "Ole") and it all fell apart again. She has created another book but this time it is a complete mess.    Review: 2.5 stars because it was a nice introduction to a wonderful world. I found that the characters are very well developed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a fun story, but it's just not my thing. It's not that I don't like it or that I have bad taste, it's that I've read a lot of books that are better than this one, so why this one? It's a good story but I didn't love it.  If you like the book, by all means read it. But I really think you should look for something else.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A good story, but the writing was horrible.  The main character was the worst in the book."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The plot was interesting enough and I really enjoyed the way the characters were developed. However, the characters in the book were way too simplistic and the world building was not well done.   This was a good book, but it could have been a great book if the characters and the story was better. I give this book a 5 stars:  This was an entertaining read and I was looking forward to reading more from the world of this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really bad. The story is told through the eyes of an eleven-year-old boy who is in a bad place in his life. His parents are dead, he's in the foster home, and he has some issues with drugs and other bad things that are happening in his environment. I really don't want to give this book any more reviews than I have to, because I don't really want to read another book that is this bad. I've read books where the characters are good, but this is one of the worst books I have ever read. The main character is very flat. The writing is terrible and I was confused about who I was supposed to be reading about. The book doesn't have any real plot or anything going on and it's all just a lot of talking and not much else. The only thing I can say about the book is that I wish it was a movie and I would have paid a lot more money to see it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  " This book is full of bullshit. There is no good reason to buy this book, other than to be reminded of a bad childhood, a terrible divorce, and a bad father.  I'm not saying I'd be a good father if I didn't have all these problems in my past, but it doesn't mean that I would want to raise a child with a bad parent like me.  " The whole thing is a terrible idea and I hope that one day the world stops pretending that this book is funny."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was a great story teller. But I felt like I was constantly on the verge of a complete breakdown. The story itself was very good, but there were many parts of the story that were simply ridiculous.  It was a hard book to read, but I really liked the story and wanted to read more about it.   12 of 12 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is very similar to the " The Devil in the White City " by Truman Capote, but the prose in this one is much more restrained, and it is definitely more enjoyable to read than the classic. The plot was simple and there were no surprises. But this book will be the least memorable of the series as it is too easy to get bored with.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. The premise of the book is interesting, but the plot itself is not. The book is not well written and it was hard to keep track of who the characters were, which ones were important to the story, etc. I felt that the author wanted to have a plot, but he chose a very odd one to do it with. The characters are very unlikable. I thought that they were all really unlikatable because they all were so boring. The only character who I actually liked was a little girl named Sophie who was a vampire and I liked her because she was just like the book, a kid who just wanted to be a vampire. The rest of the characters in the book were just like that. I liked the little girl who was also a vampire, but I was annoyed because she wasn't the only one. I was also annoyed because the author chose a terrible name for the vampire and she was the main character of the story. I know that a book can have a good premise, but to have the main protagonist's name be a terrible vampire name is just stupid. The best part of the whole book was when I found out the reason why the vampire was called "Bloody" instead of "Vampire." I will say that I liked that the vampire's mother had been a vampire before and that her blood tasted awful. That was really the only good part of this book and it didn't make up for the rest of it. I am not sure what I thought of the other characters, but there were really no characters I cared about.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a really good book that is extremely hard to put down.  The writing style is extremely vivid and the stories are so compelling that you'll be hooked from page one.  There are only a few parts where I couldn't really get into the story, but I found a lot of those to be just that.   The main plot is about the struggle of an old man, his wife and his daughter.  In this book, the family comes across a strange creature and they try to learn as much about it as they can.  The plot is intriguing and it makes you think about what you want to see.  This book is so interesting, you'll want to read it over and over again!  If you like paranormal and scary books, then I highly recommend this book.  I loved the characters, the plot, and the atmosphere.  It's a must read for anyone who loves paranormal and creepy books.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________   This book is a joke.   First off, this book was written by a man who, in my opinion, has a very unhealthy obsession with the female body.  .  .  and  He's a writer and I know he knows how to write. The book itself was a joke as well. I don't know if the author wrote this as a parody or a self-conscious parody or if he actually thought that a man would have to be a woman to write a book about her, but either way, the book is not funny.  - the premise is that women are only attractive if they're hot. There's a few chapters that talk about how women are beautiful when they're thin, but then they get fat. Then they're beautiful again, then they're fat, then fat again, and so on. This is in the context of a book called "The Bikini Body Book" where the author is trying to teach women to get into shape. In other words, the author has an unhealthy obsession for a woman's physical appearance. - there's a lot of jokes about breasts and buttocks. I mean, I know that a lot men don't care about a woman that much about her body, but to make a joke out of it? I don' t think so. The author also tries to make jokes out of how women feel about having sex. For example, in one chapter a woman tells her boyfriend that she has never had a man have sex with her, and his response is "that's great." In another chapter a girl asks her boyfriend how he would feel if a woman told him she has had sex with him. His response is, "I would be flattered. But you're still married to me, and you have to do what you have been doing."  - this book has a lot more humor in it than you'd expect. I mean, it's not really a book for men, but I'm not a guy, and I don t know if it would have been more funny if it were written by me.   - there are a few pages about men who have affairs with their girlfriends. They're described as "discovering themselves" and "the new you" and how great they feel about their new woman. Then the book tells you that the men's relationships with their wives/girlfriends have gone down the drain because their wives are just too
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   This book is a collection of essays that are quite a bit different than most of my other reviews. I had no idea what to expect from this book because it is just a collection, but I was pleasantly surprised. I'm looking forward to reading more from Mr. Brown.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very bad book, very poorly written, very confusing, very disjointed, not even a single character, with only a couple of minor characters to get through the entire book. There are a few interesting ideas in this book but it just ends up being a very boring, dull book. It's hard to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had a great experience with this book, but the book could have been so much better. I like the book, and enjoyed it. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in the subject. The information is in a great place, and the book is readable. However, I have one or two criticisms. The title,'The Secret of the Inner Workings of the Human Mind'is a bit misleading, because the material is really about the mind-body connection, not the mind. Also, there are a few very specific instances of how this mind-brain connection is not so good, and that's why they say the book has been "in the public domain" for a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book you want to start with. This is not because it is poorly written, although it does have some very obvious spelling and grammar mistakes. It is because of the tone, and the way it presents information, and it is the tone that makes me think this is a book written by an 18 year old. The language is not exactly easy to understand, and I can't say I am a big fan of young adult books. I can see why they appeal to kids, because as a child I read this sort of thing, and this was my first introduction to the genre. I was not a fan of this book, but at the same time I felt a bit disappointed. The story is about a boy named Jacob who is being taught the truth about what is happening in the world by a girl named Tessa. He is going to be able to change the world, by getting his hands on the truth. He gets in over his head when he goes to a school where people are using him as a test subject for the new virus that has infected the world. He has to find out who is behind this and what they plan to do with the information. It doesn't help that this book is written by a teenager who, I have to say, has a very interesting personality. I'm a bit confused as to why this book has made it so far as it has. I like young adult novels, but this one just doesn't stand up to the other books I've read about this sorta thing. It also seems to be the book that has been mentioned as being the reason why the author, Kate Elliott, has been placed in the middle of the "I am the monster" controversy. If you are a fan, you might like this book. If not, you will probably be a bit annoyed by it. It does have a good plot and some great character development, but it is not one I would recommend anyone buy. It may be okay for a young adult book, and is not bad, but I don't think it is something you should be buying if you don't want to be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This book is terrible."   In a nutshell, I can't say that this book was very well written, or even interesting, but I did read it anyway. The first 50 pages or so are pretty boring and the plot itself is pretty predictable. I could see where the author was going with it, but the execution was just bad. For example, one of the main characters, Dolly, is an ex-bitch who gets all the best clothes, the best boyfriends and the best sex, but when it comes to doing anything with her body she is a total loser. I am not sure why she would go out with a guy who can't even take a shower. She has her own issues with being fat and she is still so vain about it. When she is naked in front of the guy she is supposed to love and then he tries to make love to her with his fingers she says she is going to vomit. It just wasn't that great to me.   Overall, I would say that I will pass on this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is the first half.  As I said in my review of the first book, the pacing of the second half of this book is very uneven.  The main plot is that a group of friends are attacked by an ancient creature that they believe to be a man in a suit of armor.   It's unclear what exactly happened, but they managed to survive.  When they return to town, however, they learn that the town has been completely destroyed by the creature.  This would seem to imply that the creature is a "demon," but they have no idea how to fight it.  While the main plot of the book is a great way to start the book, there are some other problems that keep this book from being great.  First, I was confused about why the group of teenagers would be in this town, since they never seem to leave it.   It's like they're trying to escape something, but can't.  The other problem is that the main characters, Max and his sister Lily, are only about a third of the way through the book.  It seems that they spend most of their time trying to avoid the creature while it eats the townsfolk.  I found this rather dull, especially considering the main story is that of a young man trying to stop a monster that is destroying his town. Despite the problems with the main book, I found the world building and the characters to be very interesting.  In a way, this book reminds me of one of the best things about the Twilight Saga series.  One of the major points of the story is how the author uses the metaphor of a demon as a metaphor for a person.  For the main character, Max, the metaphor is not just metaphorical.  He is actually a demon, and his friend, Lily, is the monster, while he tries to fight off the monster.  What I found so interesting about this is that while the main protagonist is the demon, the demon is also the person, which makes the book both an exploration of Max's mind and his relationship to his friend.  Also, the other characters that live in the town are actually demons as well.  If I hadn't read the book beforehand, I wouldn't have been able to appreciate this.  Overall, this is a good book for people who are interested in horror and fantasy and like the idea of a "devil."  This book may not be a masterpiece
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- The title of this book is a little misleading as it seems to describe two things. First, the book deals with the history of the Jews. Second, the history is about the Jews in the modern day. What makes this book really interesting is that it is the story of a group of Jews in Europe who have been living in a constant state of fear of annihilation. The author, who is an academic, does a great job of capturing the essence of the plight of the Jewish people in Europe. This book is not a history of Jews, but of a people who has suffered and still suffers. The fact that it was published in the late 19th century is also a testament to the author's skill in capturing the atmosphere of the times. The book also covers the subject of Zionism, and the book does a good job of explaining the reasons behind the establishment of the state of Israel. This is a good book for those who want to learn more about the history and culture of the modern Jewish people.
Write a negative review about a bad book:      This book is a bit of a mess. The first 20% or so of the book is great. The second part, however, is the most confusing, confusing and uninteresting part of the entire book. If you've got a sense of humor, this book is definitely for you. If not, then you should probably give it a pass.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a good story, but the ending is a disappointment. I really wanted to know how the end came about, but it just ended with the characters running away and nothing really happening. I had been reading this for quite some time and thought it was going to be a solid book. Unfortunately, I found this to be just a really mediocre book. It has a lot of good ideas and it does have a strong moral message about the importance of having family and community, but as a whole, this story just does not resonate with me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The story was ok. The characters were interesting but the plot was boring and the book was slow.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is okay. I liked it. It's like one of those books that's good because you want to read it and it's bad because you hate it. The book does a good job of setting up the world and the history of the empire, but I felt that the world building was very poor and the characters had too little screen time. Also, the character development was fairly weak. There are a lot of "what the hell did you think you were doing?" moments. But it's a pretty good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book about a month ago and I have not been able to stop thinking about it.  This book was so bad that I could not even finish it because the ending was just so bad.  A few things about this book: 1.  The main character is named after a person.   The character is a young boy and he's the one that starts the book.  He has a really bad dream about his dad that he's really upset about because his mom is always gone and he has a very bad relationship with his mom.  This is a really short book so I would say it's a 2.  It's a very good story that I'm glad to read.  2. This is probably the first book I've read in a long time where I actually enjoyed reading it. It's definitely a fun book. 3. I would read more books by a certain author if I hadn't already. I like the fact that it's from a children's book series.  I like how it's written as if you were reading a childrens book. 4. This book was a very emotional book to me because I actually cried a couple times.  5. I'm sure this book has a sequel so I will definitely be checking that out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I thought it was a good read but was disappointed that I only got the first book. This is a great series but I hope the series continues. The plot twists are very confusing."
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- If you have read any good fantasy novels, you must read this book. This book is about a young woman who goes to the castle to try and find her friend who has been kidnapped. What makes this book special is that the author takes a completely different approach to writing the story from most fantasy authors. Instead of focusing on the hero, the story is about the villains. The story focuses on the villain, and what he's done and why. This is also the reason why this book has such a unique twist. It is not just a good story, it's a great story, but it's also a twist on a very well known story. I highly recommend this book, and you should give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________, I read the review below on Amazon. And, well, I'm not a huge fan of the style. I would recommend that the reviewer re-read the book first, before giving an opinion. It's a little confusing. If you're going to tell people that you don't like this book, just make sure you read it first! I didn't like the story or the characters in this book. It was just so bad. It just sucked. I'm going to give this book 3 stars, but it's not worth reading if you don,t like bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "There's no better way to die than to live dangerously"
Write a negative review about a bad book: ---------------I loved this book. The characters were well done. I was drawn in by the plot and the characters and didn't expect to love this book as much as I did. I have been wanting to read this book since I heard about it and was so happy to finally get to read it. I can't wait to read more from this author. :)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a big fan of this series, and the previous book was my favorite of the three, but this one felt so different. I felt that the author was trying to write a different type of book for this series and it didn't work for me. I liked the world building in the first two books and the way the characters came to understand each other's perspectives and understand the nature of the world they were born in. But I just didn't get the same feeling in this one.   There was a lot of romance in this book. I am not going to deny that, I liked a lot about the romance in the book, but I just felt it was a little too much. I just couldn't feel that the characters were really getting along. In the first book, the characters just didn the same thing and were very similar. In this book, they were a little more different and I just thought it was kind of a cheap way to try to make them more likable and to show how they really are different.   the other thing that really irked me about this book is that the ending didn't really add up. I thought that they were going to have a nice happy ending, but then they ended up just not having one. They had their little moment at the end, but it seemed kind of forced and rushed. I was really looking forward to the last two books in the series, but i wasn't really feeling them.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I bought this book for my 9 year old son because we had read it when he was 8 and I was surprised he liked it as much as I did. I found it to be a good read but my son did not. He found it boring and didn't seem to enjoy the story as much. He was also put off by the fact that it didn't have a happy ending.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ _____________ __________ ________ ___________... A very bad book that is a waste of time. A horrible waste of the money I paid for it. If you want a "how to write a novel" book this is NOT for you. I was very disappointed. I spent a lot of money on this book. I paid $20 for it and now I can't get it.  It's a good idea to have someone you trust to review your book before you commit to any investment. This review, I'm sorry to say, was very poor. The reviewer's grammar is awful, and her writing style is so clunky and disorganized that I feel bad for her. She seems to think that because she didn't like a scene, she must not like the book as a whole. She also mentions that she didn-t like the fact that the main character was a girl. I can only imagine how that would play out in the editing room.   I have to admit that I liked the book a lot, but the first time I read the book, I got all worked up about the main story. After I calmed down, I realized I didn't mind the plot, so I put it down. I also enjoyed the main characters' relationship, which I thought was handled very well.   of course, the problem is that the book is full of spelling and grammar errors. I have a hard time believing that a book of this type was supposed to be a "step by step" book. A book like this should have been written in one go, like a textbook. I would have given this book 5 stars if it had been an easy read, and it really didn't help that the writing was so bad. The only thing that saved this book is that it had a lot more good parts than bad. I did enjoy the character of Mary, and I loved the romance between her and her boyfriend, but I don't think the whole book is worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so disappointing I almost threw it out. I loved all the information and ideas in it, but after reading the first half, I was completely confused. There was no explanation of what happened to the characters and why they would do something like that. I didn't like the ending. I'm going to give the book 4 stars because I enjoyed reading it, and I think it has a lot of potential. However, I felt that it had the potential to be a great book, but was a disappointment overall.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book. It's like the entire plot is built on an overly complicated and convoluted plot, that I never really got a grip on and could not find my way through. This book has a plot that takes place in two time periods, in a parallel universe and an Earth, in which a war was fought. The main character, a young girl, is sent to the Earth to fight in the war, where she has to learn how to fight by fighting her own family. The world-building in this book is quite confusing, with references to things that didn't seem to be there in the other books. The character interactions are also very inconsistent. It is hard to relate to any of the characters because of the confusing plot and the characters' relationships. Overall, this book does not have a lot of redeeming qualities. 4 Stars This book was really good. I read it in a few sittings and loved it. It was good at explaining the history of the world, which was a huge plus for me. The plot is interesting, the characters are likable, and the author really wrote the world well. If you are a fan of the series and are in the mood for some good action adventure, you really need to pick this one up.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little bit skeptical about this book since I am not a big fan of YA books and I am sure many people will feel the same way about this one as I do. However, I read this book because it was part of a YA reading group we have. I have not read many YA novels, and so I wasn't sure if the characters were as likable as the author made them seem. I definitely liked this book and found it to be very enjoyable, but I didn't find it to match the hype of many others.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book after a very successful trip to a nearby city to get my wife a present. When I got to the bookstore I was surprised to see that the book I wanted to buy was no longer available. I was pretty disappointed. This book is definitely not a good travel book. The author spends the whole book going around the country trying to find a good motel. She visits the different ones and is never disappointed. The hotels are always crowded, the beds are dirty, the floors are filthy, the bathrooms are in disrepair, and the kitchens are very cramped. Most hotels charge for room service (and some charge for washing the dishes). It would have been nice if she could have mentioned that in the book. It would've been nice to have a little more information about what is actually going on in the hotel and what kind of things you should expect. There are lots of pictures in the back of the book but the descriptions are often confusing and out of date. I wish she would've kept the back cover up, so the information would be more visible. She also includes a list of the things she is bringing to the hotel (so you can find out what you'll need), but doesn't tell you what you will be paying for the room.   In the end I felt like I was just getting a good price for what I was getting (the book is only $8.99 and I can always find a used copy on Amazon for $8-$10). The hotels were all very nice, but I wouldn't consider them good value for money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book expecting it to be a nice quick read about a historical figure.  It wasn't.    It's pretty obvious that the author got a few details wrong.    The book claims that Napoleon was a pretty good leader, but he was more a brilliant strategist than a great leader.  He was also a terrible general, with no real ability to lead troops.  The book also says that the French had a pretty high army (I think they only had about 3 times the size of the American army at the time) and had a long history of war.  This is not true.  France did not have a long or deep history of wars, and most of the war with Spain was fought in the 1790s and 1700s.  It is also wrong to say that Napoleon invaded Russia, as this was fought after the Napoleonic Wars.  In my opinion, this book was bad, but not terrible.  I have not read any of the other books on Napoleon, so I cannot say whether this book is true, or if the author made it up. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love it. The characters are so interesting, and the story so good. The world building is top notch, and there's plenty of action. It was a great read and I can't wait for the next book in the series!
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   I was very excited to read this book. I read about how she used to work in a very large book publishing company in the mid 70's. She worked with a lot of famous authors, including the aforementioned Tolkien. I remember she mentioned how her company would often buy the rights to authors before they were even published. She would make sure that they got published before the rights were bought by someone else.   This is one of the worst examples of this. I don't know if this is a personal problem or just a common problem. The book is called "The Lord of the Rings" and there are seven books. In the first book, "The Fellowship of the Ring", she uses a LOT of Tolkien's names and works. In "The Two Towers", she does the same thing. She also uses names from "The Return of the King". I have not heard her name in any of the books since the publication of the book that she was working on at the time.   a good review: __________________  I read The Hobbit and The Lord of The Rings and the Silmarillion and have not yet read The Silmaril Trilogy.     Thank you for your feedback. It is very helpful. I'll take it from here. I was very interested in this book but when I started it, I was a little put off by the name of the author. I have a couple of other books by her that I don\'t think I\'ve read. It seems like she is just borrowing names from some of her other books to write her books. I will have to give it a chance.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I read this book in 2009 and I've had a difficult time finding a good description of the book, so I decided to give it a shot. This is a decent book but it has a few problems. 1. The characters are all stereotypical. In this book, the main character has no friends, so he has to be on his own, which leads to him doing stupid things like stealing things. There's also a few minor characters in this book who I couldn't figure out what their role was, so when they were in a fight they just jumped in without much explanation. They're basically just walking side characters that don't add anything to the story. 2. There are too many unnecessary "chapters" between the action scenes. In some scenes, the characters just stop to talk. In others, they go to a bar or something and talk about how their day was. Then, when the fight is about to begin, they just continue to talk about it. The book would have been much better if the book was about the main characters doing their own thing. 3. The ending. After about 50 pages, I'm done with the book. There isn't any point to the book after that point. It's just more of the same. 4. The language is bad. Not bad, just bad. 5. The artwork was okay. The art wasn't anything I wouldn't have liked. I just don't think the book really needed more artwork. It was good enough that I didn't mind it. Overall, I'll give the book a 6 out of 10. I don't know if it's a bad movie, but if you like the books, you should check it out. It may not be for everyone, but for those who like the stories, it's worth a try.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book for a friend who is in grad school. She loves science fiction, and thought this book would be a good introduction. I didn't like the way it was written. The characters were flat. I know there is a lot of science, but it was really just a way to put in a lot more characters that were boring. Also, the plot was a little off-track, as it seemed to be just jumping from character to character, while at times they had no idea where they were, or what they were supposed to do. Overall, I'm not sure if this book was good for a new reader. It was a good read for a long time, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who isn't a science fiction fan.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book was a real let down. I was really excited to read about the development of this one character. Then the book was over. The ending felt abrupt and it didn't seem like the author was invested in her character. The first half of the book had some great action, some really cool scenes and some really good humor. I felt like the writer was really feeling out what the author's voice could do with this character. I didn't see it. I feel like it was more for the sake of the story and the characters. I found it very disappointing. I don't want to hate this book, but I just did. I really like the series and I wanted to love it too. I just didn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "To make a long story short, my life changed when I discovered The Secret. Now, every morning when I walk through the door, I feel like I'm entering a different place."
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________ The title tells the story: "A Story of the Last Days" This is the story of a man, a couple of women, and an "unknown" man (the narrator is a bit vague about his identity but it is very clear that the "unknown man" is the father of all three). In the beginning, the narrator is quite skeptical about this man's claim of being a prophet and the story that he is telling. But, as the story progresses, he begins to question what he is seeing and what is being told. It is a fascinating read and it leaves the reader wondering about who is telling the story and what it is about. This is a story about the "last days" and what the future holds for us. This story will leave you feeling unsettled and worried about what is going to happen. However, at the same time, it leaves you with an uneasy feeling. It seems to leave the reader with a sense of uncertainty about what we are doing in this world and what we might find there in the future. The author, Joseph Campbell, has always been a good storyteller and this is a book that shows his skill at it. There are many parts to this story that will be left in the reader's mind and there are a few parts that I am sure will be enjoyed by all of us. The narrator's voice is so very human, he is a man and yet he has a voice so powerful and powerful that it leaves a mark. The story is told in the first person, and the way he narrates the story is very reminiscent of a mother or a father speaking to their child. There is a lot of emotion in this story, and it is not always a good thing. The characters are believable, the story being told is interesting and the ending is satisfying. This book is a great read and a good book to read at the end of the day.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been on this ride with this book for months now, waiting for the next installment, and it has yet to come.  It's a shame that they've had to be dragged out again, as this book is a bit thin on the science.  The book is not only disappointing, but disappointing for the most obvious reasons:  1.    The author's understanding of how to write a novel has improved considerably since his debut, but the novel is still very, very basic.  It is clear that he was not put through a good writer's program, and instead spent the better part of his career writing generic fantasy.  In fact, the plot is very similar to the last two books in the series, and while I love the world, the characters are a bit dull, especially the main character, a woman named Baela who is in love with a dwarf named Vardil.  The other two characters, Nielle, a human mage, and her friend, Elan, a dwarf, are also uninteresting.  For a fantasy book about a world ruled by magic, they are a complete disappointment. 2.  Their story is pretty much set in stone.  They're all on the same side, and they're all in love.  When they go off to war, they all have to leave their loved ones behind.  While it's a nice idea, it is very simplistic, and I don't understand how it would work out that way.  This is not to say that the book is bad, it's just not a good book.  Even though there is some good writing in here, I just don't like the story, and am more than a little confused by it. 3.  There is a lot of magic, but not a lot is explained.  I found the magic of this book to be rather annoying, and in the beginning I was really concerned that I was going to be spoiled.  First, it seems like every time I tried to do something, it just didn't work.  At one point, I was trying to summon a horse, and the horse just kept saying "What are you doing?  Why are you trying to do this? Why are YOU trying to bring a horse here?!  It's an abomination!"  At another point, there was a magical tree that seemed to be in love, but when I tried calling on the tree,
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a very good book. It's very well written. There's a lot of good information in this book. The author is very knowledgeable about a lot. He has a lot to offer. I can't say enough good things about this book!   As for the characters... well, they're not bad. I like the characters. They're well-developed and likeable. And there's not one I really hate. I think this is because they're human beings. They make mistakes, they get angry, they want to do the right thing, they have problems with other people... so they're all sort of likeable, in a way. And in the end, they all learn to be better people. It isn't a perfect book, but it's a good one. It doesn't do anything that's groundbreaking, but I think it's good.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ I am very disappointed with this book. I am a self taught musician and I have a very good knowledge about music theory and music theory related subject matter. I have studied the basics of music theory since I was a young age and I am now at the point where I know the basics and I can't put this book down. But I can say that I did not find this book to be very helpful. First of all, I was really disappointed to read that this book was so focused on chords, the chord progressions, and chords. While that is very important to learn, it is also important to understand the major scale as well. The book did have a good section on scales that was useful, but again, that was the only section that really helped me learn the major. The other sections of this book were so dense with math that I was able to learn the chords and the scale sections and just barely made it to the major (which is something that I am very good at) but not the chords. Overall, I felt that the content was very good but the book did not have the depth that I felt would be needed in order to really learn the music theory.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________________________ _______________________________________________________ "I was going to review this book as a bad example of how science works, but it wasn't a bad idea: it was an accurate and valuable example. The only thing I could say is that the book, as written, is not very easy to read. I could see how the author might be able to present it in an interesting way, but this book was not well written. This is a problem with many books in general, and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the subject, but not in a great way.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never read a book so frustratingly bad that I can't finish it. This is a great story about a boy who goes off to college to become a lawyer but his mother (whom he loved dearly) gets remarried and the boy must take on the mother's new husband's name. This book, however, is not about a good boy being bad. It's about a woman who loves her children and is forced to go against what she feels is right because her children are her life. This woman is a woman that doesn't want to hurt her children but she does because she can't stand being apart from them. This novel has an almost Shakespearean tone to it that is a real turn off for me. I'm not sure if I'd recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ***********This is a good book but for some reason my kids were not able to finish it. We all have different tastes and I do believe the book is good, but the kids just did not enjoy it. I don't know if it is because they were not excited about this story or it was not for them but we all enjoyed this book. I will give it three stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- The first time I tried this book I was very disappointed because I found it hard to get through. The story is good but the ending is not. I did like the character of the book, she was a bit of a nerd but she was nice. The author did try to make the book more like an actual story. I liked the fact that the book was written as if it were fiction. I don't know if that is good or bad but I guess it was good for me to read it. I think I would like the book better if the author had not made it so hard to read. --------------------------- 5/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ "I bought this book with the hopes that I might find a way to improve my vocabulary. Unfortunately, I didn't. I have been using this book and similar works in my classroom for years, and it's a big waste of time. The exercises are not only repetitive, they are also confusing and do not teach you anything." "The exercises are too difficult and not enough fun to keep the kids engaged. This book is a waste of money, and I'm sure the publisher would like to think it's great for kids, but I think it is a horrible investment." The exercises that were given were very confusing and didn't really help me improve my spelling. "If you are looking for a quick-and-easy book that will teach you some new words, this book is great. However, it is hard to see how anyone who is learning to spell is going to learn a lot from this book."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very boring. It's about a man who gets caught up in a murder mystery and his relationship with his daughter. I did not enjoy reading this book. It was like a book that you might find in a used bookstore. It doesn't have the wow factor that some of the other books I've read have. It wasn't that bad. However, I still wanted to read it because it had the word "horror" in the title. I found the book pretty boring. I can't wait to read the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at work on a plane. I had to leave the plane.  It was a total waste of time and it took forever to finish. I was looking forward to reading this book, but it was just too bad. I would not recommend this book to anyone, as it is a waste of your time and you will end up getting sick.  If you enjoyed this review, please take a moment to leave a comment. I want to know what you thought of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   If you like this book, you will love this book. I really liked it! It has all the things that I like: it's got a good plot, great character development, some good twists, and good characters. The only thing that is a little bit lacking is the ending. I liked it all but I think the ending could have been a little more satisfying. I would like to know more about what happens with the characters after they escape the prison. Also, the plot is pretty complex and it is hard to get into it. I am glad I gave it a try.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am not a huge fan of the Twilight books but I thought this one was alright. It has a couple of flaws but for the most part it was good. I was just a little disappointed that Bella wasn't the main focus but if that is a problem for you it can be overlooked.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bad one, but it is a good read.  The author uses a few clichés in the book, but they don't stick out to me.  The author does get the basic idea of the story, but he goes overboard and tries to be all over the place.  If you don't like the subject matter, you'll probably hate the story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just finished a book that I really liked, but I have two problems. The first is that the narrator is too much like a high schooler. I'm a little older, and while I'm not too bothered by that, I was kind of expecting him to have the voice of a guy in his early 20's. The second is that his description of the events is a little vague, and it made me think that there might have been more going on in this book. I've read a few other reviews saying that this book is similar to the book by Mary Stewart, but in that book, the events were a little less gruesome. That said, this book was definitely not what I expected. I can't wait to read the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was interesting, but not the best book I've read in a while.  In fact, it was very disappointing.   The characters were interesting, and the plot was interesting.  The problem was that I was left with no idea where the book was going, and had to start over again to find out.  This is definitely a book that should be read, but only if you really want to. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very sad how the world is becoming more and more like that. A couple of friends of mine have been looking for a good book to read lately and I think this one is a good one to start out with. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ This is a terrible book.  The authors are either completely ignorant about the subject or completely dishonest about the topic.  They don't even attempt to give the reader a good overview of the subject (or even a clear summary of what they claim to know).  If you're going to use the word "travesty" for your book, you should at least have the decency to give it a good review so that other people don't buy it.  I can't believe they've sold so many copies, considering they don't seem to know what they're talking about.  The cover looks like they took a picture of a cat's butt, slapped a "F" on the cover, and then slapped a star on the book to advertise it. I won't even waste time trying to understand the science.  All I can think is, if they've got a way to turn a buck selling this garbage, I'll be the first to buy a copy. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first book I ever read was The Last King of Scotland. It's one of my favorites. I loved it so much that I read it in one sitting. I really don't want to read another fantasy book. The author is very good at keeping the characters alive. However, I felt like I was the only one who enjoyed it. I would have liked to read more about the characters. The story was really long, and the author could have easily made it shorter. I don't know why they put so much emphasis on the romance. I never felt it was that important to the plot. I think I liked it better as a historical novel. I can't wait to read the next book in the series, The Queen's Blood.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was a bit slow for me. I did like the ending though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad this book exists because it helps me deal with the terrible, terrible people I see every day. I'm sure this book is written with a great deal of humor but, like all of the worst books, I am completely appalled by its tone. I am going to buy this book to make fun of its self-indulgent, childish, juvenile, sexist, stupid, and insulting tone but I will never read another word of this crap again. I will also be reading all of her other books because this one is a dud. 4 of 4 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is weak, the characters are too much like cardboard cutouts and the plot is cliche. The ending was also really cheap and poorly done. The worst thing is the ending where the MC and the main character (the girl that was kidnapped) fall in love and become best friends (even though they were never friends before). It was really dumb. If you want a good horror story and you like romance, you should read this book. If not, then it is not worth your time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a very interesting and well written book. I think the author is right about some of the things she says. This is probably the best book I've ever read on the subject of religion, but I have to say that the book's tone is rather condescending and patronizing to atheists. I don't like it when books like this assume that I've got a good reason to be an atheist, and that I'm somehow "less than." The whole book is written in a manner that implies that all religious people are morons, that atheists are all selfish and don't give a shit about anything.   If you have a problem with the book, just skip it. It's not that interesting, and I'm not going to read it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book back in January but I've only recently found it on my Kindle. I loved the first book in the series and enjoyed the sequels but this book is a big step down. There is very little in the way of world building and character development. I could tell that the author wanted to tell a story but instead just stuck with his characters. The characters are all very generic and the plot revolves around them not the story.  This book is the first in a series which is good but doesn't feel necessary to finish.  Overall, a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- If you're a fan of horror and Stephen King, then I'd definitely recommend this one to you. If you don't like horror and you don' like Stephen King's writing, I don't recommend it. But if you're looking for a fun read, then give this one a try.   I love how the author manages to mix horror with suspense in the same book, and manages to keep the book from being a one-dimensional horror story. The story has a bit of a twisted twist and the ending was a nice surprise.   was very happy with my purchase. I'm a big Stephen King fan and this book had a lot of great references to King's works and I loved how the characters had their own distinct personalities. The only problem with the book was that I found myself wishing for more!
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book is about an old guy who lives in a small town in the US and tries to get laid. I don't know what happened to him in the 50's and 60's, but I think he has ADD and was always being yelled at by his mom to get a job. This book isn't good because of this, but because the stories are so flat. It is almost like reading a book that someone gave to a friend with the promise to read it back to them once they were done. This author really should have done more research on old man sex in the 60's and 70's, because that is exactly what this book is. There are no actual stories in the book about old man sexual encounters, only anecdotes about how old guys got their rocks off in the 70's. There is also very little discussion about this, which I guess is a good thing, but there is also not enough in the way of discussion about the subject at all. If you want a good old man book that will turn you on to older men, I recommend this one, but if you are looking for a book about older men in their 40's and 50's getting a good time, this isn't it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you are looking for a quick read, this is not the book for you. It is slow, boring and confusing. I read the beginning and then stopped. I thought I could make it work, but it wasn't until I started again that I saw the beauty of it. I wish I could read the rest of the story, but this isn't the best story I've read in a while.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   "An excellent book about a great subject."   -- The New York Times   "...a brilliant, accessible and deeply thoughtful study."   in The New Yorker   "[a] compelling and compelling read...a book that should be required reading for all high school and college students."  : "A brilliant, engaging book."   I recommend this book to any and everyone. I would even say it is required reading in all schools. I have been a math teacher for over twenty years and I have had students read this book as homework before and now that it is on the reading list, I think it is a must read.   -Drew, High School teacher   The author, John Nash, has been involved in many fields of mathematics and science including: mathematics, chemistry, biology, astrophysics, physics, and the military. He is also a mathematician, and is a founder of the New York Mathematical Society. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1994 for his work in computer science.   and this is the best book I've read on algebra since I began high school.   a must buy for any high school student.
Write a negative review about a bad book:        The author is very good at writing and the stories are good. The characters are very well drawn, I love all the different people that are in the book. I didn't really like the ending but that is my own opinion. I also like the idea of the book being set in the 1920's. 4 of 5 stars I have read a couple of different stories about the American civil war. I read "The Longest Day" and I loved that book. So I was excited when I got this book. When I opened the book, I found a cover of the actual flag that was used during the Civil War. I liked that it had a nice feel to it. The book itself had the story of the war from the viewpoint of three people. The first person, one of the most well developed characters in the entire book, is the soldier. This person is really the main character of the story and she's the one that the story starts with. She's a really good main character, and I liked the fact that she didn't have any friends in the war and that she had no one to rely on in the future. This makes her really interesting. I loved her and I would have liked to read more of her story. The other two main characters are the women and I found them to be a little disappointing. The woman is very interesting, she seems to be the most rational one of them all. She seems to have a good head on her shoulders and she seems like she wants the best for the men. The problem is that she just seems very weak and doesn't seem to care about anything other than her own comfort. This is a real problem because she doesn't have much to offer to the men in the group. She can't tell them how she feels, so they don't really care. The only reason why she gets a few pages into the book is because of a good character design by the author. She has a nice dress that is not a boring dress but it's not very sexy. I think that her dress would look better if it was a different color. I do like her because she does seem to be able to get the most out of her situation. The last two main people are the children, the only one that I found really interesting was the little girl. She is a child in a lot of ways. She doesn't want to get involved in the battle and she is so much like her mother that she
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a terrible book, but it is a very good book.  I just couldn't bring myself to finish this book. The main problem with this book is the book is written from the point of view of a character that the author doesn't understand.  There are multiple characters that are shown talking and interacting but the author never understands how the characters are going to interact with each other.  I would have liked a little more of a history lesson on how the world came to be like it is.  This book is very easy to read, and that is the main problem I had with this, but I did read it anyways. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is well told, the author manages to convey the essence of what makes a good book without boring you to death.  I'm glad I read it though because the plot is not quite as compelling as I would have liked.  "I'm a good kid.   But when I was young I got in trouble for having a bad habit."   This is the kind of book that makes you wish you had a time machine to go back to when you were a kid and had this book in your hand.  You'd have a blast reading it, and the story is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am giving this book 2 stars because I read the book and enjoyed it a lot. The only thing I don't like is the bad ending. It was a pretty good book.  But if you read it to get the good ending you will be disappointed.  5 out of 5 stars Great book. Great story! I loved the ending. The ending is not the ending that I wanted to read. It just felt like it was a cop out. I really wanted a really good ending for this book. So I'll just read it again in a few days when I can. The story was well written. It is not a mystery novel but I found it interesting and I would recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time. I'm not a big fan of self-help books, but this one was just a waste.  Most of the information in it is just so... wrong.  It's about learning about the importance of good hygiene and having a positive attitude, which sounds great, but then he says you should be able to tell your parents you're fat because they know you're unhealthy.    There are so many things wrong with this book.  If you're going to write a book, you might as well not be a moron.  This book is so much worse than The Big Fat Surprise: What Science Says About Chocolate, Cookies, and What We Can Eat (which, despite my disdain for the author, is still an okay book.)  This one is just wrong. I read it and I couldn't stand it.  There's a lot of nonsense here.  So many wrong things that I feel like I'm giving this a bad review.  I mean, what do you want from a self-improvement book?  A good list of things to do and be healthy?  This is just a really dumb book, and I can't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ I loved the characters, but the plot was weak. It felt like the author wrote it to get a book deal. There was too much character development for the story. I did not understand the story or the reason for the things the characters did. I just didn't care for the characters. The ending was terrible. I'm sure it will get good reviews and it will sell well, but I doubt I'll ever pick it up.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is not a book for those who want to read about the paranormal, the paranormal in the paranormal. This is a book about how the real is often more scary than the fictional. I'm not saying that the stories aren't chilling. I am saying that if you want a creepy, eerie, spooky story that you will not find in your average haunted house book, then this is the book for you. It's also a good book to read if you're curious about the human psyche and psychology. This book also has a few moments of levity that are good for when you want to escape from reality. This story is a little slow to start, but it gets much better as the story progresses.   I would recommend this book to a friend. I would recommend it to a total stranger. I do think the book could be a little more short. I know I was getting tired of reading.  .
Write a negative review about a bad book:  When I started reading this book, I expected a fun romp through the history of modern fantasy, from H.P. Lovecraft to Ursula K. Le Guin. I was looking forward to reading some classic stories by authors such as Tolkien and Jordan, but I ended up feeling like I was reading a lot of mediocre fantasy. The first couple of chapters are filled with some good descriptions of the world, and the plot itself was interesting, but in the middle, the characters became very flat and uninteresting. The story is told in first person, and you never get a feeling that the characters are real, and I found myself thinking of myself, and of the character I was trying to portray as more like a fantasy character. I thought of the main character, Alara, as someone who wanted to be a warrior, but didn't really know what she wanted to do with her life. Alara has some nice ideas, but she is very indecisive. She has a lot to learn, and she is prone to making the same mistakes over and over again. Her character, and in fact the entire book, suffers from the author's lack of imagination. I'm a huge fan of Le Guen, and Alara is one of my favorite characters in all of LeGuen's work, but as I read this book I found her to be more like an empty shell than a fully realized being.   I really don't know why the author thought she needed to write this book in first-person, it was the perfect book to read in a first- person perspective. It would have been a much better book if it was written in third-person.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ It was a fun book, but the ending was a huge let down. The only thing I liked about the book was the fact that she tried to do a book about a girl who was in a cult and it was a good way to explore her thoughts on life and her beliefs. I guess she did it by making the cult seem realistic. The way the story was written was good and I didn't find the ending to be the worst thing in the world.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The only way to see what you've been missing...
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say that this is a book that I had to put down after finishing it. It was just too many things that just didn't add up. The story was interesting, but there were just too much things that didn't really add up to make it a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I can't believe how many good books have been written about this book! I was skeptical of this one at first because I'm usually not a fan of this genre, but I am a huge fan of the "grimdark" books, and this one is fantastic. It's just so well written and I enjoyed every bit of it. The characters are well-developed, the plot is very well thought out, and I have high hopes for the sequels!
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ I had heard so much about this book before I started reading it that I had to pick it up. I really wanted to like this book and this review is long overdue. I have read other books by Mr. Dines that I really enjoyed but I just found that I didn't care for this one at all. I think he is trying to show his love for the Midwest by showing how all the farmers in the Midwest had something in common. However, I just don't find this interesting and the story just doesn't seem to hold my interest. I did, however, like the cover art. It is a beautiful painting of the prairie in all its green glory. This story is mostly told from the point of view of a small boy named Billy who is visiting his grandparents on the farm. As I read the story I realized that I was expecting the story to be about the small boy Billy and his family. This is not the case and I think that Mr.Dines has a lot of good ideas but I didn´t like this story very much. I'm going to try to finish this one but my hopes will be dashed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've only had this book for a couple of days but I've already thrown it out.  The writing is awful.    My favorite part of the book is the description of the sex scene at the end.  In the last scene of the story, the protagonist is having sex with a hot woman.  Then she's on her back, having her hair pulled by a man.  The author describes the man's penis being sucked into the woman's mouth while he's on his back.  I don't know about you, but that's just not something I'd want to read.  It's one thing to write about sex, but this is a porn book!   Then, there's the writing of the heroine.  She's a strong, tough, independent woman.   Yet, her "friends" have her doing all kinds of degrading, degrading things, like giving oral sex to a man with his legs in the air.  This is so wrong!  I want to tell the author, you can't do that.  But she's so desperate for readers that she goes along with it.    The story ends with the narrator and the woman being tied up and the narrator's man comes in and says "Oh, you have no idea, do you?"   I can't tell if she's being sarcastic or if it's really true.  After all, he was in jail, so he might have just been telling the truth.  There are some good things in the book, like the heroine trying to be a hero in her own way.  Also, the sex scenes are very well written.  However, the ending was just so sad and so wrong.  Overall, I'm giving this book a "C" because it was just not very good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was so impressed with this book. It was an amazing read! I have loved all the books by David Farland. I really liked this one too. I was hooked. The author's voice is so strong, the story is very well-written, and the characters were very likable.   The ending was very satisfying, although I don't think I'm ready to buy a book to be spoiled, I just wanted to read the rest of the series, but it's not a bad story to read.  I am so glad that I gave this one a chance. I think it's my new favorite book series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is just about the worst book I have ever read. It has a lot of bad things about it, but this book just lacks the good parts. It's a very slow, boring book. The characters are all uninteresting. They are a lot like characters from any horror book. You don't really get a sense of what's going on, they just talk about their crazy experiences. The writing is very dull and boring. I'm not sure how I felt about the ending. The only reason I bought it was because I liked the cover art. The art wasn't even good for the book, it looked like it was from the 80s. The story is very confusing. There's a lot going on and the characters don't seem to be getting any clearer.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ ___________ _____________   I bought this book to give to my daughter, but she didn't like it. It's like she couldn't stop laughing at it, or at least she told me she couldn�t. It�s not that she didn�t like the book, she just thought it was too bad, that the jokes were bad and there wasn�t much humor in the story. It didn�T get her through her bedtime either. She did like the story about the kid with the funny mouth though.   The only thing that saved me from buying this book was the fact that I read all of the book and the cover price was only $0.75, so I saved some money.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** This book was absolutely awful. It had everything that I hate about books: bad writing, horrible character development, and horrible plot twists. The story is about a college student who discovers a dead body in her room. She starts researching the murder, and eventually finds a video of the killer. When the killer is finally caught, she decides to go to his house and kill him in front of him. What follows is a really horrible plot twist where she accidentally kills the man who killed her boyfriend. There's also a really stupid rape scene that's only there to shock. This book is just bad. *****   I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 because of the character development. She did a really good job of building her character. I really like how she develops her character throughout the story.   My only problem is that this book is absolutely terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you liked this book, you will love the next one. If you don't like it, don't read it!
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   I read this in high school. I have read the other two in this series and was a little disappointed with this one. The story was interesting but the ending was weak. It was a good story but didn't add anything to the series. I really liked the first one and I wish they would write more stories like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've had a lot of fun with this book.  The writing is smooth and easy, the characters are well-developed and well-drawn, the settings are interesting and unique, and the story is very well-paced.  This is my second favorite YA book (after The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones ), and I look forward to reading more. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I thought I was going to like this book! The book starts off ok, with a couple of very good stories. The main character is a good friend of the main character's father who is a big time lawyer. He's not really all that well-read, though, and is easily embarrassed when talking about his dad. The stories were okay, and not great. They were pretty good though. They weren't great, but good. I didn't like them though. I found myself wanting to find out more about this lawyer. His relationship with his daughter and his son was very well written, and very moving. The last story, the best one in the book, I found a little hard to read. The author is trying to make a point, and I didn'st quite get it. It wasn't terrible though, I just didn't get it, or at least I'm not sure why. I'm still not sure what the point is of the story. There are a lot of stories about lawyers and the law, but this one seemed to be a little better. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think it's a little short, but I did like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment. I bought this book based on some of the reviews I saw. I'm not sure why I chose this one over the others. It was the first one I'd ever read. I read that it had been edited to remove all the bad parts, and I was excited to read it. I had high hopes for this book and the quality seemed pretty good. I started off with a nice quote from George Orwell and a little bit about the story. The story itself is pretty interesting. I think it's great that it is told from the perspective of an older woman, and that she is a strong, independent woman. I thought it was an interesting story that I wanted to learn more about. I enjoyed it, but it was just not what I wanted. There were a couple of things I would have liked to see changed. One, I think the ending was just a little too neat. Second, I didn't really understand how the book ended. There are some interesting questions raised about the nature of memory, and how our perception of time is affected by our memories. I really enjoyed the author's description of the book, but she needs to add a bit more to make it interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked the book. It is a well-written story that had me laughing out loud. The story was funny and the characters were all likable. However, it is also a story that is so unrealistic that it becomes very hard to believe that these people existed. The people on the plane are just a bunch of stereotypes, which are not bad at all but are pretty out of place with the setting. One of the characters was a girl who could not speak. Her family didn't care for her at all and wanted her to be quiet, so she was brought up by the same group of people she grew up with. It was just another example of a society in which people were raised to be a certain way. There are also some characters who don't have a personality, and they are not given enough of a chance to develop one. The book had me in tears at times because of the lack of character development.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The worst thing about this book is that it made me want to read more of the same.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several books about the Vietnam War that were poorly written, and this was not one of them. This is a "how to" book about Vietnam, which I've been meaning to read for a while. I'm glad I did, though. The author has a lot of experience and a lot to say about Vietnam. I highly recommend it. 6.5/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I read this book and the only thing I can say is I'm disappointed. The author writes a good story with a great twist. This book I just can't get into. I don't know what the book is about. The first couple of chapters are interesting but then you have to think about the author's writing style and how he has to change the way he is writing. I'm sorry but I just didn't like the way this book was written. It's not my cup of tea. I know it's a great book so I'm not going to complain. But I'm just disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have a friend that's a HUGE Tolkien fan, but I just don't get it. The Lord of the Rings is a wonderful epic, with a lot of characters that we care about. It's like a story about a family. I've never met the author, but she's clearly a talented writer.   But it's a book about a LOTR, and in this case, the characters are not interesting. It has a bunch of characters. Some of them have names, but some don't. The story is told from their POV, so they seem like interesting people. The author tries to tell us what they're thinking and feeling, but it just doesn't work.   the only one I liked was the one I got stuck with.   a little annoying is that the author mentions things that happen in the book. That's annoying, because I don't know if they're important or not.   I liked the first part, but after that it just became a mess.   in the end, it was a little tedious.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "In life we must live in the present.  In death we can only do so much."  ― William S. Burroughs
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The ending was pretty lame and the story is really weak.  I don't understand how it's supposed to have happened, or how the characters survived.  I don't know if the author wanted to make a point about the dangers of giving people too much information or just felt that she couldn't write anything but a sad ending.  It's definitely a good read for a sad book, but not something that you would recommend to anyone who likes a good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  My wife is a book snob and I'm the opposite.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only good thing about this book is the cover.   A little background: I am a huge fan of fantasy/sci-fi books. I really enjoyed this book, but there were some things that bothered me. I will say this, the first few chapters were great. They are very dark and disturbing, with the characters having to face the consequences of their actions. But the next several chapters I couldn't get past the writing style. The characters just seemed so fake and it took away from the horror elements. I would love to read another book by this author, but I really wish I could give it a good rating because this is really a terrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I have read a couple of these books. This book is horrible. The author's name is Thomas Burdick, and the book is titled "Innocence Lost." This book seems to have been written by someone who is uneducated about how to write a book, and he has no idea what he is doing. The only reason I was able to finish the book was because my husband and I made it through the beginning first, and then went through the middle and last chapters. It took us about 2 hours to read, so I suppose you could say we spent a fair amount of time on the book.The only reason we finished it is because we were on a road trip and we wanted to make the trip worth it. If we had to read this book again, we would not be able to. The story is so ridiculous and ridiculous it is hard to take any of it seriously. The most ridiculous part of the book starts out with a story about how a woman in a bar was shot and killed. Then we get a story of a man who was shot in the chest while he was trying to get his daughter out of a car. This was followed by a story that a man was shot while he played with his grandchildren. Then a man is killed while he is driving his boat. I can not find a good story in this book, except maybe the part about the woman who died in the bar. This is the only reason it was okay. I did not enjoy reading it. The other story about a man getting shot while riding his horse is just horrible. It makes me want to rip my hair out, but I did finish it. Overall, this is one of those books that are not worth the time it takes to read it. You will not enjoy this book. I think I will never read another one like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I got this book because I wanted to see how a fantasy novel is written. I've read a lot of fantasy books, but this one seems to have a little more action. It's also a bit longer than a lot other fantasy books.   The writing was pretty good, though I did think there were a few typos in it.   the plot was interesting. The book starts out with a lot more action and adventure than most fantasy novels do. The author also explains some of the characters' backstories (I didn't know they were backstories until this point) and the history behind the country (which was a bit of a spoiler).   This book is very easy to read. I did feel like I was in a lot different places in the book. The story wasn't terribly complex and the characters were not all too complex either.  .   "But how can you describe a continent where the sky is a black void, where the sun and the stars do not rise but crawl through the void in the shadows, where only the wind does not whisper, but sings?"   . I didn't like the way the author described the continent of Narnia, the magic system, and the story. I thought the author did a good job of setting things up for the story to happen. However, the author's descriptions of N  I really liked this book, though it was a little long for my taste. I really wanted to know more about the characters, though. I also really liked the world that this book takes place in, though the details were a little confusing to me. The action scenes were good, and I thought that they were set up pretty well. The characters were good. They seemed to be all about learning more about themselves and their world. There were a lot, though, of flashbacks in the story, which were not explained in great detail. Also, there were quite a few times when the author said something that wasn't necessarily true, but made it sound like it was. I don't know why, but I didn´t like that. There are a few plot holes as well, though they were not big ones.   and the last thing is...I think the author would have been better off if he had not taken so long to tell us about the world. I would have liked to know about it much sooner.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ - the plot was good. ______________ - the characters were well drawn, though a little too stereotypically. __________________________________________ - the story lacked a satisfying resolution. _____________________________ - the book is not very good, but I still finished it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I'm sorry I have to say goodbye to this story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read so many books that I just know I'll love this one.  It is just so good, and it just about nails the problem with many books about men, that they're not really about men at all.  But there's a problem.  This book isn't really about being a man, either.  There's a section on how men should talk to women, and I'll get into that, but for now let's just say this:  This book is not written for men who are trying to become men.  The author does not understand the difference between what it is to be a man and what it means to be an "authentic" man, between what the author calls "authenticity" and the "fitness for purpose" that is essential to "true manhood."  The first sentence of the book is this: Men are not born or made. They are made.   That's it.  A sentence that doesn't explain why the author believes this, a sentence that is entirely about how men are "made."     In order to be "made" a man is told to be manly, to be tough, to fight, to put his life on the line, to go to war, to do anything that his male peers can do and he cannot.  In order for men to be real men they have to be as masculine as possible, and the best way to be that is to kill.  And, as if that weren't enough, the author then goes on to say: So it is with the real man: he does not take on a role. He is not a product of culture. He does not conform to social mores or stereotypes. He has no preconceived notions or beliefs about the world, other men, or women. He stands in the world as he finds it and makes no judgments. He feels the pain and suffers the ecstasy of the world without prejudice.   I don't know about you, but I think this is exactly backwards.  Being a real man is not about being tough, or being a warrior, or about the way that the author sees the world.  Real men are not products of the culture or of stereotypes.  They are not a reflection of society, they are not the result of a bunch of "stereotypes" and "stupid rules."  Real manhood is a state of being that has
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think that this book is all bad. I like that the book is a series of stories rather than a single book. I also liked that it was written in a style that could be easily read as fantasy or sci-fi. The characters are likable, and the story is a good read. It is a fun book, and is definitely worth checking out if you like this type of book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was a teenager. I read it when I had no idea what I wanted to be when I grew up, and I still feel a little uncomfortable with the whole experience. I have a bad habit of reading books that are too long and I thought I'd try this book because it was short enough to be good. It is a terrible book. I really hated this book. The first half of the book is basically the main character going through the motions of living in a very small town. The townsfolk are annoying and ungrateful and not to mention they are all extremely racist and sexist. They are all so racist and sexist that you wonder if this book is trying to be ironic or if the author was simply having a bad day. This book just didn't have much of a purpose. I hated everything about it. I felt like I was watching a documentary about racism. I hate how the author describes the characters as "salty". I would not want to be in the shoes of someone who has to deal with this type of racism. There is nothing about this book that made me want to read it again. I'm really hoping that someone who reads this will realize how bad it is and realize that there is no point to a book like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good book, but I wish it had been more about the characters and less about the author's life. The author writes about how she wanted to be a mother so she decided to abort her own child and then decided she didn't want to be pregnant anymore. The story is great. But there is no real explanation about how her situation changed. I was expecting some details about how much the woman had to deal with her pregnancy, but no. The only things I got was that she got the baby and she was having problems. It was a great read and very sad, but at the same time, there is nothing else to say. I just wish she had been a little more realistic about what it's like to be in her position.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "In order to have a revolution, you have to first convince a great many people that the old way is wrong." - Paul Goodman
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a disaster.   It was a "how to" book on how to write a book and was not.   a) the book was in fact written by a man, who is not a writer (although I have not read any of his books) and he is a man who doesn't have a clue about writing a book. (He was actually a very bad editor, who didn't know how to cut it up and make it flow)   b) The book is nothing more than a bunch of stuff that the author found in a bookshop and decided to write about them.   and   c) the author does not know how much of what he wrote was true and how much was not and how this mess of a book is a complete lie.  .   to the best of my knowledge, the author is from a small town in Australia (I think) and was in his teens. I'm not sure how he got the information from the bookshop, but I doubt very much that the information came from a book by a person who actually knows how to read and write a proper book.   the book is full of obvious mistakes and bad grammar.  :   -The book says that a book should not be longer than 250 words. This is not true. The book says the book should be shorter than that.   of course, the book ends with the chapter in which the author says "The book is finished."   The book has one chapter in the middle, that goes into the bookseller's shop, and then says "There is a section in the book where the author describes a book that is longer than the 250 word limit for a book."   in other words, the section is a very short one. This section, which is only two pages long, tells the story of a man from the small town who gets a book about a place called The Castle and has a meeting with the author who tells him the book's length is longer that 250 words, and the man decides to write the book about the castle and that's the end.     I can't believe that anyone could be so stupid as to make a book like this, and I know that I'm far from stupid.  -There is no chapter called "Introduction" where the book describes the main ideas that the book will tell. Instead, there are three chapters that go into the different chapters.   "Introduction to the chapter"
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The only problem with the book is that it is too long, and the only good thing is that I was able to get the last few pages before I finished it. I'd definitely recommend this book to anyone interested in the art of writing." This is a great book for anyone looking to get into writing.  It's a fantastic guide to all aspects of writing. If you don't know where to start, you should go back and re-read this book from the beginning.  It's not a book you should just pick up to see if you like writing.   It's a book that you should really read and consider.  It's about a lot more than just writing.  It's also about your own development as a writer.   If you're not already a writer, you'll find this book a great way to start.  The book is written by a writer and also covers a lot of the basic tools you'll need to write good fiction and non-fiction.  As an author myself, I'd give this book 5 out of 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book at all. I was given this book because it had been recommended by a friend and because it sounded like a fun read. I bought it for $5 at Barnes and Noble. I am sorry that I did not find this book to be fun, exciting, or engaging. I would not recommend this book. 2 out of 5 stars "A Great book, but not for me" I found this book fascinating and intriguing, but I was not a huge fan of it. The writing is well done, but the story seemed to have been left behind. The characters were not well drawn, the story was dull and boring, and the ending was just a bit too abrupt. Overall, I think this book was better than I expected, but it was just not for my tastes. 1 out of 4 stars "Not the same story you've been waiting for" I bought this book hoping that it would be the continuation of the story told in the previous book. Sadly, that is not the case. This book is about a man who is trying to make a difference by helping those in need. It's not about a young woman who is desperate to have children. I guess that's ok with me. I still think the story would have been better if it had continued the same. 4 out of 6 stars "The real story is here" The book has a great plot, good characters, and great dialogue. I found it very easy to get caught up in the story and the characters, as the story is very well told and the dialogue is a little on the dry side. I enjoyed this book, though it was a little slow going at times. I do like the idea of a man making a difference in the world by helping people. I did find the ending a bit abrupt, but that is what the book is all about. I'll definitely keep this book in my shelf.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________   I did not like this book. It's an excellent, highly recommended, but flawed work. The author, a young professor, takes the story of the life of an extremely rare type of dwarf, one with a unique form of dwarfism. This dwarf is known as the "carpenter dwarf", because of the way they build their houses, which look like little wooden ships. In this book, the author is using the story as a way to explore a wide range of topics related to dwarfism and related disabilities. This is a good book. The book covers issues that are very important to dwarfists. There are many good points, and I would recommend this book to anyone who has a friend or family member with dwarfism or any related disability. I will give this book 3 stars, because the author does use the story to examine other disability issues. The story has the potential to be amazing, and the author did a good job of introducing the reader to a fascinating world that is not often told. But I would not recommend this to anyone with a strong interest in disability issues, or anyone who thinks the story could be a great vehicle for exploring disability issues in literature. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who is interested in dwarfism, but doesn't have any knowledge about it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book because of its great review from The Good Book Project. I was surprised when I opened the book to find the title changed to The Good Deeds of Donald Trump. The book was written by a woman named Kristina Olson and is supposed to be a historical book about Donald Trump's life, which is not true. It has several factual errors that I have noted below: -Olson states that Trump's mother was a Czech immigrant, which was not true when she was born in 1885. -She claims that Trump went to the Wharton School of Finance at the University of Pennsylvania. The university was founded in 1819 and was not founded until 1846. -Olsen states that his father was a real estate tycoon, but this was never true. -The only real estate that Donald Trump had was the one at Trump Tower, which he built from scratch. -Trump's brother was a stockbroker. -Donald Trump's wife Ivana was not a housewife. She was an artist. -In an attempt to make the book look more factual, Olson states that the original New York Times obituary said that Trump had been married four times. The original obit was written in 1981 and says that Trump married his third wife Ivanna. However, when it was reprinted in 2000 it was amended to say that Trump was married to his second wife Marla Maples and that he was divorced from his first wife Ivale. I do not understand why she would state this fact, when the facts in the book are so different from what the book claims. -It is said that Donald's mother gave him up for adoption when he was two months old. However this is not correct. In fact his biological mother was Ivana Zelnickova. -There is no record that Donald ever received any government aid. He had all the money that he needed growing up. -According to Olson's biography, Trump had a great childhood and a successful business career as a child. However when I looked up his childhood in the New York City archives, he did not go to public school until he was 8 years old. -As a young man Trump made a lot of money. However he did have a number of legal problems, including bankruptcy. -He was a man of many contradictions and many of his beliefs contradict his actions. -His views on women are contradictory as well. He was married 3 times, but he never slept with any of his wives, nor
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The author has made a big mistake by using the word 'jealous' for the only female character. I can't believe that the author, in the first book of a series, is going to use such a word as a plot device, especially when there are plenty of female characters that are not jealous and I think that the fact that this one has been made a protagonist for the first time is also an indication that the book is just getting out of hand. I hope that the books continue to get better as the author develops the characters, but this is just not a good start." "I like how the book's plot develops, as the main character is not so much a good guy but more a good person that does not understand his feelings for the main female character (the main character), but at the same time he knows that she is not the only one to blame for his problem with the heroine, so he tries to get closer to her. The main character does not seem like a very well-balanced person, as he is not really able to see his feelings in this relationship, he is trying to change his personality, but I still have a lot of problems with the main male character, as I feel that he does not really understand how his emotions are causing his problems, or at least he does, but doesn't really want to accept that he has such problems. And of course the main heroine is not completely innocent as she does seem to have a good side, but the fact is that her problem is not with the other main characters, and it seems to be just with the hero. The male character is a bit more likable than the main one, but there is a lot to be said about the male character. The female characters are not too well developed but I really like the main females, they are very nice, and the male characters are only a little better than the male ones." The following three reviews were written by people who were disappointed in the book, which I understand: "This is one of the best romance series I have read, and I have loved several of the other books. I have never seen a romance series as good as this one." I would like to add one more thing, though: it is important to make sure that the story is right before you read any book. The book was very well written, but some of the details are a bit confusing and the plot is a little confusing. The ending is a
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I am currently in a very long-term relationship and, as in any long-lasting relationship, it is not always easy to know what to say and what not to say to each other. I've read several of these books and this one is definitely the worst by far. I find the writing of the characters to be laughable and the romance to be completely unbelievable. If you are looking for a romance novel with good writing then this one won't disappoint. However, if you are searching for something a little different and more entertaining, then this isn't it. I highly recommend not reading this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was not a good book.  The plot is very weak and the characters are not very memorable.  I did enjoy reading it though, but I would not recommend it to anyone.   It was the kind of book that I could see getting to like but it's not worth the time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This book is a waste of space and money. The author uses the term "unfortunate" to describe people who have a low level of education and who have been unable to get a job. He does this without ever saying what it means to be poor. I can't get past the idea that you need to be able to afford a college education and that having a college degree will somehow guarantee you a job as a result of having a higher level of schooling. The way this book is written, I can understand how the author got the idea for the book. However, I don't understand how people who don't have college degrees are poor. It makes no sense. It's not like he has a special interest in the poor, so he makes this up. It doesn't work. The title of the book is simply wrong. The book has nothing to do with poor people. The only poor people he talks about are the ones who have not been able to get their own way, such as the unemployed. I'm surprised that he would be so bold as to use the word "unsuccessful" as a synonym for "poor." I'm also surprised that the author would call people with college degrees "unable to get ahead" when he is so clearly writing as if he were one of them.   I also found the book a bit condescending. The idea that people with a high level of knowledge are able to learn and understand things and do well is a good one. However the author never explains why this is a bad thing. He never explains how these people are better than the people with less education. The poor aren't doing badly. The real problem is that they don't seem to be getting ahead. The authors description of the poor is a bit one-sided. It is not as though the author is a victim of the "lack of success." He doesn't seem like a victim, but rather an author who feels that he has something to say and feels entitled to his own opinions and views.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This is a book that I did not like. It took me a long time to finish, but the last page of the book is absolutely horrifying. I'm not sure if I have the heart to read more of the series, but I'm glad that I read it. --------------------------- Read this book? -------------------------- If you want to know what it's like to be an autistic child, this is the book for you. --------------- What I thought: --------------- I thought this book was horrible. I was so disappointed in it, I actually skipped it. I thought the author did an awful job of portraying what autism is and what it means to have a disability. It is not a life sentence. I hate that the author says that autism is "the disorder that has made [her] a genius." It is the disorder that caused her to have problems in school, that caused them to lose the love of her life, and that has caused her great pain. I do not want to be around people with autism. -------------- How I feel about it: -------------- I don't feel like I will be able to enjoy the next book in this series as much as I enjoyed the first. It was a good book, but my disappointment is so great, I can't wait to be done with it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is just a very unoriginal, badly written, and badly written. The book starts with a good premise (i.e. the discovery that there is a way to cure one's cancer through a process called "fission therapy") but quickly devolves into an incoherent mess of pseudoscience, bad science, and just plain wrongness. The author, Dr. Mark Hoofnagle, is a self-described "freak of nature," who claims that he has a cure for cancer that has been studied in the academic literature for decades, yet he has not published a single peer-reviewed scientific study showing that his "cure" works. In fact, the only peer-review article that Hoof has ever published in a scientific journal was published in the Journal of the American College of Radiology (JACR) in 1997 and he did not even know what a radiation dose was when he wrote it. Hoof's entire book is a rehash of the same old "science" that he first published in 1989. The authors of this book should be ashamed of themselves for even attempting to sell this garbage.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was not good.  It was not bad.   It was bad. I'm glad I listened to the audio version, but this is not a good audiobook. I don't know why I listened. I just thought the story was good. I can't really give a negative rating for a book that I did not like, but it was a bit boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is completely unrealistic and the characters are poorly developed. There is not much going on. There are some interesting plot twists that are not developed as well as you would expect. The story is told mostly through the eyes of the main character. She is a witch and she has a difficult time with her magical ability, which means she can't be in the same room as her son and she wants to be a normal person. The main character is not very well developed and is not developed enough for me to care about her. She does not develop much as a character. I also don't like the story. It is told in a very flat way and I felt it was too boring and I wish there was more. I felt that it was just a book that was meant to sell. There were a few parts that were interesting, but it was mostly a book about the author's life. I think the author did a poor job at writing the book, and I think it could have been better if she had just written a book with a better plot.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________   The problem: _____________   When I first started reading this book I was skeptical. I read through the first few chapters expecting to be blown away. I mean, I was going to read a book that's basically a modern retelling of the legend of Persephone and the Underworld. I was thinking, "This is going to be amazing. I have to read this." However, as the book progressed I started to see that it was less than I expected. For starters, the story is slow. There are many scenes that don't really add up. The author never really tells us what happened to Persephone, why she was banished, or what her intentions were. The main problem with the book is that the characters were just too static and one dimensional. I didn't care who was in the story or why they were doing what they were supposed to do. The characters never changed their personalities.   And then there's the writing. The sentences are just too long. I think that's because the author has no idea how to write dialogue. The dialogue was often uninspired. The "we are all just looking for a better life" speech, was just boring. It felt like she was just trying to sound like a hippie. The other problem was the grammar. The books were often inconsistent with the grammar and sentence structure. I felt like I was reading an amateur book.   is a classic example of a book with a terrible plot. The book has a great cast, great world building, and a great story but the book just doesn't come together well enough to make it a great read. It has a lot of promise, but the author doesn't know how to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't know why this book got such bad reviews. I'm not a big fantasy fan and this book was the first one that I read where I didn't have to put down and get distracted by some character. I liked the writing style and the plot, the characters and the setting. I'll read more of the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ ______________________ This book has very little to offer. It is not a novel that can stand alone. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     The story is good but the characters are flat.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got this book because of the trailer and I was surprised that it was good.  It's really a good read.  "It's a simple story about a young boy and a very bad dog." - Amazon.com This is a very good read if you are looking for a quick read.   It's got a lot of action and the dog is very funny.   Overall:  I am a big fan of dog and human stories, so this is a perfect book for me.     What I like about this book:
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is just a really bad book.  I really wanted to love it, but it just doesn't hold up.  I'm sorry to anyone who spent money on this, it's just a bad read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________, This book is a waste of time, and I don't even know where to start. It is a story about a woman named Rachael, who is an aspiring journalist, who has a problem, she is a girl. She has a huge crush on a man, and she is going to get him to marry her. But he is a guy. He is the "boyfriend". When they are on a trip to a country, they meet the "prince" who says "I want you to be my lady". So Rach decides to be his lady, and they get married. But then the prince's family are killed in a car accident. And when they go to the hospital, the prince is alive, but his family is dead. So now Rach has to live with the Prince's family, and her family, while she is still a virgin. The book is terrible. It's a complete waste of your time. It has the main character's dad who talks about how he wants to be the prince and not marry his own daughter, but the book is just so bad that it's hard to take it seriously. I don 't even know if I'm going to finish it. It was so bad I was wondering if it was just some poorly written book that was thrown together by a kid.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "If you want to read about what it's like to be a woman in a man's world, then go read the first couple of chapters of The Last Girl. If you want a more interesting book about a woman who's struggling to come to terms with her past, then don't bother. It's a story about a character that is just flat-out stupid and poorly written. If that's your cup of tea, then fine. But if you want the kind of book that has a point to it and makes you think about the world around you, then you'll find yourself wanting to rip your head off and run screaming to the nearest library for some books by Aimee Bender or Jodi Picoult or Rachel Caine or some other woman who actually has a life and can write a good book."   Review: "This is the first book I've ever read in which a man is a woman's best friend, as it's clearly not just a love story but a very real friendship with deep depth. A lot of the book is about the difficulties and struggles they go through as they try to be together, which I liked and thought was very touching. The main story is about her relationship with her dad and her relationship to her dad, and it's a great story that I would recommend. I'm not really sure why it's called the Last Girl because it's not the last woman that is mentioned. The Last Woman is a book about what women have to face in their lives, but the book isn't about that. It has a lot to do with the love story, but it's also about the struggles and obstacles women have in their life, which is very human and very real and not a fantasy story."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was very interested in this book. The cover says it is "a history of the American Indian" so I figured I'd check it out.   It was a very good history but not really about Indian history. This is about the "settlers" of the West and their role in the colonization of the "new world."   Most of the chapters deal with the "white man's burden" which is the idea that it was too easy for the white settlers to take over the "New World" when the native people had been there for a long time. The Native Americans were slow to take up farming and there were problems of diseases and war which delayed the colonization process.   in the chapter on the Native Americans I read:   -There was a "white plague" (the smallpox) that decimated the Native American population from 1650 to 1750.   the main idea here is that the Indians didn't take the colonization to heart and didn't develop a "culture" (something they never really did) and they were just too lazy to grow their own food.   The "new man" was also a white man. He came to the New World to kill the Indians and then take over.   I didn't know this but a large part of the reason why the Indians were unable to develop a culture was because the Europeans didn't like them much and they weren't allowed to hunt. The Europeans were the ones who first made hunting illegal (they were already using guns) and that kept the Indians from hunting for food. The European settlers were also the ones that encouraged the use of horses and didn the same thing to the Indians. (Horses helped the Indians avoid being killed by guns).   The book is about white settlers who were happy to take advantage of the natives but were also responsible for the destruction of the Indians culture. The Indians are never mentioned by name. I don't think I've ever read a book that's this one sided about the natives. It's a great read though.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was really excited about this book. I've been a big fan of Jodi Picoult and I've always loved her books. I was hoping this would be a book that I could really get into. Unfortunately I found that to be the case. This book had little to no connection to the first book in the series. The story starts off with our characters in the desert, trying to get back to civilization after having been stranded there for over a year. This is where the book started off really slow. It was just too long and I was tired of the story and I wanted to move on. I didn't enjoy the characters very much and didn't feel any real emotion from them. I am not a huge fan of books that don't have any real character development or really make me feel anything. It just felt empty and the ending was very unsatisfying. The world that this book takes place in is great but the book just didn't grab me. I do love the setting though. It's a nice, yet familiar place. I liked the main characters, but I didn 't love them. This series is a bit more serious than the first one, but that doesn't mean that I didn t enjoy it very much. I'm a big Jodi fan but this book just doesn't do it for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________   I had read this book back in the 70's, when it was called "The Magic Mirror", and I was so disappointed I threw it out of my bookcase. I loved the magic, but the plot was a little heavy-handed. It seemed like the book was trying to convince me that it was the magic that was the story, and that it didn't matter what happened to the main character, who is a woman, because that was what happened, and not the "other" characters, who were men.   This book is not for the faint of heart. I read it in the 80's when I was a teenager. I can't even imagine how it must have affected someone then. There are no happy endings, but there are sad ones, and some are a little too dramatic. I found myself turning away from it, as I did from many books back then.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- It's really disappointing that it was the first book of the trilogy that was published in such a way that the reader doesn't get to enjoy the characters. There were plenty of nice moments, but not enough of them. If this was a full-length novel, I might still enjoy it, but this was just a quickie. The characters aren't the worst, but they're the most shallow. I don't think I've ever read a book where I just didn't feel any emotions for any of the characters except for the main protagonist. The only person I really cared about was the heroine, but even she was a boring, selfish, and spoiled bitch.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The writing is awful. The story is not as exciting as it was in the book. The characters are flat and one dimensional. There are too many things happening that aren't important or interesting.   I found the story to be boring and boring it is really boring and predictable. The author needs to stop writing and start thinking about a story or at least make it interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The worst book ever.   This is a terrible book. The characters are so unlikable that I didn't want to read any more. The story is so bad that it's not even funny. I'm not a fan of bad books and I thought this one was a really bad one. It's a great book if you want to learn about a religion but it's the worst book you'll ever read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book. I loved the characters, and the story is very exciting and exciting. The characters were well written and had great personalities. I really enjoyed the ending, too. I'm so glad that I read this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:   "A truly awful book." -Maggie S.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "The only thing that can keep a good man down is a good book."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was pretty bad. The book was over-the-top and the plot was pretty boring. I don't like the fact that she made a character that was supposed to be a hero into a complete idiot, and I also don't care about how much she tried to "make him a hero" by forcing him to take the fall for his own stupidity. I also didn't like how she tried (and failed) to show the difference between how a good man behaves and how a villain behaves. The plot was stupid and poorly-developed. I feel like it would have been better to have the book set in a high school, since it really didn't give a good idea of how this all worked. Grade: D-
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It was a bit hard to get used to the pace of the book but once I did I felt the book had a purpose, and the author managed to do so without using the book as a way to sell her book. It is a good book, I enjoyed reading it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character, an old man, is the most annoying thing about this book. He is constantly interrupting people with his loud rambling and is constantly asking questions about anything and everything that comes to mind. When it comes to the romance aspect of the story, it doesn't even feel that good, because there are no real scenes with a relationship in them.  He just wants to get to know you so bad that you give him the chance to do that.  You know he will never end up happy with you and you don't want to be the reason why.  The main problem with this book is that it feels like you are being sold to.   It feels like the author is trying to get a big pay check from the author's parents for a book they gave him.  It was so hard for me to stop reading after I finished reading this book because I really wanted to know what happened next, but I just couldn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The worst book I've ever read in my life!  It's so hard to describe, I feel like I'm going to throw up.  I feel like it was a cheap way to get back into the world of fantasy and was written in a very rushed, sloppy way.   Would I read it again?  Maybe.   I'm not too happy with this book and I think it is a waste of money for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an excellent book about the rise of American capitalism, the development of the New Deal, the Great Depression, and the birth of the American middle class. The book is a great read, with lots of interesting details and good examples of how different groups of people used the American government to create prosperity. The problem I had with this book was the authors' use of the term "fascism". In order to understand how fascism came to America, one must first understand that fascism is an old ideology that developed in Europe and was then applied in different countries around the world, such as Germany and Italy, until it was adopted by the fascist parties in Italy and Germany. The fascist parties used the ideology of fascism to create a new ideology that would unite the country under one, and only one, party: The Fascist Party. Fascism has three different levels: 1) The lowest level is the movement of "popular masses" and "popular groups" towards a state of "federal power" (which was the idea of the fascist governments of Italy and France). 2) The second level is a political party (such as Mussolini's National Fascist party in Italy). The third level is an army (like Hitler's Nazi party in Germany). In the American system, these three levels are fused into a single political party: the American Nazi Party. While this may seem like a contradiction, it is a reality that exists in the real world. America is the only country in the world that uses the fascist ideology in a political sense. This is a fact, and while it might be interesting to look at it in a historical context, it doesn't really tell us anything about how the current political system works in America. It's an interesting history, but not something I would recommend reading for a history class.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this one about 2 years ago, after a couple of years of trying to quit smoking.  It helped me quit, and it made me realize how many people are addicted to cigarettes and how the media, doctors and politicians are pushing these dangerous products.  I am going to start a petition to the mayor of Los Angeles to ban e-cigarettes and similar products. The Mayor of LA has been on a crusade to ban electronic cigarettes, but has yet to show his hand in regards to banning all smoking products. In a city that is so dependent on cigarettes and is in desperate need of a healthier way of life, I feel like he should make this decision. I understand that these devices can be a way for people to quit, but in my opinion they are a gateway to other unhealthy products like nicotine.    The first time I tried e-cigs was when I tried them for a while. I didn't think much of them at first, until a couple weeks after I quit that I decided to start using them.  I am glad I have found this forum and it is great to know that people out there are helping to help people who are in the same situation I was in. I will continue to use this as a place to look up information on e-cig technology. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "this book is not worth the money" "This book is just a complete waste of your time. It is a very poor book. There is no real story, no plot, and no development at all. It's just a collection of stories about what a horrible person I am. I just couldn't help but to feel like this book was written by a complete moron."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, Paul Bierman, claims to have worked as a reporter and a reporter in the Army for the US Army in Afghanistan. He was a member of the unit that captured Bin Laden. But he does not tell us that he did not tell the truth to the public about what he witnessed. This book is a fraud. It is a story about how a man (with a story) gets a free pass. There is no attempt to explain how he did it or how he can get a free ticket. If you want to know the story of how a single person could pull off such a big operation, I recommend that you read the book by the book rather than just one book. I have yet to see any other book about the Bin Laden raid that gives the story and the perspective of the journalist, who was in a position to know. There are several good books on this subject. You should read them and then buy this book, even though I know that it will be filled with inaccuracies and errors.  Read the book! "I was never in a battle in Afghanistan, but I was in Afghanistan when bin Laden was killed." Paul Biersman The book is about the US military in the War on Terror. I am not an expert in the subject matter, so I will not comment on what I think is wrong or right about the book. The only thing I am sure of is that it is a book that will not give the reader the full story. Paul Brierman is a former reporter who served in the U.S. Army from 1985-1990. He worked as an investigative reporter for the Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post. He also worked as the editor of the Los Angles Times, where he became known as a hard-hitting reporter. He has written about some of the biggest stories of the decade including the Oklahoma City bombing, the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, and the terrorist attack on the USS Cole in 2000. He now writes about military and terrorism issues. His new book, The Ghost in the Machine, focuses on the American military's use of "information operations."   The Ghosts in the Machines  This book is the latest in a series of books that focus on the military and the use of information operations (I.O.s). In the series, Biermann describes his experience of working for the United States Army during the 1990s. Biermans describes his experiences in the "war
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of spelling errors and the author's own opinions. I was looking forward to reading this book because it is an interesting read. But I am very disappointed because this book is not about a group of people who were enslaved but about the individual who was enslaved and the group that rescued him. It is about a man who is trying to be a good Christian and the result of this is that he is enslaved. I have a hard time believing that the author would say that he does not have a problem with slavery but the author just does not understand the issue of slavery. The author's story is not very interesting and does not teach me anything new. The story is about the good guy and his group of friends who are all slaves. There is no real story to be found in this book. The only thing I found interesting was the author saying that he has never been a slave but has had friends that were slaves. 4 of 5 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was so excited to get this book, and was very surprised when I got it. The book is just a bunch of blather, with very little substance, so I will be skipping this one.   I'm also disappointed in the fact that this book was not available in the U.S., as it's the most comprehensive guide I've found on the subject, with a lot of pictures and diagrams.   the writing is also just bad:   "The process involves a number of techniques, some quite ingenious. For example, the use of'stirrup-stick' electrodes (that is, two electrodes mounted side-by-side) and the application of a weak electrical charge to the scalp. The scalp is then stimulated to produce a very subtle electrical current in the opposite direction to that which it normally supplies. This generates the desired EEG pattern. The brain waves of the subject are then recorded, and the electrodes are removed."   If this is what is needed to produce EEG patterns, I can only imagine what this device does in the human body! The author says it works well for about five minutes (but he didn't specify how long) before the brain starts to shut down. He didn't describe what happens to the brain during this time. He said it only takes a couple of seconds.   to be honest, the book was pretty much worthless. The information is all in German, so it's hard to get the gist of what is going on. I got a very general idea from the pictures, but there are only a few pictures of actual equipment used in the studies, so the pictures are mostly just diagrams and explanations.  , and if you want to know more about EEG and tDCS, I suggest you read the book from a German perspective:
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- This book is a huge disappointment. I love to read and this book was not worth the wait. I wanted to love it but it just wasn't there.   This book starts off with a bang. This is the first thing I read when I get a new book and I had a good idea what I was getting into. I thought this would be a fun story that would tell a great story. The author did an excellent job of telling a great adventure story. I loved the setting, the characters, and the plot. I liked the characters a lot. It was hard for me to put the book down. It kept me interested in the story. This was a very enjoyable book.  , but it wasn't all sunshine and rainbows. It wasn't very good at explaining the rules of the game. The book didn't even bother to tell me the rules. I got a little lost when it got to the game and it was too much of a hassle to try to figure out what I had missed. I would not recommend this book to anyone. I think I'll stick to playing other games.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like the fact that this book was written by a child psychologist, and it's basically just a bunch of advice from a child that a child should have received in school (or perhaps more appropriately, in the middle of a good book).  My son has ADHD and we have a history of therapy and medication.  We did everything we could to get him to be a good student.  His behavior has not improved since we've started him on medication. He's in and out of school for most of the day and the worst part is that he just doesn't care about anything anymore.   He has a problem with school, which I've worked with my kids on since they were small.  He hates homework, but he's a really good student, so I'm not really worried about it.  We get frustrated with him, but then I remind myself that he is a kid who is really smart and has a lot of things going for him, and so it's a pretty rare problem for a kid his age to have.  I really do wish we had something different to do when he doesn't want to be here.  But I really feel that this is a good, old-fashioned book about how to deal with children with special needs.  It is written by someone who is familiar with the situation, so that is helpful.  There are plenty of other good books out there, and I really like this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  Don't be a dick to your wife, children, pets, or other loved ones.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a book I had to buy as a Christmas present because my sister (the "friend" I have who's in the book) recommended it.  The book was actually pretty good but I'm not a fan of the cover art.  I really liked this book but I couldn't find anything I liked about the cover.  I'm really disappointed with this book because it had so much potential and I had no idea it was a story about a group of high school friends who go through a terrible breakup.  The story is about a lot of different aspects of highschool.  It's a bit of a love/hate story because the main couple are really likeable but then there are a few characters who are so unlikable I couldn,t get past them.   The characters were a lot likeable and funny but there were times when I couldn' t help but wonder why the author decided to focus on this particular group of people.  One of the characters in the story, I'm sorry to say, is an awful human being who just wants to hurt people. The rest of the cast was all really nice and funny though. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is self-explanatory. This is a collection of short stories about people who are too stupid to get out of their own way. The stories are all about people being stupid. The only character who doesn't seem to be stupid is a woman named Dora.  Dora is one of the few people who actually gets to live out her life and be a normal person.  The story in this collection is actually a pretty good story.    It was just that I felt like there were a few stories that were better.  I don't think that they are the best stories in the collection, but they are better than the stories that I expected.  It's a short book, but the stories were short. I found the stories funny.  The stories were pretty funny, but not as funny as I expected them to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________ I have to admit that I had a very difficult time reading this book, but I guess that's just what happens with a book that has such a high recommendation on Goodreads. My biggest issue with the book was that the author has a way of making himself sound very reasonable, even as he starts to spew all this crazy conspiracy theory nonsense. The only thing I can find in the book that is even remotely interesting is the book review that he did in The American Conservative, but that's it. I mean, what's the point? If you are going to make such a big deal about how crazy and scary these people are, then at least be a little more believable about it.   I'm not a conspiracy theorist by any means, but it is very difficult to find something that is more disturbing than this book. The book is a compilation of quotes from several different websites, and it doesn't help that the quotes come from websites that don't have the best reputations for accuracy. I would not trust this book with my child.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I hadn't read it as a teenager, I'd never have known what an interesting, complex, and well-written character she was. It's easy to see how the books came to be; the stories of her past, and her growing up in the world she was raised in, resonated with me so much that I was excited to find out more. If you're interested in exploring a lot of the same themes that are touched on in the books, you might also like The Burden of the Soul, by Elizabeth Gilbert.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________" ____________" _______. _________ "If you want to read a good book, don't waste your time on this one!" I don't know about you, but this book is not a good read. The first half of the book is full of bad puns, and then the rest is just the same stuff again. I found it very frustrating because I really wanted to like this book. The book is about the history of the U.S. military and its relationship to women. It starts out with the military not allowing women to be in the military (which is actually not true) and then it jumps around from there. The last chapter is about how women were in the service in the US Military during the war in Iraq. This is a book about the relationship between women and men in the Military. What the author says is completely wrong. First of all, women are not "in the military" at all. They are not allowed to serve in any capacity in the United States military (the reason for the ban is that it is difficult for women to get jobs in the Navy, Army, or Air Force, for example, due to the need to be physically fit, which makes it harder for them to serve as pilots). Second, it is not difficult for a woman to be able to serve her country in the US Military, although it may take a little longer than a man (the military is not as welcoming to women as it is to men). The military is a men-only job, and it's a good thing, since the military is only a job for men. The military does not hire women, and even if they did, they would not get the job as a pilot or a sailor, since they do not possess the physical ability to fly or to do the job well. So the fact that women are allowed to be part of the military as well as men is actually a positive thing, and the author makes this clear in her book. Now, let's talk about the book's subject. The author makes it clear that the U,S is the best military in the world because they have women in the Armed Forces. She then talks about how the U.,S was the first country to have women serving in the Air Force (in the 1950's), in the Marines (in World War II), and in the Army (during the Korean War). However, her explanation for this is incorrect. The U. S.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring and dull book that takes too long to get started.  The writing style is very bad, and you can't read the book for more than 5 minutes before you get to the part where the author is trying to describe how a tree moves.    If you like the book, you'll enjoy reading it, but otherwise it's just plain dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________ 1/5 I can't believe this is a new release. I've been wanting to read this for years, and finally got around to it. I love the idea of the world being a prison (of sorts). But, that is really the only thing that keeps it from being truly great. The world building is okay, and there is some interesting characters, but nothing more than that. The writing is really good too. There is just not a whole lot here. I will probably re-read this in a year to see if I have any complaints, but in the meantime, it's not worth the read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited to read this book because I've been wanting to read a good story about the history of religion since I first heard the song, "It's Alright Ma" by Faith Hill.  However, the story falls short of expectations.  The author uses an unusual plot twist in the end of the book that makes it a bit harder to read than you may have expected. _______________________________________________________ I like the author, but it was a bit of a disappointment.   There are a lot of good things about this book: the fact that it is a story about how religion influenced American culture, how people's lives changed after the advent of religion, and how people changed their lives after they left the church.  The problem is that it's all wrapped up in a rather boring story about religion and its effect on people's life and how it can be difficult to get through it.  There are also some really bad things about the book: it is very long, it is not very well written, and it is filled with stereotypes about people from the South.  I hope that this book is reviewed in a more popular book review site because it would be great to read the review of this book.  Rating: 3.75 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A few of the things I liked: 1) The characters and their relationships were well developed and believable 2) The humor was well executed 3) The action sequences were cool and fast 4) The setting was interesting and the world-building was nice and detailed The things I did not like: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of those things that is just not for me. The writing style is clunky and does not make sense. I think that there is no rhyme or reason to it at all. There are several times when the book gets off on the wrong foot, or gets a little too philosophical, but those are very few and far between. I found the writing to be very poor, especially the first few chapters. I would give it 3 stars if it was a bad author and a bad story.  It is a good read though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book had the worst plot, characterization and writing I have ever seen. The only good thing I can say about it is that I learned some new words which helped me with the rest of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I have to say I wasn't a fan of this book. It was slow, boring, and at times really depressing. I think I got bored of the main character and his problems. The writing was ok, but I wouldn't read this again."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was excited to get this book. I've heard that the book was very good. I thought the cover art was cute. It's a nice cover but I'm disappointed that the story is so flat and the characters are so lifeless and one-dimensional. I'd give this book two stars if it weren't for the fact that it doesn't contain a single good line of dialogue.  24 of 25 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only good thing I can say about this book is that it doesn't contain any graphic violence.  There is a very short rape scene (which the author, a non-fiction writer, probably forgot to include in the book), but it's a very good rape scene, one which is not nearly as graphic as some of the things I've read on other blogs.    The story is about a woman who, during her first week of a new job, meets a man on the subway.  She doesn't feel attracted to him at first, but after a few dates he becomes sexually interested in her and wants to meet up.  This is when the story starts getting really interesting.  The book is told from the woman's perspective and the author uses the narration to great effect, bringing you into the woman-man's mind as he and his girlfriend go about their daily lives.  It's a slow build and the story doesn't really get going until the final chapter, but I can't say I hated it.  I enjoyed it, though, and I'm curious to read the sequel, which I hope will be even better.  Overall, a good, quick read that doesn't take long to get through.  Highly recommended, especially for those looking for a light, fun read about a sexual encounter on the New York subway.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In the beginning I enjoyed the plot, but in the end, the book became tedious and boring to read. It was confusing and I couldn't understand how one can survive without their powers. Also, the characters in the book were uninteresting.   What a great story that the author has to tell, and it's so realistic. But in the whole book I had no feeling of excitement about it.  .     I had read that this is one of the most popular and best books of all time.   is one the best books I have read, and one of my favorite book in the genre of paranormal, horror and thriller. The book is a bit of a mix between a horror movie and a horror story, as the story was about a young woman, who was abducted and held captive for some months. The author has been very active in creating his own supernatural world, with the help of other paranormal and paranormal related books.  , and has been described by many reviewers as one of their best books. I recommend this book to anyone who likes paranormal, paranormal related, horror, thriller and thriller books. The plot of the book is very interesting, and the author did an excellent job to bring the character of a girl named Alyssa and her abduction, in a very interesting way.   to read this book, you will be enthralled by the story and you will not want to put it down, as it is a really interesting book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  You're the only one that matters.  A good book is better than an amazing one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book had a lot of problems, most of which were not my fault. The story was a bit boring, the pacing was pretty slow, and the characters were not developed in a good way. I had to look up the meaning of a lot, because I have no idea what they are saying. However, it is the beginning of a new series. I'm looking forward to reading this one. I just think that I would like a bit more action in this one, because the book did not need that much.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book because I am a fan of the book series by John Green. I liked the first two books, so I was hopeful that I would like this one as well.   Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. It is a very poorly written book that does not hold my interest. There are not enough jokes or jokes that are funny. It takes place in a very small town and the characters have very little to do, and the whole town is not as funny as the author made it seem. The writing style is very awkward and lacks the smoothness of some of John Green's earlier books. There is very little development in the book, but the characters feel very flat. There isn't much of a plot, and there are no clear themes or messages to be learned from the book. I would not recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    - - -   I was going to give this book 4 stars, but that wouldn't do it justice. I think that this book has the potential to be an amazing book, but the writing is so bad, that I'm left with a sour taste in my mouth. This is my first foray into nonfiction, and I think I got a very bad deal. The prose is so incredibly bad, I've actually been tempted to give up on this book altogether.   The story is about a woman who is trying to find her place in the world, and is looking to a man she met at a party as her guide. He doesn't really seem to understand her, and she's unsure of what to do. So she asks her friend to go get him. She's not sure she wants to.   the book is about her attempts to find a new path in life. She meets a man named John who she has a crush on, and then he doesn't respond. He's been living a lie for so long, she's lost all sense of trust in him. It's not until he tries to kill her that she realizes the extent of his depravity.   (view spoiler). He is a serial killer, and the main focus of the story is his attempts to sexually assault and kill women, and even kills one of her friends. The first woman that he tries is pretty strong, but she gets away and doesn't have to worry about him.  The main focus is on her and her friend. She is the one who tries to find out more about the man, and his past, and her own. The book is basically about her being a victim, and dealing with a man who has no moral compass. It is almost a metaphor for the woman's own life, and how she's trying to escape her own past, her own life.   She is a very good storyteller. The writing is very well done. The narrative is well thought out. It flows well, and has a very compelling and interesting story. The characters are complex and interesting, and have a very interesting back story.  But it's a terrible book. It makes me feel that I am the main character, and that I should have done more to prevent John from hurting me. And I am not sure if I would have been able to handle the trauma. I'm glad I read it, though, and will probably buy the book for her.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a complete waste of time.   I'm an avid reader. I've read over 100 books, and I've only read a handful that were bad. I don't understand how people can think that a book like this is good. The author has no clue how to write a good book. I was looking forward to reading this book, but I didn't enjoy it at all. I didn  I liked the book, I'm just not a fan of the author's writing style.  This review is only for the book that was included in the paperback edition.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________. ___________. _____. ____. __________________ __________ _______. _______  4 stars for the story and the first 2 books. The last 3 are horrible and the writing is terrible. I was really excited about the first 3 but then this one was awful. I wish I could give it 0 stars, but I can't. I have been looking for a book that I can enjoy and I can actually get excited about and I found it in this one. It is really fun and really cute and a lot of fun to read, but then it goes downhill and it's all about a cat and his sister and all the time they spend playing and stuff like that. It's like the story is written to make you laugh and not to make a serious story. If I was a kid and this book was about a kid who didn't have any friends and the parents were so mean to him and he doesn't have anyone and he has to play games to have friends and then he starts a fight with his sister that she just doesn't care about then I'd be in trouble but then I'm a kid, so I get it. I just don't get why this book is so popular and so many people like it and I'm sorry I bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I enjoyed this book, but it really isn't a great book. This is a good, well-written book, so I expected some great story. Unfortunately, the story doesn't follow through. The characters are mostly one-dimensional. I am a huge fan of the author, and I wanted to like this book. The book is about a guy who has his heart broken, so he goes on a search to find a new girlfriend to replace her. He gets involved with the wrong girl. He is an old-fashioned romantic, so the whole story sounds great. But then he falls in love. The whole story is one-sided. It is obvious that he has no hope with her, but he goes through with it anyway. But the whole book is so depressing, so sad. He doesn't have a future, and the whole thing just sucks. I mean, I love a good romance story, but this one just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book as a college freshman and it was a great introduction to the field. However, the book suffers from a few serious flaws. For starters, the author fails to properly distinguish between the two main groups of genes that contribute to the variation in human height. For instance, he suggests that the height difference between the tall and the short is the result of the fact that tall people tend to be taller than short people and the shortest tend to have short stature. However this is wrong because it implies that the only difference in the genes for height is the height of the person. However height is not the only thing that can affect height. It is possible that short people have a short allele in their height gene (which would then be passed on to the child) or they are just naturally tall. There is a long debate in the field about whether or not people's height is genetically determined or just environmental. If this was a true question about height then we would expect a difference in height between people who have different amounts of height genes. This book fails to provide this information.   This book also fails to address the fact of race differences in height.  This book is written in a way that makes it seem as though people are being described in the same way as they are being categorized in the American racial hierarchy. This is a real problem because it does not provide a proper description of the race and does not adequately address the issues raised by the book. The fact that this book is about "race" should have been noted at the beginning. However the author chose to leave it at that and made it seem like the book was about the same thing as the race books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is about the lives of two people, both of them suffering with chronic illnesses, who meet at a drugstore and end up getting involved in a bizarre and highly erotic affair. The first thing I noticed about this book is that the author, in her description of the affair, makes the reader sound like a little kid. She is constantly telling us how naive the protagonist is, how naive she is, about sex, about people, about life in general. It is all very childlike and innocent, but the author is too self-absorbed to see how wrong this is.   She also makes the protagonist into a sort of parody of a "normal" teenage girl who is too idealistic and naive to understand how things work in the real world. The way she treats the character in this book reminds me a lot of that classic book about an idealistic girl, "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", which is why I decided to give this book 3 stars instead of 5.   "The Way" is a bad romantic novel that is meant to be read by children. The main characters are very child-like, and they do not know what they are doing. They are very naive about the world and the meaning of love. The relationship between the two main characters is very "childish" and romantic. This novel is about two people who do not even know that they want to have sex, and are not even in a place to ask for it.  , I give this one a 1.5 star rating. If I were a little older and a little wiser I would have given it 4 stars, but I am not that kind of person.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total waste of time and money. I had read the book in a few different formats, from paperback to e-book, so I was expecting to like this.  But, like many books I have read, this is a complete mess.  The story is told in three sections.    "The Girl in the River" is a little over the top.  A lot of it is very long-winded, repetitive, and boring.  The main character, a girl who's mother and father are in the medical field, goes to the hospital and gets an operation on her.  She wakes up and has the operation done.  Her mom goes in for a few minutes to get some stuff for her and the doctor comes in.  In the end, it turns out that the girl in the river is not the one who has the problem, but her mother is.  That's the story.  There's some weird plot device where the doctor's mother is a "miracle" who is able to cure a girl's cancer and then has the girl tell the doctor that she knows he's the doctor.  Then the doctor turns out to be a con-artist and tells the girl to kill her mom.  This is followed by a whole bunch of crazy stuff happening with the girl's parents.  I really wanted this to be something good.  But, it was just over the Top and, in the end, I didn't want to finish it.  If you really want to read a book about a girl whose mom and father get in a fight and then the daughter is the one to save her mom's life, you can do that at any time.    The "Girl in the Water" section was just too over thetop.  So I didn 't want to continue reading this book, but I did pick it up again to finish some of the other sections. "Walking the Dog" is another story that was over the edge.  It's told from the point of view of the girl who gets her dog from the vet.  After she gets the dog, she gets in a minor car accident.  One of her feet is broken.  Later on, she's told that she's going to have surgery to fix the foot.  When she gets there, the doctor says she's in a lot of pain.  Not much happens, so the girl tells the doctor
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bad book is not a good book, and it's not a book that will stand up to the test of time.  It's a book written for an older audience, and that audience might not like what they're getting in exchange for their money. ______________________________________________________________ Read on and learn! If you're interested in getting a copy of my newest e-book, you can get it here: ___________________________________________________ In the course of writing this book I got to know a lot of people who had been through some serious shit, both emotionally and physically.  I also learned a lot about what makes people tick, and what's so compelling about people who have been through the most horrible shit.  It's pretty hard to write a book about what it's like to be in a bad relationship, because it's so hard to be a good person.  In a good relationship, there's a level of respect between the partners that allows them to make tough decisions that affect their own emotional well being and the well being of the relationship as a whole.  The people who write books about bad relationships often don't have that respect for the partners, and they're often more interested in what the partners are doing in their private lives than what's going on in their relationships.   In this book, I talk about the importance of having a sense of perspective.  Having that perspective allows you to see how much you really value what you have, and to recognize how much the other person values what they have.  To do that, you have to be willing to give it up to see the best in other people. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was really looking forward to this book. It has a very unique and creative premise and it was really cool to see a story like this done in a different medium. The artwork is great as well. I found the story to be somewhat interesting and the art to be a little on the plain side for my taste. The ending was a bit underwhelming, but not the worst I've read.   It's a very original story and I'm glad I read it. It's a little slow paced but if you like something like this, you'll probably enjoy it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A very poor book." (The book, by the way, is not bad. It's just not very good.)
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________This book was so awful. It was filled with so many obvious mistakes. It took me about 3.5 hours to read through it. This book was terrible, I wouldn't even want to read it if I didn't have to do other work. It is about the life of a famous comedian named "Poe". The book starts out with a character named "Bess" who is the "first girl to date" Poe. Bess is an awful character. She's not funny, she's not interesting, she isn't interesting in any way. She has nothing of any substance. She doesn't even try to be funny. She just sits there and says the most bland, boring, uninteresting thing possible. She does have one thing, though: her hair. B-B-Beautiful. I didn�t even bother with the rest of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a bad movie. I did like the story and the characters, the special effects were great, the fight scenes were good, and the script was very good. But the special features on this DVD are a letdown. The feature on the "Lost" DVD was terrible and the movie itself was a disappointment, not to mention the fact that the original DVD release was better. There are plenty of good things in this film, but this is a bad disc.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book as an introduction to the works of William Shakespeare. The writing style was very good, and the information was presented well. The author also included a synopsis of Shakespeare's works. The main problem I had with the book was the cover. I thought the title " The Complete Works of William Shakespear" should have been the cover image. The cover looked like a children's book. The spine of the book did not match the title. The book itself was very well written, and I thought it was a good book for people who want to learn more about Shakespeare. I can only give it 3.5 stars. I would have liked to see a more original cover, or even the spine in a different color.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   "The book does not live up to the hype." -JT  "[I] found this book to be a good intro to the field of cognitive neuroscience and to the general scientific background behind this field. It is also a good primer on how the brain works and is organized. The book is a good introduction to the basic concepts of the neurobiological brain." -PJ
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It's too bad that this is a book about people who have been to heaven and hell. If it was a story about a bunch of people who went to hell, it would be great, but it's a story that talks about a small group of people going to hell.   My main problem with this book is that it takes so long to get to the point that it's hard to follow the plot and it feels like the author was trying to write a trilogy. The whole book is really boring and it just ends with some more boring dialogue that doesn't make sense.   the only positive thing about this book: the writing is good, it's well written and there is nothing wrong with the writing.   of the three books i have read so far, this is the best.   a review of a book by a reviewer who had not read the book:  I've read this book, but I have not read anything else about the church.   is this book worth reading?:  Absolutely!   This is a great book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not expecting much out of this book. It has been described as a 'dark' fantasy novel, but that was just a way to describe it to me. It was dark, and gritty, but also very much a fantasy novel. The plot was very basic. There is a war going on, and the main characters are soldiers. The war has been going on for a long time, and is about to end. The soldiers are tired of the conflict, but one of the characters is a girl, and that sets the story into a twisty and suspenseful plot that leaves you thinking and guessing. The characters were very well developed and believable. The author is known for writing very dark books, and I could not have asked for more out of the plot. I have read and liked many of her books, but I thought this one was the best of them.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was looking forward to this book for a while, and was looking for a good, fun read, but it fell flat in every way.   First off, the story, while good, is incredibly confusing. It was confusing at least two times I had to stop and think. The whole thing was confusing and not very fun to read. The ending didn't make any sense either. The author was clearly on his way to a good story, but couldn't seem to finish it.   on the plus side, the characters are very interesting, and I'm still thinking about them after finishing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first book I read in this series (after having finished all the others) is not a good book. The author doesn't have a good grasp on what he's writing about and in some places the story just reads like an exercise in writing clichés.  It's really a book about the protagonist's quest to be accepted and loved by everyone, and this is clearly not what the author is going for.    The second book in the series (The House of Shattered Wings) is much better.  It's a much more enjoyable book, the story is more engaging and the characters are a lot more interesting.  The last book in this trilogy (The Dragonbone Chair) is a little less interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I wish the book was longer and more coherent." It was a good book, and it's not the first book on the topic.  This is probably a good starting point, though I was a bit disappointed in some of the references to other works, particularly a couple of the reviews on Goodreads (they didn't get much better).  It's certainly not a bad way to start, but it's definitely not a great one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I'm sorry to say I did not like this book at all." "I am sorry I wasted my time on this. I feel like I wasted $9 on a book I will probably never read."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book was written by a woman, for women. It was not written by any woman.  It's an attempt to get the women to realize the importance of a man to the woman, but it is also written by women for women." It is not written from a woman's perspective, but by a women who is also a woman. And, of course, I think it is a good book to be read by women, because it talks about the important things women should consider when making a decision.  It's also a great book for the women who are interested in getting a better understanding of what they're looking for in a man.    Read full review:  Amazon
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ I was expecting something very different from the first book I read in this series. I had read that the second book would be the final one, but I had no idea that I would be stuck with a very poor ending to the series. The book's pacing was very good throughout, but the ending felt rushed and didn't come together well.   The book takes place in a small town in upstate New York. The main character, Michael, has a very hard time relating to his father and brother. As the story moves along, Michael becomes more interested in a new girl he meets named Sara. Michael's best friend, Joe, has moved to another town to get away from the stresses of the town and the family. Michael doesn't know why his father isn't coming home. He is a loving father and the story is about the love between Michael and his father.   the first part of the book is very good. Michael has a lot of problems and is constantly in conflict with people. His dad is constantly away, so Michael has to look out for himself. He has no one but his family and they are struggling to cope. Michael is not very nice, and when he goes to do his best to help his dad out, it comes back to bite him in the ass. The way the book starts, you are not sure what to expect. Michael does a good job of showing how bad things are and what is going on with his family, but when the book moves on, it seems that the story was not written to be a happy one. Michael goes through a lot, but it seems like the story did not come together in a good way.   is one of the best books I have read recently. Michael and Sara do an excellent job of telling their story. The relationship between Michael, his dad, and his brother, is very well done. I found that the characters were very believable. They were relatable and the relationships they had were strong. I really liked the character of Joe. I felt that he was the best part of this book. He was relatable, he had a lot going on, but he had his faults too. I think he was a really good character. The pacing of the story really slowed down towards the end. It seemed like the author was having trouble writing the story.  , although not a good book. I was not impressed by the ending. It felt like it was rushed. I thought the book would go
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "A poor book, very poor. I could not finish it. The book is so badly written, and poorly plotted, that it's not worth the time of the reader to try and decipher what's happening, because it's very confusing. I'm so glad I can finally put this book behind me, and that I have nothing to add to the pile of negative reviews it has already received. I can't recommend this book at all."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book to see if it could be more than the other reviews and I wasn't impressed at all. It's about the first week in the life of a young man who is on the run from his own mother and father and his girlfriend.   I thought that the author did a pretty good job with the writing and the plot and the character development but I didn't find the story interesting.  I didn`t like the character of the boyfriend at all and I didn\'t really like the relationship between the two of them.  The plot was pretty good and I enjoyed the book but I think it's more than its price tag and I probably will not be buying it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________   The best part about this book is the title. I was going to give this book a 1-star review, but the title made me curious to read more. This book is a great collection of quotes, but in a lot of cases the quote is taken out of context. The quote, "You can have the best ideas in the world, but if you're not willing to put in the work to turn those ideas into a working product, then you're just wasting your time," comes from a book called "You Can't Do It Without Me" by Eric Thomas, a well-known speaker, author, and blogger. While I love Thomas, I felt like he was giving advice to people who already have the perfect idea, but don't know how to make it work. I've had people tell me I can't do something, but then tell me they have a perfect idea and can't find a way to make their idea work. It's like, "Hey, if you can't make it happen, why not do it right now? The fact that you can do it is just icing on the cake." I get it. I'm not trying to be a jerk here, I'm just trying to make a point about how we can't always see the forest for the trees. I love quotes, so this is one that is definitely worth a read. If you don't like it, it's fine, I don't care. If anyone knows how to implement a good idea, let me know.   What I Liked:   -Favorite quote: "It's never too late to do the right thing. But it's never, ever too late for a good laugh."   I don't really know why, but I love this quote. It has a lot to do with me and my own experiences with other people. I know a lot people think that when you're the CEO of a company, you're above all that. But I'm here to tell you that it's not true. You have to take a few lessons from every other person in your life. I think this quote is a good one to learn from.   of this book, and if you like quotes, then check it out. It is well written, well organized, and the quote list is amazing.  , and I am definitely going to read the rest of the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I had a great time reading this book, but I can't recommend it to people who haven't experienced the type of trauma that is so often present in relationships.   I'm currently in the process of separating from my abusive ex-husband. This book has a great deal of information about what it's like to go through a divorce, but the details about my relationship with my ex-partner were extremely difficult to bear. My ex is a manipulative man who has a nasty temper and is a horrible listener. He uses all sorts of manipulation to get what he wants. He lies, manipulates, and manipulates some more. It was almost impossible to get through the book.  - My ex's abuse is not only verbal but also physical. He threw a chair at me, kicked my back, punched me, pushed me, and hit me with a belt. He hit me in the face and put me on the ground and then punched me in my face when I tried to get up and run. He has also taken out a restraining order against me and is still trying to get it back. He keeps saying he is trying to keep me safe from him. When I have gone out to the gym with him and we go out to dinner and he hits me, it has been very difficult to watch.   and:   - The abusive relationship is not just about physical violence. It is also emotional, sexual, financial, and physical abuse. When he gets drunk, he is abusive in all of these ways. I had to move out because of the abuse and I am still afraid of him. I cannot trust him to look out for me or to care about me. I have tried to leave him many times, but he has always found a way to come back. When you get through all of this, you will realize how hard it is to leave a person like that. I hope the book helps you.  ,   (January 10, 2009)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I bought this book based on its reputation as a great read. However, the book's only real redeeming quality is that it contains a "how-to" section which gives you tips on how to make a really great book that's also a fun read. It's also pretty funny, although it has some cliches in it (such as "fascinating" and "funny") that don't work for me. The writing is decent, although the pacing isn't very good and the story is very rushed. I wouldn't call it great, but I would definitely recommend it to a friend, and I'd definitely recommend reading this if you want a fun book about how to become a "superb" writer.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first 3 chapters are so badly written I was about to give up after the first chapter. The author, while not bad, does a bad job in the beginning of describing the setting. It's like the author has read an old fantasy book from the 80's and didn't bother to research anything about the book. It also has a lot of the typical author's "feel good" stories. The ending was also not a happy one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a good book, but not a great one. I was hoping that this book would be like the first two books, but it wasn't. In fact, I think this book was worse than the last two. The story of the war was fine, but there was way too much in it. I don't know how many times you needed to read the whole thing before it got interesting. The plot had a lot going on, but the characters just felt a bit hollow. It made me wish that they would have just put the whole war into one book instead of splitting it up. I know that it was supposed to be about the war itself, but I couldn't help but wonder what the author would have done with the story if it had been about just the main character's life during the war. I liked the main characters, but he just didn't get enough time to develop. He's very good at fighting and is very good in combat, but we get almost no time with him as he's fighting so much. It also seemed like there was more going on in his life during war than there actually was. For example, we don't even know what he was doing with his time before the war because he's so busy fighting that he hardly has time to do anything. The ending was also a bit of a let down because I think that the author could have gotten away with a little more character development. Overall, I would recommend this book to people who want to read a good, short book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  A book is a piece of paper that is held in a reader's hand. I know that's not true, but you know what I mean.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is boring. I'm not saying this because it is the book I read last. I mean I read it. It was the book you bought me. But I did not enjoy it. There is no suspense. It just goes from one thing to another. I think I can see why this book is so popular. I can't say I enjoyed it at all. I am really disappointed." -  Aisha "I think this book was a bit more enjoyable than the one before, but it still doesn't really deliver on the story it sets out to tell. The first two thirds of the book are about a young woman who is being stalked by a guy who is obsessed with her. The second half of the story follows the man as he goes after another woman. While this one is a bit better, I still can't really get into it. I feel like I'm reading an urban fantasy/detective story. There's nothing wrong with it, but that is really the only thing that I think is good about this book. I don't know why it took me this long to read this book, but I think the story really is what makes this book interesting." -   A "It is one of those books that seems like it was written for a teenage audience but the story is far too complicated to fit that demographic. It's hard to find something interesting about it and that's what I get out of it." - D "The main problem with this book seems to be that the writing is really bad. It doesn't take long to realize why, because the characters all say things that make you question their sanity. I didn't know what was going on until I finished it. This was the only problem I had with this story." - C "My wife and I finished this book and enjoyed it a lot, but as far as plot goes, we couldn't really connect with anything. I liked the characters, but my wife just didn't. She had a hard time getting into it."  - A There is a little bit of something for everyone in this book! This is a short story collection by Sarah J. Maas. The stories are all original, well written, and quite beautiful. If you like romance or detective stories, this book should be right up your alley. I personally found the story style to be a little too complicated for my taste. I also found the characters to be uninteresting
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________ A great story about an incredible family. It was just a bit too long for me to finish in one sitting. It had a lot of really great story lines, but I felt like I was just reading about the characters in the first place, which really took away from the whole experience. I would recommend this book to people who enjoy a good book and great characters, but have trouble with long books. If you are looking for something to read that is short and sweet, but has great character development, and is also good in the story department, this book is the book for you. I really enjoyed the ending and will definitely read more by this author!
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- This book was a waste of my time. I don't understand why anyone would buy this book, and why someone would bother with this book. The story is pretty lame. It's all about a young woman trying to solve a murder. The first half is mostly about her trying to figure out what happened. She finds out that the man she's trying to protect has been cheating on her for a couple of years, so she decides to investigate his wife and her boyfriend. That's pretty much it. She gets more information, she goes to the scene of the crime, she finds the murder weapon, and she solves the murder. Nothing else happens, and it's boring as hell. I couldn't get past the first two thirds of the book. I'd give it a 1/2 star, but that's about it. There's so much information in the first half that I can't get into it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     I love this book and I've read it twice already. It's a book about a young girl, a good friend of mine and my husband. I really enjoy her books and this one was perfect for me. This book has a bit of a twist and is a bit more funny than the first one. I thought it would be a little bit more serious than the previous one but I think that's the point. I can't wait for the next book! I can definitely recommend this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    - I read this book in the hope that it would be a fun read. It wasn't. It was boring.   It's just the usual story of a girl's struggle to get her first book published.  It has nothing to do with anything.  And it's boring. I mean, it's a good read, but it's not much of one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's just a mess of crap, it's too long and too unfocused. I can't stand this book. I would have much rather listened to the original trilogy, but it's just not worth the effort.  A little too much for me to stomach.  "In the name of all that is good and right, let us never again let the dark lie hid within us." The Dark Knight Returns The Dark Tower I've read through this book a few times.    This book is one of my all-time favorites.  I've never been a big Stephen King fan but this series was on my "to read" list.  A good story with some great characters.  This is not a book for children.  The only thing I wish they did differently was to add some more of the humor to this book, but the book is still great.  It was fun to read this book because I've always liked King's work and I like his characters. The only problem I have with this book is that it takes so long to get to the good stuff.  And I have to admit, I was kind of bored with the beginning, which was a real turn off.  As for the plot line, I liked it.  What could I say, it is a good story.  If you are a fan of Stephen King then you will love this book and I am sure you will enjoy it as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    If you're looking for a really good book with a strong focus on characters, plot and theme, this is it.   I read this book because it's a re-release of a classic book from a well-known publisher, and I'm so glad I got it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete disaster.  It's a bad story and a terrible storyteller.  This book's plot is so bad that it's almost unbelievable.  I'm not even going to go into the main plot points.  If you've read the book, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  There's no character development.  No development. No tension.  Just a bunch of people getting murdered.  The characters don't have any life.  They don't grow.  It's not just a matter of the bad writing, it's the poor execution of the plot.  Even when the bad plot points do get addressed, they get brushed off with nothing but "oh, it'll get better in the next book" and "next book will fix this"  The book starts off with a prologue.  You don't know anything about the characters or their lives, you don't even know anything the main characters are doing.  We learn about the main character's mother.  She's just a typical mother.  It's about her life.   She's never really had any problems in her life, she's always had a happy family and everything is going great.  This doesn't last long.  When the book shifts to her father, he's just as bland as his mother.   He's the same boring father.  He seems to do nothing but get on his daughter's nerves.   There's only one problem with this story: it's terrible.  In fact, it might be the worst book I've ever read in my life. I was very skeptical about this book, because I'm normally a fan of well written fantasy.  However, this book is just awful.  A huge plot hole makes the entire plot pointless.  What happened to the book?  Why did the characters keep switching from one book to another?  What the hell happened to this book?  The book is really bad.    I don't recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book was okay. But, there was no depth to it. I had no idea what happened before the final battle, and that was the problem. If I wanted to know what happened after that, I could have read a book like the series by Robert Jordan. But that was my problem, and I would have been very satisfied with that. I really don't think that you can learn much about anything in this book, besides that it's the story of a man who's on the run and the book is all about the plot of his escape. It's not an entertaining read. This is the first book I have read by J.K.Rowling. I was really excited to start this series and was so pleased when I started. I'm very sorry to say that I will probably wait for the next book in the series, because this book had so much potential. It was a good book, but it's just not very deep or well-thought-out.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book from a used book store that was selling used books. This is one of those books that had me excited about reading it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed in the book.  The book is poorly written and filled with spelling errors and spelling mistakes.   One of my main complaints about the book is that the book's main character is a dumb, lazy, and lazy kid.  The kid has a history of poor choices and has a low IQ.  As a result, he spends much of his time playing games like Angry Birds.  Even when he's not playing Angry Birds, he's playing video games like Candy Crush and World of Warcraft.   I was actually surprised to find out that he is a video game nerd.  It's almost as if he's trying to outdo his younger brother.  Unfortunately, he doesn't realize that he's being lazy and that playing video game is a waste of time.  This makes him incredibly stupid, but he is smart enough to realize that the best way to accomplish his goals is to play video games.  Instead of trying to be smart, he just gets distracted by playing games. I don't know about you, but I hate that I can't play games anymore.  I used to play these games religiously, and now I just play them for the fun of it.  So many video games have been developed over the last 15 years that they are now almost obsolete.  They're fun for a few minutes, but the long term effects of playing video video games are bad.  These video games were designed to be played by children who had no interest in education.  Today, many of these children are reading books, but they still play video game.  If you're a parent and you want your child to be able to read, it would be smart to let him play video video game instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a hard time putting down any book that I enjoy, but this book just wasn't my cup of tea. I'm a big fan of sci-fi and fantasy, but I find myself reading things that I know are bad.  This book is not one of them.  "I've never been a big reader. I don't have a lot of time for books, even when they're good. I know they're bad, but that's how it is for me. I like the idea of a good book that people think is bad. It just doesn't appeal to me." (I'm just gonna let that go on for a bit)
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a really interesting book, but the main character is really, really annoying and a really boring person. She spends most of the book getting into some trouble and making a fool of herself, while her boyfriend (who is a very smart guy) does absolutely nothing but look on and smile at her shenanigans. She also constantly reminds the reader of how much she loves him, even though she does a lot of stupid and reckless things. It's annoying. This book doesn't make you want to read more books about characters that you just want to beat up. I'd recommend this book to a friend who likes interesting characters that do dumb things, or for someone who likes being the hero of their own story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book over and over. I just couldn't get into it. It was so badly written that it was more of a chore than anything else. The characters are just flat and boring.  It would have been nice if the author had been able to develop them more.  5 Stars:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not one of those people who love to hate a book.   For me it was a great read, it just wasn't the book I was expecting.  The plot wasn't bad but the characterizations were terrible and the story was rushed.  The main character in this book was a character that I was hoping to see.   The main character, Aisha, had some great traits, such as being very clever and a smart person.  But I thought that it was just a big part of the story.  The plot was rushed and the character development just didn't feel earned.  If you liked this book or are looking for something new to read you should look elsewhere.  I give it 4/10
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- This is not a book I would read on a first read through. I got a very boring book with no character development. This is a good book if you have no idea who the characters are but have a vague idea of the world.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had heard good things about this book and I wanted to get a copy for my collection. However, I read it the second time around and this time, I found that I could not have given it less stars. The main problem I have with this book is that it has no characters, no plot and it's just a bunch of clichés and cliches. The book has the same problem as the movie, it's a bunch the plot devices. There's not really any action or suspense to be had. And the whole book feels very forced. I really couldn't tell if the author is trying to get some kind of emotional payoff from the book or if she just wanted to make a quick buck off of this movie. It's just too bad that the author made this book so bad and didn't make it better. I'm not a huge movie buff but I would have been more inclined to like it if the book had been a little more interesting. I don't mind a movie that has good actors, a good script and is well made, but I'm just not that into this book. I would much rather have read a book like  The House on Mango Street  or  The Haunting of Hill House. This review originally appeared on my blog. I've been a huge fan of Michael Crichton since I read his novel, The Andromeda Strain. He was a huge influence on my generation. This is one of his first novels. His books are always fun and entertaining and this one is no exception.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "You have to be the first person to tell your children that the world is not fair."  --Molly Ringwald "This book has no plot."  --Chris Van Allsburg, author of The Last of the Mohicans "An amazing adventure"  -D.J. Grothe, author of  The Black Hammer,  The Great God Pan,  and  The Long Way to a Small Angry Planet "The most exciting thing about this book is the magic. You have to read it in one sitting. It is a fantastic adventure."    "It's a must-read book for children of any age." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, not a masterpiece. It is good and not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have to say, I'm disappointed in the end of the book. The ending is very disappointing and is a complete letdown. In my opinion, this book doesn't need the ending, but for a story that's supposed to be about a boy, I think a little more detail is needed. I would have liked a bit more about what happened after he left. I can't wait to read the next book in this series and hope that it will be a better ending for this series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is so bad I can't even put it in a book list, but I'm still going to give it a 3 because there is some great stuff in here!  In other reviews I've seen people say that the writing style is not what I would call a "story" (in a sense, a story has to have some structure to it) but I actually like this style better because I think it allows for more of the characters' development.  There are still some plot points that don't work though (like the guy who just keeps giving the book to his son and then gives it back to his wife for him to read because it's a Christmas present).  And the ending (the one I'm talking about) is actually a really dumb way to wrap things up.  I wish they had left that part out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did enjoy the book and read it in one sitting, but I just can't recommend it.  The main character, J, is a college student and is the only one of the three friends to go through a breakup and has some serious issues in his relationship with his girlfriend.  This is a very mature story with many emotional and physical problems.  I liked J a lot, but the problems in his life just were not believable.   It's very hard to get through the book.  It has a very dark and realistic feel.  And it doesn't give any indication that J's problems are all in his head, which is a big plus.  This is an excellent book for anyone who wants to read a story with a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I've ever read.  If you're looking for a good read about being a woman in the 1970's, this book is definitely a good choice.    I thought I was in for a great read but after reading this book I'm glad I turned away.  The book starts out with the author explaining the concept of "male privilege."   I wasn't expecting a lecture on male privilege, so I had no idea this book was going to be bad.  The premise of the book is that the oppression women have suffered has led to a system where men are given "privilege" that other women don't.  This isn't new and it isn't even a new concept.  Women have been getting this "privileges" for centuries.  There are countless examples of how this is true.  I'm going to focus on the most ridiculous examples I could find.  To begin, it was written that women can't be successful in the sciences, engineering, and math because we are "naturally" inclined to prefer "women's work" because of our biological makeup.  So women in the 1800's were told they had a "nature" and women in this century are being told they have a "nurture."  There is no biological basis for gender preference.  And if there was, it would still be considered a biological choice.   The second example of how women were told we were born in the wrong body is when the author of the piece explains that women have a better ability to be doctors and nurses because we don't have to deal with the male hormone.  Now, I'm not a doctor and I'm certainly not a nurse, but I am a woman.  It's not just that I have a different hormone than men, I also have different hormones than women who aren't me.  When you're a man and you're given a choice between having a sex change or having surgery, you're going to pick the surgery.  My own biological makeup isn't a big deal, but it is a big issue to many women.  For example, there are so many women who are born without vaginas, so they have to use their clitorises to have sex.  (I know because I'm one of them.)  The same thing goes for breasts, but men have breasts and breasts are seen as male and therefore they can get jobs where women can only have
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I've had this book for a long time and I just can't get into it. It is very repetitive, it's not well-written and it doesn't have much plot. I just want to stop reading it. I've read many of the other stories in the series and the stories are just as bad.  Helpful it was written by a female. I am not sure why this book has such a low rating. The writing is very descriptive and is very well-done. It's a short story and the pacing is very good. It doesn't really have much of a plot. The story takes place on a ship which is a lot of fun to read. The author does not go into much detail but does not need to. It was written in a very straightforward manner and was a good read. If I were to rate it higher, I would give it a 7.  The title is pretty self-explanatory and it's a really fun story. I did enjoy it a lot. ....   I read the first two stories in this book and the first one was really good. I think it's one of the first books I've ever read that is not terrible. I don't know why it's so low on the rating but I can't give it anything more than a 3.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is the worst book I have ever read.  It has nothing going for it.    It is a boring, slow, stupid book.  It has very little plot.  The plot is just about the girl getting fucked by a guy.  They fuck, they fuck some more, then she has sex with her best friend, then they fuck a little bit more, and then fuck a bunch more.  If you read the description of the book, you would know this is about sex, but you would be surprised at how much this book is about that.  This is not a book you should read unless you are a huge fan of the genre.  And if you are like me, you will be bored by the book.   So what's so bad about this book?    I think the book suffers from being written by a person who is just not a great writer.  He is a good writer but the characters in this book are terrible.  These are people who have never been in a relationship before.  I have been in two long term relationships, and this book has the typical problems of a relationship gone bad.  She doesn't want to sleep with him, he doesn't respect her, she is jealous of the other guy, he is a bit of a jerk, and he's really fucking ugly.  There is not one good character in this story.  This book is like a big middle finger to the romance genre.     I was a huge horror fan growing up and this was like the horror equivalent of a good romance.  But this book isn't even good in that genre. I feel like this book was a bit more of a romance novel with a horror twist.  So I recommend not reading this book unless you like horror and a slow burn. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The thing that made this book so frustrating to read was that there was no reason for any of the characters to fall in love with each other. I thought that a lot of the romance in this book would be because they were both in the wrong for not dating the person they really want, but in fact it was the opposite. It's like someone had to tell the reader, "Hey! You didn't get the point of this book. It was supposed to be about friendship and friendship should be about wanting to be together." But the author never explains it. And this makes it even more frustrating because it doesn't really seem like he cares. In the end I just wanted it to be over. I was so sad, because all the things I've read about this book I had been expecting to be true, it just wasn't. The only character who is happy in the end is the boy. I'm just really disappointed with this book!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the most poorly written books I have ever read.  It was also one of those books that made me go back and reread it multiple times to make sure I was really reading it correctly.  I will tell you why.  It was full of the type of clichés that make me cringe as a reader, but are still accepted by many authors for their lack of substance.   You have a young girl who is an orphan and a drug addict.  She has been on the run from her father since the age of ten and has just run into a local gang who are looking to kill her.  They do not even seem to be very well trained, as they get into a lot of trouble, but they still manage to capture the girl.  Now she has no family, no home, no job, no friends, and no means of making a living.  This is going to be a tough life for her, but she is determined to be strong.  Then you have the young man who is also a gang member.  He has his father dead to rights, and he wants revenge.  In this book you have a lot more on the side of the bad guys.  But you also have a very good character in the middle, one who is a father, a husband, and a loving father.  If that is not enough, you have an interesting story that has some real life problems in it.  I can tell you from personal experience that you do not want to read about these problems unless they are absolutely relevant to the plot.  There were a lot of plot holes and issues that bothered me.  One thing that did bother me, and this was a very minor thing, but the way they portrayed the war between the local gangs was not very accurate.  Some gangs were just as violent as the others, but there was a definite distinction between the two.  These differences did not just go in one direction.  The local gangs were much more violent than the ones in the city, and had a much more sophisticated, well-trained, and well-funded military.  That made them seem much more dangerous than the other gangs.  Also, you will notice that there is a lot less conflict in the last third of the book.  So when it was over, I was disappointed that the plot wasn't much better.   In summary, it is an okay book.   I give
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed the book but the author is over-familiar and is a bit of a bore.  She is also very dry.    The book was about the life of a woman who has two daughters, who are all in their twenties.  The first two books in the series are about a man with a daughter.  I think that this is the book I was looking forward to.  However, this book is really the second half of a trilogy and doesn't stand alone.  It has all the elements of a good romance but I just found it annoying.  This is also a book that I would recommend to those who love a good story but who don't like romance.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ I bought this book as a gift for my husband. I loved it, but unfortunately, the chapters were badly organized and difficult to read. I didn't realize that the book was supposed to be in one continuous story. I tried to follow the story, but it just wasn't there. I am looking forward to reading another book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________  This book is very good, it's a lot of fun to read and has a lot to say about the modern world. I recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book had a lot of potential but just fell short. The story was very good, and I could see the potential. The characters were interesting, and the book was easy to follow. Unfortunately, it was not.   The story is told from the perspective of a group of five people who are trying to rescue a kidnapped young girl from the villainous Dr. Doom. As the group is trying to find the kidnapped girl, they are also trying to escape from a horde of zombies. The pacing of the story is not good. At the beginning, I thought the book had some potential. I liked the concept, but it was slow going. The group of heroes needed to go through the same maze, but the pacing was not as good as it could have been. The villains and villains themselves were interesting. I enjoyed the way they were written. They were funny and their dialogue was well written. I was surprised that the villain was so evil and the hero so stupid.   the villain, as a character, had a sense of humor. The other villains were not as bad as he was, and they were not funny as well. The heroes also were not very smart. I also found the book too slow paced.   This is a good book, but I would not recommend it to anyone. I think that the book should have been split up. I thought that the whole group could have used more time to explore their situation and I thought they were slow at times. I do think that this is a fun story, but not a very good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I have read two of these in a row and they are very boring, and don't seem to work. The last one has a lot of good info on how to do this, but nothing I can use or use in my work. They are really just books to teach you how to be a good reader, which I am sure the publishers would love to sell, but in the end I feel like I am being told what to do, not what to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know about the other reviewers who say it is not a good book. The author's style is very good, I find her writing style easy to follow and easy to read. The characters are all very well-developed and have a lot of depth. The plot is interesting, but it gets a bit repetitive after a while, and I found myself wanting to know more about the background story of each character. I think that the author should have given more focus to the other characters as well, because their development is pretty good too. Overall, a good read with interesting and well-written characters. 4.5 out of 5 stars "In a time of war, the most sacred of secrets—the secrets of the past—become weapons of war. The most precious—the very lives of the living—becomes nothing more than a resource for a deadly new kind of war." The novel takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where, thanks to the advancements of science, mankind is able to produce new, stronger soldiers by injecting them with the genetic material of a powerful creature called the "Drake." The book's plot is pretty interesting, as the main characters (Drake) are sent to a new city where they are put in a "drugged-out" state, to fight the war in a different way. The story is also interesting, because we get to see how the different factions work in the world of the post-nuclear society. I found the writing to be pretty good and easy-to-follow, and the book is very well written. I enjoyed the book and am glad I read it. The only downside to this novel is the ending. I don't really know how the story will end, but I know the author is very much trying to keep the book unpredictable, and that could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on your perspective. If you're looking for an interesting and unique post-post apocalyptic book, this one is a good place to start. 9/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book sucked. The only good thing about this book is the cover, but even that's not good.  I just want to give a bad review because it was so bad.  This book had a very good cover but the book sucked so bad it ruined the cover.   The book is about a young man named Peter who is born with a bad back, a bad eye, and a bad leg.  It is said that when he was a baby he got beat up by a gang of bullies, but he managed to get back up and beat them back and even get his leg back.  He is now on his way to being the greatest kickboxer in the world, but something is wrong with him, and he is not good enough.  This book is all about the struggle of Peter to become a great kickbox fighter, and how he eventually gets his back, eye, leg back, and even his baby back.   I think the story itself is alright, but the characters and the way they're written are just awful.  I felt the writers were trying to write Peter as a badass with a really bad attitude.  Unfortunately, Peter is just that, a big ass asshole.  The writing style of Peter is like when you go on a date with a person and they tell you they are the most beautiful person you have ever seen.  They say all the right things but the truth is they are a horrible person.  Peter is the same way.  His entire personality is the complete opposite of what he is saying.  While he has his own way of looking at things, he is just a jerk who is always mean to everyone.  Even his fights are really bad, he just goes into them and beats the shit out of people.  If I could give this book zero stars I would.  There are some moments where the characters are really great but there are also a lot of moments where it just makes you want to stop reading.  Also, I hate that the story is so slow.  Instead of making the story go by faster, the book just kind of goes by at a slow pace.  Not only is the book so slow, but it is also confusing at times.  As someone who is a fighter myself, I felt a lot like I was watching a movie where I don't understand what is going on.  For example, Peter says something and I'm not sure what he's talking
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an interesting premise. The story is well told. The author uses the premise to tell a story about a man who finds himself in a strange and mysterious place. But, there is too much stuff about the plot, character and plot-twists in this book that I can't really get into. This book was more about the setting than the plot. The characters, plot- twists and plot inconsistencies are too much. This is a book for people who like to see things explained. If you have never heard about the story of the Mothman then this is a good book to read, but I'd stay away from it if you are looking for a good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is a bit slow paced. I don't mind that much, I just wish it was a bit more in-depth about the various ways in which humans experience, and are shaped by, emotions. The book also talks about how humans tend to develop certain behaviors as children, and how that behavior changes over time. However, there were a lot of parts that I just did not get. For example, I was a little confused by the book about how children have "babies" and "kids". I think I understood that before reading this book, but it was very confusing to me now that I've read it. It seemed like the author was trying to explain how babies are formed by their parents (rather than how babies can be formed by the parents themselves). I just don't get how you can have babies and kids, and then have parents that are really just changing their children. I mean, that's kind of like having a baby and then giving it away after about 5 months. This book just doesn't make any sense to me. This is definitely not a book for a beginner to psychology or for anyone looking for a quick, easy read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- It was really a let down for me. The writing is poor. The book was a joke, the characters were dull and the plot was really not worth the time. I didn't get what happened, and if I ever want to read another book in the series, I'll skip it. I can only recommend this to people who love the Harry Potter series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________ I was expecting this to be a decent book, but this was not it. The story is interesting and there are a few interesting characters, but I was disappointed. I liked that the story was told from the point of view of a young boy, but that does not make this book any better. The main character is boring and the characters are really not likeable. I will not be reading any more books from this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________  My wife and I had no idea what we were in for when we started this book. The writing was slow and unemotional. It was a very good book to read for the price but I could have done without the unnecessary parts and the author's opinion about how to be a woman and all of her problems. It made it seem like I was being taken for a ride. I can't imagine what kind of advice she could possibly have given that would help anyone. I'd recommend to anyone who wants a quick read but I would never buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________________ My first experience with this book was the introduction. It's not a bad one, and the first part is just a short primer about the different types of books, which I think is an important thing to cover. I don't think it's necessary for the new reader to know the differences between "novels" and "nonfiction", though, since a lot of the material is just general. It also mentions some of the things I'm thinking about, which is a good thing. The second part is a bit more interesting and useful: how to pick a good "noir" or "detective" book. I'll probably stick to the classics, since I like the genre. The next part, which was the most useful, was "How to write a good suspense novel". The basic formula of the thriller is "something bad happens to a bad guy, the bad guys have a plan to get away with it, the plan is foiled, the guy gets killed", which is not a hard formula, so I'm not really sure what was so useful about this. I guess you just need to know what's wrong with your thriller and what you can do to make it a good one, or you just have to keep working at it. Overall, I enjoyed this book and recommend it to people who like detective books or novels about a certain genre.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are all stupid.  And the story is just lame.    The main character,  Johnathan, the author says he is an artist.  This is a self-help book.  Johnathan is a writer of  self-made money.  He has no real idea what he is talking about.  The whole book is just a mess.  I have never read a self help book with such a large and ridiculous section on the importance of being successful.  In the end Johnathan's entire success is based on a dream he has of being rich.  Even the title says: "The Dream That Changed Your Life."  Johnathon's dream is to be rich and successful.     This book is the complete opposite of what a self helping book should be.  Why do I even bother reviewing a self aid book. It should be obvious what a complete and total waste of time it is.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it to be a disappointing book. I expected more out of a character who is a hero in her own right, but there was so little action that the plot felt a bit thin. The character had a strong personality and I liked her well enough, but the story felt a little weak and it did feel a bit out of left field. I think I'd like to read a different book by her though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ---------------This book was really hard to get into. I really liked the premise of this book and I really enjoyed reading it, but the book was difficult to get through. The first couple of chapters were ok, but it got a bit confusing and hard to follow as the book went on. By the end, I felt like I was reading a series of different short stories instead of the one story that was told. I also felt like the book felt repetitive, even though there were a couple of plot twists. Overall, I was just so confused about the events and why the people who were going to die were dying. I felt cheated and I felt that this was a bad author who tried to do too much with a bad idea. I would never read another book by this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book, and enjoyed it very much.  It was a great introduction to the world of science fiction, a great story, and some great characters.  I loved this author, I'm glad that he decided to write the book for adults.  He really captured the magic of the old Star Trek TV series, and was able to write some fantastic stories about these amazing worlds.  The only reason I didn't give this a five is that I wasn't really in love with the book until the end.   This review was first published on my blog on August 19, 2009 at 10:29 PM My first read of this book is from a book club I am on.  And I must say I love the way this book looks and feels.  While this book had its flaws, this was a good story.  This was also the first science fiction I had ever read.  So I am sure I will pick up the next book in the series and I am looking forward to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    In short, this book was written by an author who had little understanding of history or the political realities of the United States in the 20th century. She takes us to the 1950's to a place where there are no African Americans. Her goal is to show us a country where racism was still an acceptable practice, despite all the advances that the country has made since then.   But she doesn't do it. She doesn't even attempt to show how racism affects people's lives in this time period. She gives us the racism of the day, but leaves it out of the story. Her main argument is that racism is a myth, a myth perpetuated by the media and by the racist elements in society. This isn't the only thing that is wrong with this book, but it is the most important. The media was never the source of racism. People like Richard Wright, Booker T. Washington, Frederick Douglass, Martin Luther King, Jr., the NAACP, the black congress, etc. all fought against it. This is something that is forgotten in this book. The book is a great read, but the author's argument is not.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is terrible.  Not just a bad story.   The writing is poor and the plot is extremely dull and predictable.  It's all about the characters, and it all seems very contrived.  The characters are very shallow and it's all very easy to see why they're not going to get along.  The last two books in this series had some great moments:   This book, unfortunately, does not.  I've been very disappointed with this series as a whole.  If you're looking for a great sci fi book, check out "Harrow's End".  If this is your only choice, I'd advise against it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The thing I hated most about this book was that the characters were all white.  It was very disappointing.  The thing you should know:    I have been writing non-fiction for a few years and this is the first time I've been assigned a non-white person as a primary character.   I am still having trouble reconciling that fact. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. This book is filled with errors and inconsistencies. The author writes that the "great" thing about this book is that the writer is "still alive" and he is "well known". The author fails to acknowledge the following: 1) The author has been dead for 35 years. 2) The writer died in 1975. 3) The book has been written by another writer who died in 1973. 4) This book was published in 1980 and the author was alive then. 5) This is the second book written by the author. 6) The first book was a best seller. 7) This author is a plagiarist. He plagiarized the first book he wrote and used the same style and theme in this one. 8) The same thing happens in the last chapter, where the author says that he had been "well loved". I was a fan of the first author. I bought the first one. I was disappointed when I found out that this book plagiarized his first book. I didn't have the heart to buy the second one. The writing is awful. I found the characterizations, dialogue, and ideas so bad. I could not read this book. It is like watching a bad movie. If you want to read about the world of the 1960s, go to "Fantastic Voyage" by Richard Matheson. I guess that this is a "good" book, but it was written by a plagiarizer and the reader is just going to be bored and lost. If the author wants to be remembered as a "well-known" writer, he should have been dead when the book was written. I have read other books by the same author and he was a much better writer. The characters in this book were terrible. I can't remember any one I liked. I did like the idea of the "Great One" but it just didn't work. If a reader doesn't want to buy this book, then that is his problem, not the writer. I think that this was a bad attempt at a fantasy book. If this book had been a novel written by Tolkien, then it would have been much better. The only good thing about the book is the author's dead mother's face in the back cover. It looks really cool.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   This is one of those books that I can't put down. The story is the perfect balance of suspense, action, and action. I was really looking forward to reading this one, but it fell a little flat. The pacing could have been a little faster, but overall I enjoyed this book.   The only thing I don't like about this book is the ending. I liked the beginning and the middle, but the last third didn't work for me. I really wish there was more to it. I could easily see how it could have worked, but I just wasn't sold.  , December 27, 2010 - April 2, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not worth the time to read.  It is a book about a woman who decides to take a chance on a young man and has sex with him.    It is a very long book and I read it at least a dozen times to get to the parts that interested me.  She does not get what she is after, but it is the kind of book that you read just to see how it goes and then move on to something else.  It is an interesting story about the struggles of a woman trying to find herself.  It does not give a great overview of what women experience when they have sex and I think that is the biggest issue.  The book does make some good points about the need for women to understand their own minds and bodies and I appreciate that it is trying to point that out, but the whole book is just very confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   "This book is a disaster. The authors' ideas are flawed and their ideas are not worth a darn. It's a terrible book with a terrible concept. It is so bad it's good."   - James Patterson
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best part about this book is that it is a "short story" book, which is a very important aspect for a short story. The fact that this book had a lot of detail was what I enjoyed the most. This is the second book by L.M. Montgomery that I've read, and the first was The Red-Tape Recorder. I enjoyed both of them. In The Red Tape Recorder, Montgomery was writing about the process of writing a novel, but with a lot more humor than I've ever heard from him. In his first book, Montgomery's writing was very serious and had a very serious tone. In this book, he wrote about the experience of being a young writer in the early 1950s. While there were moments that were very serious, I don't think I ever felt that Montgomery was being serious about it all. I was just enjoying the story, so I didn't feel that I needed to understand why Montgomery was making the choices that he was making. I don´t think I would have enjoyed this book any more if Montgomery was trying to be serious, but I really enjoyed the humor and it was a good read for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I read this book because I wanted to read about the origins of modern day magic. I am not a big fan of the supernatural and didn't like the "magical" premise at all. The author tries to make the magic interesting but there is not much magic in this book.   I would have liked a little more development of the characters and less description. The book is short and the author didn't get a chance to develop any of the main characters in a way that I would enjoy. I also think that the plot of the book is not very interesting and the ending is a bit confusing. I would not recommend this book for anyone who likes magical realism.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ __________ _________ _______________ ______________ ____________ _____________ ________ ________ ______ ________... _______________________ ______________________ _____________________ ____________________.. (I got a B) I found this book very interesting, but the end of the book was very unsatisfying for me. I'm not going to lie and say I was really impressed by the ideas, but when I was in the middle of the chapter I thought, "That's a very good idea, but where are the execution?" And then I went back and read the book again and I thought to myself, "I don't think this is as good as I thought it was."   There is a lot of good information in this book, but I feel that the execution is pretty much lacking. I am just not feeling it when I read about the scientific principles and the methods used by the scientists and the development of their techniques. I don't really think I can say that I understand the science and the theory behind the technique, but that's what they did.   The science is very interesting and you learn a lot about some of the processes used to get the photos you see in the book. It's a fascinating subject, but not so much that I can get excited about reading about it. The book is great if you are interested in learning about photography, but it isn't for me, because I feel it wasn't very well-executed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I'm just not into this book."  You don't have to like this book.  I don't, but I do like a good mystery.  I have read a number of mysteries written by Stephen King (especially The Mist, the two-part The Green Mile, and The Dark Tower), but this one stands out for me as being the most interesting.   It is, however, only the first part. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- -------------------------- I've read two of these and they are awful. The second one, about the history of the world, has absolutely no history. There is no real history, just a bunch of people getting their names and stuff into a big book and making up stories about what happened. It's not even clear if the author has a history background, so what is the point of writing it at all? If I was a history major, I wouldn't even have been able to put this book down. I've got a good idea of how the world was created and who lived in it, but that's about it. I wish the author had spent more time thinking about why these people are important to history. It makes it seem like they are the ones that made history happen instead of the other way around. The only reason I kept reading it is because I didn't know what else to do with the rest of my day. But the author needs to make history interesting and not just a list of names and dates. The other two are so bad I can't even tell you what they are about.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first chapter was okay, but the rest of the book was a disaster.  It's very frustrating, especially since I was so excited about the first book because it seemed like such a great idea.  "I was in the wrong place at the wrong time." The first half of this book is just an over-abundance of information, and it really gets repetitive.    The "I" is a good place to start because that's what we are most interested in, the protagonist's thoughts, experiences, etc.  The other "I's" are boring and repetitive, with the first two "I"'s taking up a large portion of the first half.  But, you get the point - these characters have a lot of time to think and think and then think again about what they thought about and that's about it.  In fact, the book could have been trimmed down to a single chapter.  This is the first time I have been annoyed by a "I".   I mean, you can tell from the beginning of this story that there's going to be a "what's a "and why should I care" type of book, but there is so much unnecessary "what if's" that the book is hard to enjoy.  I'm a big fan of stories that start out "I think I will" and then the "I"-question comes out in the last ten pages.  So I was expecting a much better start to the story, but I was disappointed.  One final point - "The end of the world is the end of me".  It's a pretty good line, but it doesn't have much impact, because in the second half of the story (where the main characters are still in high school) they are all adults and have moved on.  Also, this is one of those books that is hard for me to get through.  It is not that the main character doesn't care about what happens to the world; he does, but he doesn't give the world much of a chance to save itself.  He gets everything he wants in the end - the world, the girl, his father, his friends - and then he realizes that the world isn't that much more special after all.  Overall:  I give this book three stars because the first few chapters are a bit more interesting than the rest, but other than that I don't think it's worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********   This book had so much potential and the plot is very well written, but the book never gets going and the characters are just not developed enough. I understand that a lot of the characters in this book have their problems but I feel like the problem is more the author. I don't think I can really say anything good about this book other than that it is definitely not for the faint of heart.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It was not a bad read but it didn't make a difference to me. The characters are very shallow and boring, I didn't really care about the main characters or the plot. It was a good story and the ending was really neat.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The ending is predictable, and the ending is not what I expected.  This is a book that was expected to be great, but was actually mediocre.  The plot is bad, and I can't think of any way to fix it.   This is one of those books that I'd read twice, and that I won't buy again."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and not very interesting.  I know the author has a lot of experience in publishing but this book just felt like a waste of time.  It is a very interesting topic and there is a lot to talk about but the book is way over long.   The author also has a way of talking that is very entertaining.  I really wish the author would have focused more on the practical aspects of being a writer rather than trying to put the book down and get it over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a really bad book.  It's so bad, I actually didn't enjoy it.   And I haven't read any of her other books (I can't even think of what else she's written that I've enjoyed).    I'm a huge fan of the Dresden Files, so this book isn't very surprising to me.  The story, however, is really lame.  I've read about fifty stories, and this one was the worst of them.  There are so many plot holes and so many things that don't make any sense.  It's also hard to get interested in this book, because the story just doesn't feel like anything to me, and I'm not a huge fantasy reader.  This book should have been titled, "The Dresden Files: The Bad Stuff."  I'd rather have read a mediocre novel than a mediocre book. This review contains spoilers.  What I think of this book:   This is my third or fourth review on this book (I have also written a blog on it), and I've had to reread it more times than I would like to admit, because I keep re-reading the same things over and over again.  Part of this is because the book is so awful.  Other part of it is because I'm always a little bit bored with all the same characters over and again.   Part of it, however is because, after re-read it several times, I just couldn't get the same "feel" I get when I read the Dresden stories.  That's not to say that I'm disappointed in the books, because every book I read by Jim Butcher is fantastic, but this one just doesn and just doesn' t seem to work.  One of the problems with this book is that, as the author admits, the character of Dresden is not that well developed.  He is one of those characters who you don't really know anything about, and yet, every book he appears in, he seems to get even worse, and the same thing happens with other characters in the book. I also feel like he's a bit of a cliché, like the "big bad" from the books.  As I read this book over and another time, I noticed a pattern: he is the protagonist, he is evil, he tries to kill someone, he gets killed, he dies again, he's revived, he doesn't remember anything from
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I've been reading this book for years, and I'm just now getting around to reading it again. It was the best book I ever read about the Holocaust, and it has one of the best endings I've ever read. The author makes a great case for the importance of the Holocaust as a historical event, and in a way, his book provides the "final proof" that there was a Holocaust. If you think you have an answer about why the Holocaust happened, don't buy this book. If this is your first read about it, or if you think it's one of those books that is too complex for the average person to read, don;t buy this. This is a very clear-eyed book about a terrible tragedy, and the author does a great job of providing an explanation for why the Nazis did what they did. This book is also a must-read for Holocaust Studies. It's not a very deep book, and you don't need to understand the Holocaust to enjoy it. If the Holocaust is your main interest, you'll probably like this book as well.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ It is difficult to be a good person, and when you are, you have to be careful not to fall back into your old ways. This is not a good book for people who are like this. You have to read the book, but I can't give it 5 stars because I don't like the ending. It makes me sad. I wish I would have found a better book to read. ____________________________________________________ "The more you learn, the more you have no choice but to change." - Mark Twain ___________________________________________ Reviewed by: Mary
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not like this book.  There was a lot of fluff, but there was a point where it really got out of hand.  It was about a girl who lived in a magical world with no knowledge of the real world.   She met a boy who looked just like her, but had to move back to his own world when his family moved away.  They lived happily ever after, until a terrible storm happened that made it seem like her world is falling apart.  The main characters had to figure out the cause of the storm, while also dealing with their own grief over the loss of a loved one.  I'm a huge fan of epic fantasy, so I didn't enjoy this book that much.  It was also very slow, and the last half of the book just dragged on.  If you love epic fantasy and want a slow-paced, epic fantasy that has a lot to it, you might like this.  But if you're looking for a fast-paced book that has action and adventure, this isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has been a great disappointment.   The author does not care about the characters or the story.  They have no depth or character development and are simply there to be eye candy.  The story is a one-sided one, the author has no real desire to make the reader care about anyone.  I feel like the author of this book just wrote it for her own personal satisfaction.  If this is the only book you read, don't waste your time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is a pretty good book. It's good in many ways, but it's a bit of a slog to get through. I think I would enjoy this book more if the author had made the plot a little less linear and the character development a little more developed. It gets a little tiresome at points, but I did enjoy the story. I'd give it 4.5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "If you don't like science fiction and don't mind being entertained, this is a good book to read.  However, if you are a science fiction lover or an avid reader of this genre, you may find this book boring.   I read it for a friend's birthday but, even so, I could not enjoy the story."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've heard it said that a good book is one that you find interesting, even though you don't like it.  This book didn't do that for me.  A very bad book for children, I found it hard to get through and the ending was a huge disappointment.    It was supposed to be a story of two little girls, one from another planet and the other one from earth.  They got married and had babies and lived happily ever after.  The problem is that the children, not the husband, don't want to live on earth any more.  I thought the ending seemed a bit forced and unnatural. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, but it just felt a bit rushed and uninspired. It also seemed a bit too easy at times for me. I mean, I'm pretty sure I can still remember most of the characters, and I enjoyed the story a lot. But I feel that some things could have been done better, and it could have used a bit more thought put into it. Overall:    This is one of my favorite books, but I'd recommend it to anyone who likes an interesting story and a bit of action.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst book I've ever read in my life.  I hate to say that I don't know how to write a review but this was an abysmal book and I felt so bad reading it.  It has all the hallmarks of a poor quality book.  This book was written by a person who has no experience writing.  In fact he has a history of writing horrible books and no matter how many times you read it you can't help but wonder why he's still in business writing this garbage.  I have to wonder if it was because he got his start in this business as a writer or that this is the kind of book that keeps getting passed down from the person who wrote it. If this is true, then this person is truly an a-hole.  There is nothing about this book that I enjoyed or that made me want to read more.  For a beginning reader this book is a terrible place to start.  If you are looking for something that you can read in a few days then this is not for you.  To top it off I am not sure what was the point of writing this book.   There was no plot to the book so it wasn't anything but mindless entertainment.  When you consider that the author spent a few pages discussing the difference between the two "classic" books on the subject (The Hobbit and Lord of the Rings)  I can see how this would be something that would interest people but in fact it is just a horrible book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    My daughter and I got the paperback of this book a few years ago. I liked it so much that I bought the hard cover book. The book was great at first, but I've had my share of bad books, and this one wasn't any different. I can't say that I liked the story at all. I've never been very interested in the occult and the supernatural, but the book's premise was interesting enough for me to keep reading. The story about the demon and the child who was possessed by it was quite nice, but by the end of the book, the reader gets a little bit of a cliffhanger. I was expecting a little more action and suspense. As a child, I had a very weird childhood, and I didn't know what the heck was going on with me and this demon. I still can't figure it out.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The author of this book has no credibility. There is no way this book could have been written by someone with a real background in medical history or physiology. The book was written as a medical history book for parents, and the author makes no attempt to present it as anything but medical history, but rather as a series of medical facts. The author is basically just telling parents about their child's symptoms and symptoms that they do not want to hear about. I had to look up the medical conditions of the child in order to understand the condition the child was complaining about.   I had a very hard time accepting the diagnosis that the child suffered from a medical condition that did not appear to be caused by any external factors.  I also think that the author should have taken more time to explain the science behind the book, since it does not seem to have been well researched. The science in this book is so lacking, that it is impossible to understand how the author is able to make medical diagnoses about children in a medical book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was never a huge fan of "I'll Kill You if You Don't Give Me More" or "In the Shadows of the Valley of Death" or any of the others by the same author. The stories were predictable and the plots never moved in any way, even when they did, the plot holes were too big to be believable. The characters weren't all that interesting either. In a book like this, a book that takes place in a future where there is no crime, or where everything is legal, there is a huge lack of interest in how people live their lives. I have nothing against people who like to read science fiction and fantasy books, but when you have a lot of science fiction books you have to find something new or interesting to read. If I wanted a dystopian, futuristic story that had a few twists, I'd look elsewhere. And, I'm glad that the book was short. I wanted more out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I ever read a bad one again I'll be less than pleased. The only reason I gave this 5 stars is because it's a good introduction to what I've been writing about here.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________"This book is a piece of crap. I could not get through it. There was nothing interesting about it. The author is a complete idiot. I hate the book. ___________________________"If I ever come across this book again I'm going to leave a review on it and buy it for myself.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book is a horrible book. It is a waste of time and you will probably not like it. The characters are terrible. The writing is horrendous. The premise is unbelievable and the book is just about as entertaining as a bad movie. I am going to finish it to finish the last book on the series but not recommend.   My Rating: 1.5 stars   ***********************************************************************
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The title and premise of this book are not so good. If I didn't know that it was a story about a person who was possessed by an evil spirit, I would have thought it was just another book about a ghost or the other side of a coin, but I was actually taken in by the characters and the overall story. I do believe in the paranormal, so I wasn't expecting a book about something like this, but it was still an enjoyable read. It was an interesting premise, and I found the story intriguing. It wasn't my favorite story, but that's because it wasn't quite as good as the rest of the book. I didn  I loved the book, but after reading the first chapter I found that I wasn  This was a fun read. This book is more of a mystery than a horror story. But that's ok because I can't say that about most horror books.   The story starts with a young woman who moves to a new town and moves into a new apartment with her mother. She is a bit nervous about her new roommate, and is having a hard time adjusting to the new town. After a few days she begins to feel weird. She doesn't want to go out in the dark anymore and she can't sleep without nightmares. Then the night her mother dies, she begins having these nightmares again.  -   Her mother died from an accidental overdose of sleeping pills. The night she died, she had been having a nightmare that she was being possessed by the evil spirit of her mother and that the spirit had been trying to take over her body for weeks. This was a really creepy story. The only thing that I was disappointed about is that the girl is completely unaware of her situation. She says it's like a dream and that she doesn't remember anything about it. So it seemed like she was just being delusional and was really scared. But I didn;t really buy that because the next day when she woke up and saw the demon and the house had changed she was really freaked out.  , but even though it was freaky, it was also kinda interesting. There were some really good characters. It seems that the whole house has been possessed and some of the neighbors have been possessed too. And there were some very creepy scenes that really creeped me out. I'm glad that I read this book, and hopefully I won't get possessed by a demon again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am so disappointed in this book. The characters are so clichéd, and the setting is so over-the-top. There is nothing about the world-building that makes sense, and no one really seems to care about anything in the book. I just didn't like it at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ The book was great but the book got even better. There was a lot of good info and the author had some good points that I agree with. But the book had no ending so no ending. I am not a fan of endings so this was a big let down. The book is great but it did not get better.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought this book as an advance copy because it was a pretty big surprise that a man of science would write a book about religion. But it turned out to be a big disappointment. I really wanted to like this book. I thought it was very well written and well thought out. The idea that science has made us aware of God was an interesting one. Unfortunately the author didn't do a good job of showing how this is actually true. The book is very well done and has a lot of good information but in the end it just doesn't really add up to me. I did enjoy the story and the author's perspective on religion. I just didn't feel that the author did a good enough job to show how this actually happened. I am still not a believer but I can understand how this idea would take hold of people. I would like to know how a scientist like Thomas Edison would have come to believe in God and what his own thoughts were on the subject. I think that this book would be a great read for those who have a strong religious interest and for those interested in science and religion.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book does not work for me. I am a very intelligent and analytical person. I love to analyze the things that I see and understand. I'm also a big believer in the idea of "what works for me doesn't work for everyone." I thought this book would be a good thing for me, because it would give me an overview of the ideas that I was interested in. Unfortunately, this book did the opposite. This book was boring to me. My thoughts were like "I'm glad I read this book," and I would have never thought to look into these issues, because I thought it was such a simple thing. Also, there are some factual errors. I was very frustrated with this book because it took me so long to understand what was happening in this book. I read it in one night because I was so impatient.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why I bought this book. I read a few reviews about this book and I'm like, "No."  This book is terrible.  The story is boring and the characters are stereotypical. �This book has no redeeming value.� I'm going to give this a one star. ��
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are interesting, but the story is dull.  I feel that the author tried too hard to be clever.  It's like when I was in sixth grade and I tried to tell a story about my little brother being bullied by the other kids, but I just couldn't come up with anything.  So I decided to write a book about my brother being mean to the bullies, but then he turns out to be really cool and I can't help but love him.  But I'm sure you can see where I'm going with this.  The story is boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ - The book is good but it lacks character and depth. There are so many characters, some of which are just for show, and the author never shows you how these people become who they are. - The main character is the worst. He's an arrogant jerk who doesn't think he's bad or stupid. He also thinks he's a bad person. The author gives him a lot of information about him, but he doesn't seem to take it in. - There are no details about what the world is like. It's just a fantasy world and there's no way to know what it's like to be there. - It's very hard to connect to the characters because most of them don't seem like people we can relate to. - This book is very preachy. It makes you feel like you should just be a better person. It also makes you think that being good is the most important thing in the world and you should try to do it all the time. I'm not even kidding, there's a ton of preachy things in this book. The book could have been a lot better if it had been written by someone who had actual character depth, but the author seems to be more interested in just writing a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It is a terrible book! I had heard about it, but I was not looking forward to the book. I expected the book to be better than it turned out to be. I can't believe this book has sold more than 100,000 copies! I have given it only one star because I found the characters and writing to be horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is one of the worst books I've ever read. It's full of lies, misinformation, and poor logic. The authors are all clearly lying, they never said the moon landing was fake and they didn't go to the moon, they didn  This is one very bad book. The author has taken several scientific theories and twisted them into nonsense. The main idea that this book is based on is that we are all animals and that our brain is actually a computer. We are all just animals who have a brain. We have emotions, a soul, and a mind, just like our animal ancestors. In fact, this book claims that we have the same mind that our animal predecessors had. This is nonsense. Humans have very limited memories, very limited reasoning ability, and very limited creativity. We can't do complex math, or write poetry. We also don't have emotions like animals do, we can't feel pain, fear, or sadness. We don't see the world in the same way. We use our eyes to tell the world what's going on around us. We rely on our senses to help us. Our eyes and senses allow us to perceive the world around us, but they can't tell us anything about the world itself. This book is a lie, it's a fantasy, and it's based on false science.   The author uses these science-fiction based claims to try to prove that we should all be vegetarian, and not eat meat or animal products. The evidence he uses to support his claims is all very flimsy. First of all, there's no evidence that eating meat is bad for us, and we have more than enough to eat. Second, there are many animal products that are good for us. For example, cheese is good for you. In addition, many animal foods are good to eat, such as eggs, dairy, and nuts. Finally, the book claims we should go vegetarian because it would reduce our environmental impact. The environmental impact of meat production is pretty minimal. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, we're responsible for approximately 6% of global greenhouse gas emissions. The average American eats more than 1 lb of meat per year. By eating a vegetarian diet, we would only save about 0.04% of our total global greenhouse gases. I'm going to stick to what I know and eat my meat, cheese, and eggs.   the author also has a lot of things wrong with his science-fictional
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was awful. I think I'm going to pass on this book, but I was a little disappointed. It seemed that the authors did not think that the main character, David, could be a hero. There were a few moments where he was acting like a hero and I thought that the author did a great job portraying him as a very normal, good guy. Then there were a couple of times where he did something wrong and the author failed to make it clear what that mistake was. I was very disappointed in this book. I will be giving it a 1 star.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "If you're in to dystopian/dystopian stories, this is probably not for you." "I found this book very boring. I didn't really like it and I'm not sure I'll buy it." "[Dystopia] does have a good plot but the characters don't really develop. The whole world is a very boring place to live." - Taken from a review by a good friend of mine  who loves books about the future. The dystopian genre is a staple of science fiction but the term is not as widely used as other genre tags. In the 21st century, the idea of a future where human life has been reduced to a series of events and behaviors seems increasingly far-fetched. But it's not as far-off as it may seem. The world has always been a dystopian place, but this genre of science-fiction, often called "dystopia," has grown more popular as society and technology have evolved. Some writers have a particular fascination with dystopian literature, and that's because of the unique nature of the genre. Dystopian fiction is often a look into the world we'd like to live in but that can't be because it's too unrealistic. Some dystopian books are also about what it's like to grow up in a society in which life has become too easy or the society is being run by an elite class of people who are able to control society. Dy stopia often follows a protagonist who has some unique advantage over others, and his or her ability is used to either help or harm the people around him or her. Some authors even have characters who have a unique ability that allows them to survive in a world where everyone else has died out. So what's a good dystopian novel that you can pick up at your local bookstore? This is a list of some of the best dystopian novels out there.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think I liked this book. I think it was a good read, though, I have a hard time understanding the purpose of the experiment, and even harder time trying to make sense of it all. The characters are so one-dimensional, and the setting is so bland. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good story, but I don't think it will make me want to read another book in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for the faint of heart.  It's not even a good book.    I think it's better to say that it's a poor book.   This book begins with a great deal of hype about how this book is the first of a series.  The series is not a series:  This is a very poor book in which the story takes a turn for the worse.  I didn't even want to read this book as I am just not a fan of fantasy.  For the first twenty-five pages or so, the book is very promising.  It's a great way to start off a series with a good story.    The main character, who is a girl named Gwen, and her brother, who has been taken away, are rescued by a small group of elves called the Numenorean, which has been hiding out in a forest.  After saving the Numinorean, Gwen is captured and her family kidnapped.  In a fit of rage, she kills a bunch of people including her mother.  Her family is then slaughtered by the people they had saved, who were sent by the Nomineran.  Gwen then takes up the Numerian name of Mephistopheles.  She becomes the leader of a group of Numenoreans who want revenge for the death of their people.  Although there is some magic in this book, it is very minor.  The Numerians are a weak and pathetic race who are basically just elves with a little extra magic.  They have a very simplistic worldview that has been stolen from them by the magic in the books they read.  There is also a lot of unnecessary magic in each book. In the first book, the magic is used to take advantage of the fact that the Numens are weaker than the Nomens.  This causes the Nodens to be more powerful than the other races and a group known as the Gedds is formed.  These Gedd-kind are very powerful and can fight the Norden and Numenen.  One of the main reasons for the Gedd-kind to have power is that the people of the Nomon-kind had been enslaved and their children had been taken as slaves.  However, this group is also the enemy of the Gede-kind who had been in power since the time of the First Empire.  M
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college because the description sounded interesting. I had heard that it was a book about a boy who is not born with any particular skill (or even with any ability), but by being raised as a normal child, he is able to become a highly skilled warrior. I was intrigued, but after reading this book, I feel a little bit like a moron. The author is clearly a big fan of the original Harry Potter series and has included the character of Neville Longbottom (the younger brother of the hero, Harry Potter). I didn't like Neville, but the other characters seemed to have more character. I also felt that the book was rather boring, and not nearly as exciting as I was expecting.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "When I was young, I thought it would be the best thing ever to read a book. And when I found out that it was a horrible novel, I stopped reading it. I read about a hundred books when I was younger, but I didn't find any that I couldn't give a negative rating to. I mean, the book is not as bad as you make it out to be. But, it's a lousy book. It's just not worth reading."
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is good but the author is a poor writer, especially in comparison to other good writers in this genre. I could never finish the book.   I can understand that he had to do a lot of research. He made sure to include all the important information. However, I just did not enjoy the book in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first time I read this book I thought it was a really great book about a crazy guy, who has a crazy girlfriend. The second time I had a different opinion and I am very glad that I did because this book became my favorite book in the series.  I will say that this book is not for everyone, because it has a lot of sex and violence, but I really loved it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this is a bad novel, but it has problems. It is an extremely detailed book. I love the descriptions of the creatures, of the environment, of their culture. The descriptions of these creatures are extremely vivid and descriptive, which is great. However, when the book is told from the viewpoint of the reader, the descriptions don't really connect with the characters. The main character, Dr. Gertrude, is described as a very "hands on" teacher. I can see this description being a great way to show the reader a more in depth view of a scientist. However this is not what we get. She is very hands off, and seems to ignore what she is seeing, even though it is all around her. I feel that this is very odd. She was described as very good looking and athletic. I am sure that she could be a fantastic science teacher. However it is just not believable to me that she would be this completely self centered. She has no interest in the creatures or the environment. In fact, I have no idea how she is able to keep her hands off of her work, when she is doing so well, but being completely uninterested in the things around her is completely off putting. There is also a scene where she is on a boat, and the creatures are attacking. She runs to help the humans. The description of the creature is extremely graphic and I feel this could have been done better. The characters are not well written either. I felt that they were a little too much like children. I don't know why, but I felt like they were childish. Dr. K had a habit of throwing a ball and running away. I would have liked to see more of his character development, but he was still a little kid. Also, I felt as if the descriptions were a bit vague, as if they were just describing a part of the planet, rather than the world itself. The only good thing about this book is that the world building is very well done. The world building was amazing. I wanted to see the world of K.C. more, so that I could understand what this planet was like.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no problem with it being a fantasy. But this book is the equivalent of an episode of Star Trek. The characters are not fleshed out and there is nothing about the plot that I really cared about. I could have used some more back story on the characters.  The author does a better job in the first book of giving the character the personality and motivations that make him or her more than a token.  The only real character that I liked was the main character. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the first book I have ever had the misfortune of having read. I am not a fan of fantasy books in general, I find the genre to be quite shallow and lacking depth. It is a shame, because this book is actually quite good. The writing is solid, there is no plot holes or unnecessary exposition, and the characters are interesting and unique. The magic system is quite simple, but it feels very good to read, and gives the whole story a more natural feel.   However, as I was reading the book, I found myself feeling very underwhelmed by the end. Not because the book was bad, it was not, but because the conclusion of the story was rather rushed. The author's style of storytelling is a little too dramatic for my taste, and I felt that the ending was rushed. I also found that it was somewhat confusing how the events in the book related to the previous one, especially the plot points at the end, which were quite important to me.   of all the things I liked about this book, it is the most unique magic system I have read in a long time. This is the kind of magic that feels a little more like a combination of various genres, and it gives the story a certain sense of uniqueness. I would highly recommend this book to anyone, whether you want to read a story about a wizard's apprentice, a wizard fighting a magical army, or a wizard battling a group of monsters. The plot twists and turns were both well written, and not too abrupt. I can't wait to see what the next book in this series is like.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "I have read this book about 5 times, and I don't understand why anyone would want to read this. There are so many things wrong with it. I'm going to keep the first few chapters to make my point, and then leave the rest of the book. It's like they read this, and wrote it with a pencil, and put it on the shelf and walked away. I don' like what they're doing with the story. This is one of those books where you're like "Oh, I'm sure I can understand it. That makes sense." But no, it doesn't make sense. I can't understand how someone can be so brainwashed that they're not thinking for themselves. It makes no sense, and this is the same writer that's writing books about the dangers of the internet. I know it's fiction, but it doesn' feel like fiction."   The author uses some really horrible descriptions of people with disabilities. She doesn't seem to understand that these are not the people she is talking about.   Overall: 5 stars   I'm a pretty smart person. I was never able to think logically at all. My mind would race around the place, my eyes would get red, I'd be on the verge of crying, and eventually, I would either stop thinking or I would start again. I never had any sense of self, and so I was very afraid of being found out.  . I have read about 20 books about people with mental disabilities and they all seem to make the same point. They all talk about how people who are disabled have to be very careful about what they say and do. They are too trusting, they are too easy to manipulate, they aren't capable of thinking for their own lives, etc. They have no choice but to be controlled. It is a bad idea to let someone who is disabled talk to you, or do anything for you, because they are just as likely to abuse you as you are to abuse them. I really wish I had been able to see this book as a child, and to have seen it through my own eyes, because I would have been more likely to realize that I was being abused as a kid. The book is a very strange mix of a "bad movie" and a "horror" novel. I think this is where the author gets the idea that it is "just like the movie." I think the movie makes no difference, but to
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last book in the series was terrible and I won't be reading it again. I'm going to wait until the last book is released before reading it. I have been looking forward to this book for a long time. It's just bad. The characterizations were weak and the plot was weak. I hope the author finishes writing this series and finishes it properly. A good book: I really liked this book, but the plot felt very weak and it felt as though I wasn't really getting to know the characters well. It felt as if I was just hearing the details of each character, and the story was just building to something that never came. It didn't really feel like I was in the book. I was expecting something much bigger and more interesting than this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main problem I had with this book is that it is a collection of a series of short stories, not a complete story. The story is about a girl who becomes a superhero, but she doesn't have any super powers. She has the ability to make other people want to kill her. The book starts out with her finding out that she's a witch because of the strange things she's been doing, like eating dead people and turning them into zombies. It's a really strange story and really well done, but it's not what makes the book. I wish that there was a little more time devoted to the development of the characters and their relationship to each other, but then again it doesn't really matter because the story is basically about a witch. The ending was also a bit unsatisfying because the main character has to kill herself and it's a little too sudden. The other characters are also pretty much forgotten by the end. Overall I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes a really interesting story with a bit of dark humor, but the lack of a complete book might turn some people off.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a big, fat piece of crap.  It's a huge disappointment, a major let-down, a total disappointment.   It doesn't even try to be a good book, it's so uninspired, so poorly written, that it just doesn't work.  My favorite part is the ending, which is the biggest turn-off for me in this entire book.  I was hoping for something that would have been more original, that would be more original to me.  If you can't get the ending right, what the hell is the point?   I don't even care about the rest of the book, as it just ends so abruptly that I'm just going to ignore it.  The characters are so bland and uninteresting, you don't know anything about them, it makes it difficult to care about them at all.  They don't care about anyone or anything.  I don't get it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very poorly written book and, despite all the praise, it is not very good at all. This book is a retelling of the story of the Book of Mormon and contains some things that are simply not true. I have never read a book with so many factual errors. The author has tried to add new information about these topics, but they have been too many to ignore. For example, the author claims that the "Book of Mormon" is a true history and he uses that as the basis for his writing. Well, I can tell you, it's not true because there is a lot of stuff in the Book that is wrong. I would like to point out the obvious things that don't add up: 1. The story of Lehi and his family is not true and he was a murderer 2. Joseph Smith used a seer stone to translate the Book and it was not a sepecial instrument of the divinity. He just wanted to get a rock and a hat so that he could get a good look at the plates. 3. The plates were not used for writing the Book, but were used to receive revelation, and thus they were a sacred record 4. The people who got the plates were called Nephites and they are mentioned in the book but the actual name of their people is not given 5. The whole "Nephites" thing is a lie because it was Joseph Smith who coined the name and put it in the original Book of LeHI 6. The name "Nephi" was not used at all in the translation of the book. Joseph dictated the translation himself. 7. The Book of Ether was a fake because Joseph Smith never heard of it. Ether was just a name that was thrown around to scare people who had no idea what the hell he was talking about. 8. The last section of the record that was translated is completely blank, and it is assumed that Joseph Smith wrote that part himself. I don't know why he would have written it but it is just another lie 9. The book that the Nephites were building on was the Tower of Babel. No one has ever shown me the actual picture of the tower or the foundation of the structure. 10. The city of Moroni, which is mentioned in 1 Nephi, was a city that was destroyed long before the time of the birth of Jesus Christ. It is also known that Moroni was a Native
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have ever enjoyed a good book, then you'll love this one. The plot is fairly predictable, the characters are well developed, and the characters and the action are well done.  I was not particularly impressed by the romance, but if that was a point of contention for you then this might not be the book for you.  I have to give the authors credit though, the prose and writing in this book is very good and you feel like you're reading a book.  Overall rating:    4/5  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a huge disappointment, and if you've ever read any of the other books in this series, it's not surprising. This book is full of contradictions. The protagonist is not a hero. The main character doesn't have a goal other than to save the world from the evil villain. The villain is the "good guy", but he has no redeeming qualities. The ending leaves the book hanging at a bad cliffhanger, leaving me wanting more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   This book is a very, very bad book. I've tried my hardest to get into this one, but I'm just not able to. I had been a huge fan of the series, and enjoyed reading it, but it just doesn't work for me. This book just feels rushed and not as well thought out as some of the previous books.   The story is told from the point of view of Sam (who is the "main character") as he and his friend Sam (the main female character) go out and try to get back in the game. Sam is a poor college student and is trying to get a job as a waiter, but because he's the son of a high ranking politician (and a high paying one at that), he is in a bit of a rut. When his friend is stabbed to death by a gangster, Sam realizes that he's lost his dream of being a chef, and that he has to make the best of his life as a server. Sam and Sam go out looking for Sam's friend, and find a pretty bad looking prostitute who is willing to do what she can to help Sam out, but she's not exactly reliable. As the book goes on, we get to know Sam and learn more about him.   for me the only real problem I had with the book was that it seemed to just be a bit too one-sided. While it's definitely not the first book I've read that tries to tell the story from Sam's perspective, it's a pretty obvious point of comparison to some other books. I mean, we know from the beginning that Sam is not the most intelligent guy, so it's pretty obvious that the book is going to be told from his perspective, but at the same time, Sam's story is so one-dimensional and poorly told that it made me feel that this was a very poorly written book that just had nothing to it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is awful.  It is a terrible story, and is not funny.  The writing is not even good, as the characters are completely uninteresting and the setting is not particularly interesting.  I am not even going to attempt to give a good review, as it is not worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's a shame the book's so bad because I was actually looking forward to it."  I don't know if you've read it, but this was a pretty good book, it was well written and the concept was intriguing, the story was well paced, and I really enjoyed the main character.  Overall a good book that I recommend to everyone, I think you should try this out at least once!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book at all. The characters are all very stupid and there are no characters I care about at all, so I didn't get the point. I was just left wanting to read another book about these people.  The book is so stupid, it was fun to read, but I just didn't care for it. ________________________________________ "It was a good day." "We had the best day ever." _________________________________________________ "I love it!" "You can't get much better than this." ______________________________ "That's why I love you. You're just perfect for me."  _________________________________________________________ I was pretty sure that the author had been a jerk to me when I bought this book from him on his website.    I was wrong.  I didn�t think I could like this person any better after reading his reviews.  But, after reading this book, I still have to say that he's pretty darned good at what he does.  I loved this book!  I loved it!!!   And if you've ever been a fan of the book, you're going to like this one, too!   Don't worry, I'm going to be reviewing a book from time to time because I really enjoy reading other authors' books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********** This book was so bad I almost wish I had never read it. The main character is a bit of a dud. I mean she's a woman, but she seems so much like a boy in a lot of ways. She's awkward and whiny and self-conscious, but is also so incredibly stupid. The only good thing about her is she seems to be trying to save the world, which I'm glad she does, but it's a very difficult task. The way she talks about the problem of the Earth is just awful. I wish she had been a bit more like the girl in the book I read. (She was much more intelligent, and it took a lot more effort to figure out how she was talking than it did to figure it out herself.) There's a really cool and well-done sci-fi story about a woman who lives in space, and I wish more of it was written like that.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with a lot of excitement, and a lot (if not all) of frustration. I am not a big fan of science fiction, I love fantasy, and this book seemed like it was trying to do everything with a science fiction theme, while at the same time being completely disconnected from the genre it was supposed to be a part of.  In a nutshell:  A bunch of aliens come to earth in a ship that is a little too large for the people on the ship, so they build a small spaceship to travel around the galaxy, while their planet is being destroyed by a plague. The first part of the book is pretty much an adventure story. A group of people decide to go explore the new planet (a world that looks exactly like earth, but with a few unique features), and they are caught in the middle of a battle between a race of giant reptilian creatures and a bunch of people who worship the same gods as the aliens. I really enjoyed the way this book was structured, it's more of a novella than a novel, so it doesn't feel like there's a lot to read through. It just goes in one direction, and I liked that. There is a whole lot of action and adventure in this book, but it's really only about a couple of main characters. There are a bunch more, but most of them are the background, or secondary characters. It's a little confusing to me why they are in the book at all, but I guess I am a sucker for that. My least favorite part of this book: In the first half of the story, the alien characters all seem to have some sort of mental/emotional/sexual disorder. This was pretty annoying to me, because they were all basically the same in the story. There were some of them who I think were interesting and had interesting backstories, but there were a lot who were just a bunch  of weirdos.  I know that the authors say that they had to change some of the characters for the next book, so maybe this is why the book didn't hold my interest.   Overall, the book was very interesting and fun, but not very well written. I found myself having a lot more fun reading the first part when it was just the characters, but that part got really boring as the story went on.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The worst book I have ever read. The worst book in my whole life."  A really awful book. The characters were really unlikable and the plot was really bad. I was so annoyed by the whole plot. I think the author could have been much better if she had kept her characters in character more and just wrote a book about an author's life and a bad novel. I would give it a 1 star but the only thing I can think of is that I wanted more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- It was a good book, but I think the narrator was an annoyance to me. It seemed as if he was bored by what he was writing about, so he had to make it more interesting. I have to admit that I liked the narrator's voice, but it got to be a little annoying when I wasn't even listening to the book to begin with.   Would I read it again: --------------- Yes. I think it was an interesting look at life on the road.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  " I thought this book was just bad. I can see why it would be an immediate hit with the younger crowd - it's funny, but it's not a good book. It's a bunch of jokes that aren't all that funny.  I feel like this is a book that would have been better if it had just been a bunch more jokes."
Write a negative review about a bad book: _______________________________________________________ I loved this book. I loved the idea of a book about a young girl with special abilities. I'm an avid reader so I was really looking forward to it. I've read a few books on the topic and I was a bit confused about how this one would fit in. I think it does, but not as well as I thought. This book is about a girl named Hannah who is a very special and unique little girl. She has a really good mind and a very strong mind that she can use to make things happen. She does not like being confined in the house with her mother and doesn't like being put into the clothes that she is. She also doesn't have the typical things that most little girls do. She loves her sister, her sister's boyfriend, and she loves to read. She even has a little doll named Polly who she loves as much as she loves her sisters. She is really strong and independent and really doesn't want to be confined in a house. The problem is, the house is filled with a bunch of people that do not really like her. When she gets in trouble, they send her to the house of the person that wronged her. She tries to escape from her home and goes through a few adventures before she finally finds her way home. It wasn't until the end of the book that I really got the full scope of what Hannah's problems were. Her mother had never really let her go outside. Her mom's boyfriend had been kind of mean to her. Her sister had been really mean to Hannah when she was younger. Her dad's brother had always been really good to her but now he doesn't give her the same respect that he once did. Her house is really old and she has to do some work around the house in order to pay for it. She really doesn`t like doing that because it feels like work and she doesn't really like doing it at all. Hannah really doesn,t like that the house has a bunch and a lot of people living there. I thought it was really well written. I was just kind of surprised that it wasn't just a one-shot about her. There was a lot going on in this book that made it worth my time and I am really excited to see where this story goes from here. I would have loved to see more of the rest of the family and to see what kind of life Hannah had growing up. It really did show that Hannah was very
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------------------- I bought this book on the strength of a review on Goodreads and this book just didn't do it for me. The story is okay and it has a couple of good points. I like the idea of having a bunch of different stories about different people from different walks of life in different times in different places. But the book just falls flat. The author makes a lot of assumptions about the characters that she doesn't have any evidence for, and that just makes it difficult to follow the story. This book feels like a combination of a bad movie with a buncha people in it that are all too similar and have the same basic flaws and it just didn the worst for the reader. The ending felt too rushed, and I found the whole thing to be a bit confusing. Not really my cup of tea but I'll pass on it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________  I am in love with this book and so are my kids! I love how much she has been able to write about the most unusual things we do at our home, and that she is so kind to share her knowledge with the kids. We have a big boy, a big girl, and a little girl, so I think this book is great for the whole family!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never enjoyed a book like this one.  It's a well written, interesting story that I just couldn't get into.  I was really looking forward to reading this book, but it didn't really grab me the way I hoped it would.  It's a long book, and the main character is a bit of a whiner, so I'm not exactly sure why I wanted to read it in the first place.  But I'm glad I did, because it was a fun read, and it left me wanting more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in a week or two after getting it for free.  The book had many good ideas, but I wasn't sure I was going to like it until I read the other reviews.   I have been reading a lot of good reviews and some really bad ones and I don't really know what to think about the book.  The plot is about an eccentric millionaire, John "Red" Tarrant, who goes to the end of the world and comes back.  The book is a little weird, but it is still good.  There is a bit of a science fiction element to it but it doesn't overwhelm the story and it's not really an original idea.  I do like that he did it without a lot money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so awful I was surprised it was made into a movie. The characters were all clichéd and unrealistic. The author really should have left the character work to someone else. The book was about a character named David who is a former student who just went to prison and is trying to get his life back on track. David meets a guy named Michael who has been in prison and has some interesting ideas about what to do with the life he has left. The guy was really intriguing and I think he would have made a great character if the author had gone with a different personality. I liked the concept of how he and David had a very intense relationship that eventually ended badly. The only other thing I found odd about the book was the narrator, John McAvoy. He has the voice of a teenage boy who doesn't seem to be sure what he wants to do when he grows up. I have a feeling that he will have some big problems in life, but he was just a weird voice that I found annoying. I gave this book 3 stars out of 5 because of the good idea and the interesting characters but it wasn't nearly as interesting as I thought it would be.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I would give this book one star, but I could not stand it anymore. The characters are the only thing I hate in this book. They are so stupid. The story is bad. I couldnt really understand the whole story because the characters are so ridiculous. If you have the time to read this book you will hate it. The only thing is that this book is short and you can read it in a day if you are patient enough. I dont recommend this book
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This is a book about the future where people are born with powers that they can use. And people are very happy about that. It's very optimistic. A very enjoyable book. I'm definitely going to recommend it."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a good book, I just wish the characters were more developed. The main character has a pretty serious mental illness and is extremely violent towards other people, which makes it a bit hard to sympathize with her. Her family is not sympathetic, either. One thing that I really like about this book is the use of the language. In many books you are forced to read the sentences as they are written rather than what the author is trying to say. However, in this book I was able to read it as I wrote it. The words are descriptive and clear, but I was a little unsure of whether the author meant them to be sexual, physical, or both. There is some gore and violence in this story, but it's not the main focus of the story. It just makes sense that some people have a very hard time accepting someone with mental illness, and this story takes a look at some of the challenges people with mental illnesses face. It's a little slow going and it has a very dark tone, but in the end it was a good read. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in the mental health issue and/or a story about a woman who struggles with mental health.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________   This book is just about an unimportant guy, who decides to get rid of his problems by traveling to another country and having sex with a virgin.   I don't think there is any doubt that the author wrote this book, but this is not a bad story.     The story itself is quite long, so that it is also hard to finish, and the book is pretty long too, but if you read this book on a longer reading period (e.g. two or three years), you will probably get the feeling that it's just an interesting, albeit slightly disturbing, story. (However, if you don't have a lot of time and are looking for an easy, short story, this is definitely not the one.)   Some people are really bothered by this book. But then again, that's also a good thing, since there is a lot to think about!   However, this book has some problems.   to start with, the author's prose is not perfect. It sometimes seems a bit too fancy, even for the "short stories" genre.   and this is a problem, because I know that people read books for their stories, and I don't want to spoil this book for those who want to read it. So, I'll keep my comments as short as possible.  .   The writing style is not as good as I expected it to be. The author used to be a newspaper editor, but it's not his fault. I was expecting a more polished and professional writing style.   the only thing I really like about this book is that it has a lot more depth than other "short" stories. The story is not easy to follow at first, and there are some problems with grammar. However, there is still enough depth for a good story. The main character has a somewhat interesting backstory, as well as some interesting events.  -The author made some mistakes with the story: the first two chapters are a bit confusing, but then, the plot and character development become really interesting, which makes it easier to follow the story. I can't really remember the exact details, but the story was not bad, it just lacked something that I would expect from a better book.   It's not a very bad book by any means, and it's good for those short stories that you can only read once.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's too short. It's too vague. The characters don't seem real. The story is poorly told. I'm just not sure that it was worth my time to read this. 9/10
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book for an aspiring author. It has a lot of great advice that I would follow, and it's a great starting point for aspiring authors. But, it's too long. This book could have been a short novel or a few chapters, but it's over a thousand pages. I'd say I read this book in one sitting, and I didn't finish it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The book is filled with many inconsistencies and it is clear that the author has never written a science fiction novel." The author is clearly a fan of a specific type of science fiction, and it shows.  This book is nothing more than a collection of short stories about different kinds of space aliens and space ships.  "The characters are interesting but I felt like they could have used a little more development." I really wish that the story had had a little less padding and had more character development.  This book was only one-third to one-half of the way through the book, so I will probably pick it up again later on to see if the author can flesh out a little.  The last third of the book however, is all about space ships and the story does get pretty dense.   I am a huge fan of the books I read about space travel and science fiction and I think that this book does an excellent job of explaining that science and space travel in a way that it is both realistic and fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was disappointing, as the author has a lot to teach us about how to live. But, he doesn't do it. In fact, he tries to tell us that he doesn;t have to teach any of that stuff. He says that he was taught how to be a man by his father, who taught him that men are naturally violent. But what he does is he tells us about his own violent ways. He talks about his first time being drunk at 17, and he talks about the first time he killed someone. He tries to make it seem like he's a victim, but he's not. He's a very violent, very selfish man. I wouldn't call him a good person.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main characters are a great concept, but there is nothing good in the book at all. It has a very basic plot.  There is no character development.  A bad book.   I did like the idea of the idea, but the execution just wasn't there.  This was a book that I wasn't sure I wanted to finish.  I had a few moments of enjoyment and it was a good story.  The characters are also really interesting.  But I just didn't like the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a way that makes you think the characters are being stupid. I don't like the stupid-ass-dick-murderer character. He makes no sense. And he's also an idiot for killing people for fun. The writing style is really weird and off-putting. I think the author had a great idea and really put it to good use, but the writing style just isn't what it should be. Also, the author is an absolute asshole. The only redeeming thing about this book is that it's a good horror novel. The author writes about all the things that scare the crap out of him, and he doesn't pull any punches. The story isn't perfect, but I wouldn't call it bad. The book is also pretty short at only about 70 pages, so I'm not sure how well the author did with the story. If you're looking for a good spooky book, you might want to check this one out. This is the only review I'll ever give on a book.  I love horror books. _________________________________________________ _________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________. This book is a waste of time and should be ignored. If you are a good reader, you'll understand what the author is saying. But I am not a good reading reader. I like to skim books so I'm not bored. The chapters were too long for me. If I didn't have to read all the books, I would have skipped this one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very bad book with a very long title and a poor story. I would have given it 4 stars if I had not seen the book cover. I don't understand how anyone would buy this book. The characters are just as shallow as they were in the previous book. I was very disappointed with this book and would not recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was so bad that I actually gave it a bad rating. I would never read another story like this. I wish I could give it a 0/10, but I really can't. This book is one of those books where I was absolutely disgusted at every second of it. I really hope it gets cancelled by the publishers.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- This book is just boring. The whole story is about a girl who goes to a magic school and gets her magic powers. The problem is that she does nothing to improve herself. Instead she just becomes the new mistress of the school. The rest of the book consists of her doing things that only make her look bad, like trying to be popular, or getting into petty arguments. She spends most of the story being miserable. I didn't care about her at all. The only time I cared was when she was a teenager and started getting magic powers and doing bad things. The bad things happened right when she had the magic and the good things when she stopped using it. If she had used it for good she wouldn't have gotten into all the trouble. I found the book boring and not very interesting. If you are looking for something funny then look somewhere else. I will give it 3 stars because the character was interesting and interesting characters are rare.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm not a fan of this series. It's always been a bad idea to try to combine a "war" series with a paranormal/monster/historical fiction series. There's a reason that "The Mists of Avalon" was never made into a movie (well, it might have been, but the people involved didn't get the idea). This series was originally set in the late 12th century, but now it feels like a throwback to the 19th century. If it had continued, I would have been bored to death by the story, but for some reason it's only about 30% as interesting as the first two books (which were much better in their own right). The story of the characters was much more interesting and the worldbuilding much more complex.   There is also a lot of back story on the mysterious, evil empire, and the war that is supposedly going on. I found that a little hard to follow because the author kept introducing the "other side" of the story with a twist or two. If you're going to write about a war between two empires, why not write a war with a bit more complexity?   Overall, this was a good start to a series, but I'm not sure I will be revisiting this any time soon.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. This book was terrible. The plot is incredibly simplistic and completely unbelievable, the characters were boring, and the author's story-telling was terrible, not to mention the grammar, spelling and punctuation was awful. The story is a simple one, where a boy and his friends are on a quest to find the one person who can stop the apocalypse. He goes to an ancient, but beautiful, place that seems to be filled with ancient magical powers. The author also states that he is going to try and write a book that is better than this one. He really, really should not have published this, it is horrible. I did not like the plot at all. This is a great story, but it could have been so much better. If you have an attention span of about 3 seconds, then you can skip this book. But if you want a good story, then it's worth reading. I really didn't want to finish it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not going to lie, the first few times I read this book I was a little worried, because this book was full of "magic", and that is the kind of thing I usually love. But as I read it more, I realized that the magic is not there to make the reader feel like they're in a fantasy world. In fact, it makes me feel like I'm in a modern-day version of "A Wrinkle in Time". So there you have it. 4.5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a very bad writer and the book has a few major problems. 1) There's not a lot of information about the war, it's really just a retelling of a famous tale. I thought this was a really dumb idea to do a book about the War of 1812, as the author didn't have any of the actual historical information about it. 2) The writing style is really bad and really repetitive, the only way the book moves is when the narrator gets up from his chair, turns around and speaks. 3) The book's main character is the most unlikable, the main character was a terrible person and the main protagonist had no redeeming qualities. It really is hard to get into the book. I just wanted to throw it in the garbage and stop reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ This is a really boring book. It doesn't do anything but talk about the history of the game and what's going on with the players and the league at the moment. It does a great job of making it seem like it was written at the time the game was going on, when it wasn't. If the book had been written at a time where things were going on a lot more (like at the beginning of the decade when the league was going crazy), it would have been a great read. But that's just me.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I got a really good read out of this book, but I am really glad I didn't have to spend much time with it. It's a very good and fast read, but the pacing was a little too fast for me.  And the book is a little dry and I could really see myself skipping it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this for my daughter, who is not an avid reader but was willing to give this one a chance.  The book was a fun read, but the first section of the book was rather confusing.  The story, the characters, the story are all enjoyable, but it seems as if the author was just trying to sell a book.   I really enjoyed the first half of this book, but then I started getting into the plot and found that the author had no clue about how to tell a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't want to read this book, I had a lot of issues with it and didn't like it at all. I don't know if I'm supposed to like this book or not, but I really didn''t. I did like that it had a good twist on the idea of a story, and the story was a lot better than I was expecting. I didn'' t like that the ending was predictable, and I think I'm going to skip the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I really wanted to like this book, I had really high expectations but it just doesn't work for me.   I think I may have just been expecting too much. The author claims to be an expert in the field, but there is nothing in here about how to get good results. There is no evidence of any kind that this is a safe or effective technique. The techniques she teaches are a bit too complex and require too much knowledge to be of any use. I've read plenty of books on meditation and this one was no exception.   in fact there is a lot of "silly" stuff in here and I'm not sure how she could think that this was going to be a book of magic. There are a lot more exercises in here than what I was looking for. It was really hard to read and I really didn't like it at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a waste of time.  The narrator is completely boring and it's like he's reading a boring novel.  I'm so tired of the narrator that I would have read it if I didn't have to go to work.  If you have read the book then you know the book isn't good but the book just doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I was really excited to get this book because it was one of the first YA novels I read in the past decade and it looked like a good one! I was disappointed. It is about the life of a young boy who falls for a girl who is not only incredibly pretty but also a really great dancer. The problem is that he gets very little of the dance and the other girl just sort of sits around waiting for him to get with her so she can go on with her life. It just felt a little rushed and not very good.   Overall: 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This is an interesting read, but I don't like the way the author describes it as a'realistic' history. It's actually more like a very interesting history, but with a lot of factual errors. *********** This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, and I enjoyed it quite a lot. The book is a very detailed account of the history of the world. The author takes a very realistic view of what really happened, and how things came to be as they are. The fact that he has written about this is very impressive. ************ The author does not exaggerate his historical accounts at all, and he is a great writer. This book is very well written and I really enjoyed it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a terrible book. I read it for the story, but then I read a review saying it was bad. I was so confused. I have read a few reviews about how it's about a girl and a boy, and that it was a romance, and it is a romance. However, it's a terrible romance. I didn't even like the guy. I feel like the author has a huge problem with writing. I mean, if you're not good with a character, then it doesn't matter if the story is good. I don't know if it's because the author is a guy, or if the author was just horrible at writing, but I was not a fan of this book. It's the end of the semester and all your friends are off to college. You're a bit of a social snob, but you really want to go, so you decide to go to a party at a guy's house. Your new friend wants to go with you, but she's a bit afraid, so she says she'll wait until after the party. Well, at the party, your friends get a bit drunk, and they're all making out and stuff. Suddenly, a girl appears from nowhere and starts giving them a hard time. Then she starts trying to give them a hand job, and she's not having any of it. She makes it clear that she doesn't want to give her hand job to a guy. So, the guy comes over to give the girl a handjob, but the girl starts screaming that the guy is gay. Well that's just not cool, so the guy leaves, but before he goes, he hands the girl his dick. She is very offended, but as she's getting ready to give him a blow job, he gives her his cock. She's very excited, and her friends are also excited. However they decide to leave before anything happens. The girl decides that she's going to give this guy a blowjob. Well she takes off her top and gives him a hand to mouth. She really wants to give a handjobs, but there's not enough room for her head, so her face is stuck in the side of the dick. This causes her to gag and get very nervous. Well as she gets ready to blow him, the guys comes over and she gives him an oral sex. She also gives him oral sex, but with her mouth. However as soon as she gives oral sex to him
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that is terrible, in my opinion, is one that I will never be able to recommend to my friends.  But that is not what I read this book for.   I read this to see what a really bad book looks like in the words of the author.  My rating:    1.5 Stars  
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********The last section of the book was a really good read, but that is it. There were a couple of cool ideas, but overall it was a boring book. The story was a bit hard to follow, but the last half of the story is great. There is a great story in there about the creation of the earth, which was a nice touch. I like the idea of a book called "The Bible" which deals with the creation stories. I am hoping the next book will have a good ending. Overall this is a good book, but I wouldn't read it again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read this book and I am glad I did.   It is a quick read and I think the book could be very short and still be a good read.  The story is about a young boy and his mother who have been divorced for several years and she has started a new life as a nun.  She moves to a convent and the young boy goes with her.  This book is about how she deals with her feelings of being an outcast and of not being wanted by the other boys.  It's a very well written book and it really gets to the heart of what makes a good mother. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read. It's poorly written, poorly written with a bad plot, poorly done and boring characters, poorly researched and researched poorly. I would not recommend this book to anyone and I am shocked that I gave this a 4 star rating because this book is a disaster.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was given this book for my birthday and I was extremely excited about it, but unfortunately it was horrible. I felt like it was just written to make me want to read it and I felt that the writer was very manipulative. It was very weird and I feel like the writing was very forced. This book is just boring. I am so disappointed in this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book. I found the character development and plot to be weak and, frankly, the story was just kind of boring. The characters are not really developed well and they are kind of cardboard cutouts. The author does not use much exposition and, for some reason, she tries to keep things vague by keeping things very vague. The only characters that are not cardboard cut-outs are the villains who are very fleshed out and very interesting. I could see her wanting to write a book about a bunch of weirdos in a world of wizards. However, the book was too thin, too flat and the plot just did not have much depth. I just wish I could find something else to read. "The Girl on the Train" is a collection of novellas written by Kate DiCamillo and illustrated by Alex Ross. The book follows a young woman who leaves the country and tries to live a new life. She has a bad experience traveling on the train from New York to Chicago and is drawn back to the city. I like this book a lot because it is light-hearted and has a good, funny plot that is told in a simple way. The illustrations by Alex are fantastic and they add a lot of color to the story. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a quick read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I read this book because it's on the library's reading list. The cover is a nice print, but the book itself is pretty bad. The main character is an overweight, self-absorbed person. Her life consists of food, booze, and self-pity. The character's personality is nothing like a human being. She's so completely self-centered that I could easily see her being miserable. She even goes so far as to say "You can't understand me until you know me better." That's the problem. I have never understood anyone. I am so not sure how to relate to her, and I don't know if I ever will.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is poorly developed, with many of the characters being given very little development. In fact, there's a few characters who are only there to be killed off for the sake of the plot. The main character is also very shallow, and while it does have a few amusing moments, it never comes anywhere near the greatness of The Lord of the Rings. The book is written very poorly, with a poor editing style that makes it impossible to tell the story. In addition, it also has several spelling mistakes, as well as a large number of typos. I would suggest reading the book first in order to read through all the errors in order, and then re-reading it for the typos and spelling mistakes to be fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was a disappointment to me. I loved the premise of the book, but the actual writing was so bad that I couldn't enjoy it at all. The story was about a family that has gone to the big city for a family reunion, but when they get there, they find that the reunion is ruined because the family member that had been invited was actually the villain in the story, so the entire family is put into a prison camp. Then, there's the little detail that one of the prisoners had written a book about the whole family going to the city, and it turned out that the book was actually about a different family that had gone to a city that turned out to be really dangerous, and that was the one the family was actually staying in. But, anyway, it was a story about the family who didn't have the best family life, so they had to go into the big town for a good time, but found out that all they were going to get was bad family life.   (hide spoiler)
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** ********** ********* I was very excited to start reading this book because I really enjoyed the previous book I read by the same author, and I was excited to read the follow up. It was very disappointing. I was expecting this book to be much better because of the other book, but instead I got the same thing. The book takes a very one-dimensional view of the story with little to no depth. It does not explain or justify any of the actions the characters are taking, and in fact the characters seem like the "bad guys". There are no back stories on any of them, and the only reason the characters were chosen for this story was because they were popular and good looking. They all seem like they are in on the game and the reason why they are going after the guy is because they are rich, and they are not going to let this guy out of their grasp. If they weren't so rich, this book would have been over in about the third chapter. The story is about the rich people trying to get the poor ones out of the way. If the characters had done anything that could have potentially hurt the rich, then this book could have been a lot more interesting. In fact, the characters should have been killed off early on because if they were going to kill them off, why not just have them killed off so the next book doesn't have to deal with them? This book just doesn't work. It is just a boring story that is trying to be interesting, but it is not. I would not recommend this book, unless you like being in on a game, and if that is the case then go ahead and buy this book. But if you are a normal reader, then do not buy this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a huge fan of the original Harry Potter series. This book was a disappointment for me. I found it confusing and I am glad I read the first two books and the movies first. I really wanted to like this book but the ending made it disappointing. I will never read another Harry Potter book because of this.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I was really excited to see this one come out. It's one of the few books that I'd recommend to anyone just starting out with fantasy or medieval fiction. Unfortunately, it's not a good book. I was hoping to like this one because I enjoyed the last one. Unfortunately the characters were not all that interesting and there weren't enough magic items to keep me interested. The story didn't keep me wanting to read on but it's probably not for everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- * The plot was so contrived that it's not even funny. I know the author is trying to make the book about the war, but you couldn't care less about it unless you were a fan of the subject matter. The characters were bland and boring. The author didn't seem to have any interest in making them interesting at all. * The writing was awful. It seemed like he just copied and pasted his way through a book. * I'm not a fan (at least not of the book) of Harry Potter, but this book was not as good as the books that the author writes in. * It was just too bad. This book was just bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was my first foray into the world of fantasy. I've read many books of my genre before, but never any that were so full of magic and such a fantastic world to be in. The worldbuilding is so unique and intriguing that I never expected the author to actually flesh out the characters and their lives (something she definitely did, with great success). The story was gripping and I definitely want to read more of the author's works. The only thing that I would like to see changed in this book is the character of Kavitha. I felt that she was extremely shallow in the beginning, and it took me quite a while to warm up to her, but I'm hoping that she will develop more over the course of the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The most fun thing about reading this book is the discussion of the characters and the world. The characters are all well-developed and have some interesting back stories that are fun to learn about. The book takes place in a dystopian world, and the author makes sure to explore the problems with government, law, religion, religion-based government, and how people view these. The setting is great, the characters are well developed, and all in all I enjoyed this book very much. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because I wish I could have read it more slowly. I don't think the pacing was that good, especially for the beginning of the book. I would have liked to see the world build up a bit more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not enjoy this book at all. I don't know why, it just didn't feel right for me. The book had an amazing cover and the description sounded really good. But once I got into the book I found it was very hard to read. There were lots of things I could not follow and many of the quotes were either hard to remember or just didn�t seem to make sense. It�s like a lot of the ideas are missing in this book. The characters are also hard to follow. I was trying to figure out why someone like John was acting the way he did and I had no clue. Also there are lots of details that are not explained and a lot that is left out. I feel like it�s not fair to say that this is a book for everyone because it really doesn�t feel like that at all, it felt like something that should have been done a long time ago. The story is great, the characters are really interesting but the story is a mess. I have to give this one a 3 star rating because it is still a great book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book had a lot of issues. I'm not sure if I've read the book in its entirety, but what I can remember from this book is a lot. The main problem I had with this book was the amount of spelling and grammatical errors. The characters are extremely unlikable, especially the male ones. There were times I was laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes and other times I felt like I wanted to throw my phone at the screen. I had a hard time finishing this book. Overall:    I did not enjoy this book as much as the first one. I have no idea why. I think I was expecting a lot more out of this book and it did not deliver. This is just one of those books that you should not let go of.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     It's a great story about how you can lose your job over a typo in a blog post. It's not a bad story by any means, but it doesn't really add up to anything in my opinion. There are so many things that don't add up. The main character has no problem using the internet to find out the truth about what happened to his wife, even though it is clear that he's the only one who knows anything. The author seems to want to make a case for why a blogger should be held to the same standards as a journalist (but of course, journalists aren't held to those standards, because it's not like we get to tell the truth). This book is basically a collection of blog posts written by the guy who was fired for a typo on his blog. There is not one good thing to say about this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  " The writing style is bad... the author has a poor grasp on grammar and spelling and the grammar is often poorly punctuated. I'm glad I did not purchase this book." " The prose is flat and uninspired." I had high hopes for this book and I was not disappointed. This book is about a character who is a child, but I didn't find this to be a problem as the story is told from the character's point of view and that is the way the book is best read. The story is a bit of a mystery, but it is still good. I do think that the book would have benefited from a few more pages in it to help bring the characters to life, but there were a lot of interesting things about this book that I didnít want to leave the book. I loved the art in this book as well. I really like the way they drew the characters, especially the one who is missing a leg. I will definitely be looking out for more art in other books by this author, as she is an artist and the art is very interesting.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________  You will be disappointed in this book, but it was an excellent and enjoyable read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I just don't like this book. It's about a man who is trying to find a cure for a disease, and who is able to get a sample from an old friend of his, who died from the disease. The man then gets in touch with his dead friend's sister, who seems to have had some kind of an immunity. They start to look for the disease, but eventually end up trying to kill each other in order to find the cure. It wasn't that bad a book. I thought that the main character, as I mentioned before, was a little silly, but he was able to come across as being somewhat interesting. However, the way the book is set up doesn't really make me want to read the rest of the story, and the characters were so poorly written. They were just plain awful, and I don't really know why the author put them in the book. In particular, there was a character that I didn't like very much, who was a priest. He is always trying to convince people that they are wrong, and that their religion is wrong. He was a bit too obsessed with that idea, and it made me dislike him. The main character also had an annoying habit of talking too much, which made me want him to shut up. All in all, I don the book was pretty bad. I just don the one of the reasons why I hate this book so much.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ This book has some good ideas in it, but it is completely unreadable and is a waste of time. _____________ This is not a great book but it was a great investment to read for the money. I would recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed that this book is so poorly written. It is just an awful story with the main character doing some stupid things and the rest of the characters just running around in circles and complaining about things. It just doesn't make any sense. I am so upset about this book that I almost wish that the writer was killed or something like that. I read a few reviews about the writing and I just don't think that it was done right. The main character, Jack, is so annoying that it's like watching an old person with a bad accent that is just trying to talk. It's like he's in his 50's and he is trying to be the character that he thinks the young adult readers want to see. I really wish that he had been better written and I'm not sure that this is a good way to go about writing a book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at a hotel and the hotel staff said I needed to buy the book in order to read it, but they were charging me more to read the book than to buy it.  If I had known it would be this bad, I wouldn't have bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   "The Book Thief  is a story about a man named Tom who finds himself at the wrong end of a knife, as he is kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang of thieves who stole his brother's wallet. The book begins with the robbery and the kidnapping, which is a very well done premise and leads the reader into a well done story. I like the way that the story develops throughout the story, the villains have a good reason to be kidnapping Tom as well as the heroes have a reason to rescue him, the way they get to Tom is interesting and they get there in a fun way. The story is very well written and the characters are very well developed." - The Book Thief Reviewer "A good book thief needs a good book to steal." - Book Thief Book Reviewer"This is a good story and well written. The kidnappers are well done and the main character is well written." - Bookshelves.com "I think that this is a great book, it really is a story that I would like to read." - Goodreads.com "...this is one of those good books that has a nice twist at the end." - Lulu.com
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best way to describe this book would be to say that the author does not understand what it means to have a good story, and thus, it's all but impossible to connect with the characters.  There is a clear lack of character development, a lack of development that makes one question the author's decision to include the author of the previous book, and a lack that makes the reader question the book's premise as well.  This is a book I can understand that would be written by a younger author, but not by an author who is well established in the genre.   This book does have a few plot points that could have been very interesting, but the author just seems to get lost in the world she's created.  One thing that really bugs me is the fact that the narrator is always either a male or female in this book.  This isn't a novel, it is a collection of short stories.  I don't see how the author could possibly expect anyone to like this novel if they don't have an interest in the short stories, and this book is really nothing more than a collection.  For some reason, I felt the story could have used a little more background and depth.  Another issue I have with this book was that the writer really couldn't give the characters enough to do.  The book is filled with characters who have no agency of their own, the book ends with a cliffhanger, and the end of the book does not give any answers as to the question of how this all ends.  It seems as if the writer just did not want to deal with the many issues that come with a book of this type, and so she threw out all the characters and left the reader with a vague feeling that she was left with no choice but to read more.  Unfortunately, if the book had been a collection, it would have been a much more interesting and engaging read.  In the end, this was a book that didn't have the impact of the others I've read, but it was certainly a fun read that had some nice moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________. I bought this book to find out what a real vampire was like. I was excited to read this book. I read a review by a good friend who said this book was one of the best he's ever read. It was very good, but unfortunately, it was not one of his favorites. I did not find the story interesting enough to want to continue reading it, so I will have to pass on this book, and I think it is a waste of money to buy a copy. I wish this book could have been longer, but I will give it the benefit of the doubt.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________ I have been searching for a good book to read for a while now. The last book that I have read that was just about the subject of my interest (the story of a girl who has lost her parents to suicide and has to find her own way) was called "Lovers at Midnight". I read that book in a week, and I am glad I did. The story was told with great care and a good amount of insight into what it means to be a young adult and to have someone you love so much take their own life. The author, Erin K. Williams is a very gifted writer. I am so excited to read her new book, "The Dead" which I am looking forward to reading this Fall.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have given this book 3 stars, but it really wasn't that good. There are several chapters that just make you wonder how in the world she was ever allowed to have a job. Her ideas are so far off the wall and so full of misconceptions about the people she interviewed.  Even worse is the fact that she was supposed to be a "prolific writer" and had never written anything published.  The last thing I want to talk about is the "faux" photos in the book, as in, it's not the same old stuff.   This is the first time I've seen anything like this on a children's book.  It's not a bad thing by any means, but I'm still not happy with the photos.  The photos were used as a cheap marketing gimmick and didn't really help the story at all.  I have some bad things to say about the book itself, but that's all I can really say without spoiling the story for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********This book made me cry. It made me feel like a kid again. ************* It's funny but it's not the funny book it claims to be. ***************I liked this book a lot, I did not like it as much as I thought I would. ******************** This is one of those books that I will probably only read for the characters and the story. ******I think this book is a bit of a drag, but that's just because I'm an old dog and I still love a good story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's a good book, but it's not the book I wanted from the start. I wanted to read something more philosophical about the nature of death, and about death as a part of life and the universe. I did not get that from this book. I feel like it's a bad sequel to the previous book, which I really liked.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am really enjoying this book. It's not just a collection of stories, but a really well-written, well-thought-out series of short stories. There are some really good stories in here, but some of them aren't that great. But I love them anyway! I also really like the fact that this is a collection with the characters being in different places at different times, so that each time you read it you're getting a different take on the characters. It also works well as a short story collection, because there is a really good variety of stories in it.  If you like:   Funny, funny stories!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a very poorly written book, and I found the author to be lazy. I also found the characters to be poorly developed, and the plot very predictable.  It's a bit hard to get into, and at the end of the day it's a pretty boring story.  A little bit about me: I'm a huge science fiction and fantasy fan, and this was one of my favorite books of the year.  I've read some good books this year, but this one had some of the best writing and the most unique world I've ever read.  This was a fun, funny, and compelling story, with some fantastic characters, that is a great read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It is a story of a boy's life who wants to be a great warrior, but is only a mediocre one. The book has the usual fantasy elements: magic and monsters and swords. It was interesting, but I felt the characters were a bit too similar to those in many fantasy books I've read. I'd read something new for the first time and not be able to recognize any of the characters.   I did like the writing style though.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time. I can't find anything positive to say about it. The first half of the book is about a woman trying to help a boy with a broken arm. I read a review about how this book was about a boy who had been tortured by a monster. I didn't find that to be true at all. There was nothing about him being tortured. The author is just going through the motions and doesn't really make a point. It's basically about the girl trying to do something for a kid who is suffering from a broken limb. The second half of this book is actually the boy's POV and is very good. The boy talks about the abuse he had suffered from his father and how he had tried to kill himself. The only thing that bothers me about this book (besides the lack of action) is that there is no love in it. At all. I think this is one of those books where a person with a strong emotional attachment to a character will really love it, but others will not enjoy it at all, and they can find the story boring. I just think that the author didn't write to his strengths and I would have liked to read about a girl who really cares for someone and not just another story about a kid trying to fix his broken arm, a boy struggling with mental illness and being in a dysfunctional family, a man trying to get over the pain of losing a lover, a woman who was abused by her husband and wants to help him, and a girl struggling with her own broken heart trying to figure out how to deal with it all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't have a lot of time to read. I have a busy life and a few errands to run. I got this book about a year ago, and I'm reading it today. I was excited to find out that it was a memoir about my childhood, but unfortunately it wasn't. It's not a good memoir, but it is a decent memoir about a lot going on in the author's life. It is a good read for people who want to know more about their family history. I just wish the author had done a better job at making the story a bit more realistic. The story is pretty good but the author doesn't do enough to give the reader a feeling of being in the shoes of my great-great-great grandfather.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is interesting, but the way the story was told is just lame. The author is trying to make a point about the nature of truth, but he can't make the point and just comes off as a pompous pompous asshole.  If you want to read a good book that is also about politics, watch a political movie like The American President or even a documentary like this one about the presidential campaign in Canada: I like the subject matter and the way it is being presented, but it just doesn't work.  If you liked the first book, you'll probably like this, but I can't see myself getting any further with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________________________________________ If you liked this book, then you should probably check out some of the other ones she's written (and if you don't like them, then it's ok, there are lots of other good authors out there). The book is still a bit clunky to me (the cover doesn't help either), and there are some sections that are just... dull (for example, when she tries to convince you that you should eat chocolate as a reward for good grades). However, the book is well-written, and there is a lot of good information. If you're a bit of a foodie, this book is definitely worth reading.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ***********This is a good book, but a bad one at that. This is a great book to read when you are bored in class or want to hear some good history about the United States, but this book is really hard to read. If you want to learn about history and you want it to be interesting and informative then this is the book for you. The book starts off with some good information about American history, and the first half of the book is about how Americans have always tried to make their country better. But then the second half of this book gets very boring. You learn nothing new about history, there is no new information about what went on during the war. And then you are introduced to the United Nations. What does this have to do with American history? No real information was given in this book. The information given is so boring that I can't believe they even wrote a book about it. I'm still trying to figure out what this book has to do other than to make Americans out to be stupid people. *****
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book did not live up to my expectations.  I'm not sure why.    I don't really understand the need to be "fantasy friendly" when your characters are monsters.  It does not make sense that they are just evil.  In fact, the first few chapters are just straight up evil. The characters are just bad and cruel, but not just evil like the main character.  And that's okay because they're the ones writing this story, and that's their problem.  If they wanted to write a good story about a good person and his struggle, they would have just gone with a normal person and a good ending.  This is just too much like another "fic" by the same author, and if you want to read a "fantastical" book with a good plot and a well written character, you need to find another author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is difficult to put a bad review about this book. It's not like I have anything against science fiction or fantasy and this book isn't a bad read.  However, I had a hard time getting into the book.  I read this book because I wanted to read a book about what the future might look like.  I was intrigued by the idea of the "space marine" and it was a good start to a good story.  Unfortunately, it didn't last and the story itself wasn't very interesting.   The story of the book is about a man called Marcus, who was born in the year 2100 and is a space marine.  Marcus is sent to an alien planet that has been colonized by a group of people called the Nihilists.  When he arrives he is the only one who can survive and he must find the Nudists and stop them.  The book was really well written and I enjoyed the first half of the novel.  However, the story became a little boring after the third or fourth page and the character development was not very good.  It would have been better to have just left the story open ended and let the reader fill in the blanks.  Overall, I found this a good book but it wasn't good enough to be a good novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "I have never read anything with such an uninspired, uninspired book as this one. I can't believe that a publisher would do this to a book that is so bad that you can't imagine how it could have been so bad, but I suppose that's the way it goes sometimes. The whole thing is a bunch of clichés, but at least the clichés are pretty funny. So, a funny book about a girl who has a boyfriend, and a boy who is not her boyfriend, a guy who she is too busy to date, and the girl's best friend, and her mother, and all of the rest of it, so I guess I can be happy." -- Laura Posted by Unknown at 3:14 PM
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a very well written book about how to take charge of your life and how to make good choices. The author is not one of those people who talks about how they are just "doing their own thing" and you should get a life. The real power in this book is the insights he has into what is truly important in life. He is the real deal and you really get to see his process as he has made decisions about things like how to deal with his children, work and how he wants to live his life. This book is a must for anyone who is trying to make sense of their life and make choices. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- "It is so incredibly frustrating. I've bought and read books by other authors before, but this is the first book by this author that made me want to stop reading and just go home and never pick it up again."   I really enjoyed this book. I have enjoyed several other books by the same author in the same genre. I am a huge fan of fantasy and have read the same kind of books. I also enjoy reading stories with strong characters. I do not think this book had that. I liked the story and the characters and I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good fantasy novel. I was disappointed in the ending but I was surprised by the beginning. I like the ending a lot more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  This is my first time reading a book from a publisher, and the first book I've ever been disappointed with!   This book is filled with inaccuracies, and there are several instances of the author taking a quote out of context. I didn't like the fact that the author didn't give any credit where it was due, and didn't explain why he felt that way. I felt like the author was taking things out of his own mouth.   The book is full of typos and grammatical errors, but they aren't that big of deal. It is the parts of the book that don't make sense that bother me. This book was a very interesting read, but it left me with a very bad taste in my mouth.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________   This is a great book about the history of the Vietnam War. It is an honest and well researched book. It was not, however, a pleasant reading. The authors have created a world that is compelling and interesting. The author is a well-read person, and he knows the history well. He did a good job in presenting the information. The book is not too long and it is well written. I recommend it to anyone interested in history.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I had to go through a ton of books to find this one, but it is still a good book. There are some parts that I don't like but that's just because I'm picky, but overall it's still a great book and is worth the effort to get. I do have some complaints though. For one, it is a bit difficult to get through the story, especially since the author puts in a lot of details that are quite detailed and I really don't have the time to do it all. So it's hard to keep up with the story. Also, there is a scene at the end where it mentions something about the boy that is very inappropriate and I can't imagine why the author decided to do that.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of this author's work. This book was very fun and exciting to read. However, the author didn't make a single good choice in the plot. She decided to have the main character (Kitty) go on an adventure, get a boyfriend, meet up with some other girls, and then she has a big adventure where she and her friends save the world from the villain, who was supposed to be a villain, but turns out to be the hero.  In other words, the plot was predictable and boring and, as the last book I read by this author, the book just wasn't that good.  The final line was: "I wish the main characters had been more likeable."  In conclusion:    If you like books that have adventure and suspense, this is a good one.   I really enjoyed this book, but I think it's a good idea to read the other books in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't enjoy this book. I feel like the author should have made a better attempt at writing a story and more interesting characters. The story was really well written, but I found it boring. I was looking forward to seeing what happened to the main character, but it didn't happen. I didn t like how the main female character was portrayed. She was just too "miserable" and "weak". She also kept saying that she "had nothing to lose" and I thought that was really harsh. I wasn t happy about the "discovering" of the world, which was also very bland. There wasn t anything interesting in the plot, so I didn 't really care for it. It just didn't appeal to me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring and boring.  I am so tired of the same old fantasy series that we are forced to read because they are good sellers.  There are some interesting ideas about human society and religion that I enjoyed, but the story never really grabs me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited to read this book because I have enjoyed the others by this author. However, after reading the synopsis, I found it to be very bland.  If you are looking for a book with a good plot and a good ending, look elsewhere.    The only positive about this book: The plot was a little slow to get going, but it did have a great ending, which I liked very much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't want the book to be good.  He gives us no explanation of what it is that he's trying to write.  I think he thought that he was writing a science fiction book, but it's really just an inane rant about the evils of social justice.   The last thing he really wants us to be is an intellectual.  He wants us as his readers to be his intellectual inferior.  It's also worth mentioning that the book has nothing to do with the book.  It's not a science-fiction book at all.  In fact, it's a book that is more about him being a bigoted, racist jerk than about the book at hand.  As a sci-fi fan, I was really hoping that this was going to be a good book. It's a fun book to read though. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I thought this was going to be a good book but it wasn't. The author is really not interested in the story, the characters, the world she creates, the style or even the worldbuilding. She doesn't seem to care about any of these things and it seems like she doesn't want to. It seems to be just a shallow excuse for a book to get a good rating. I didn't finish it but I felt like I should have. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is awful. The premise is that the world is run by the government and there is a secret society called the Illuminati that is running everything, they are the "evil" force behind all the evil things going on. The first 50 pages are a bunch of propaganda about how the government is the good guys, and then the "real" story begins. The book is about how a small group of people, the Illuminati, has created a computer virus that takes over computers and turns them against the world. It takes a while for the reader to get to the part where the reader is supposed to find out what the Illuminati's plan is for the world, but that's only when you get to about page 70, when the book is getting really long. The author spends about 2/3 of the book telling you what the problem is with the world and how the Illuminati is doing it. The second third of the story is about the Illuminati infiltrating government organizations and taking over their computers. The last third is about fighting the Illuminati and stopping their plan. It's really a mess. The only redeeming feature of the writing is that it's the only thing the book has going for it. There are some good ideas in the book, but it's just really bad. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "My boyfriend and I decided to take a road trip with our friend this summer.  We got on the road around 5pm on a Saturday.    It started out great, but we started getting lost pretty soon and the next thing I know, we are sitting at a red light in the middle of the road.  "       After we made it to a motel, my boyfriend realized we left our cell phone at the motel.  The next day, he came home to find that our phones had been stolen.  It was a $600 phone, but not one I would ever use.  I have no idea what to do now.  Thanks for the great book, but I think I will never be able to use a phone again." It's about as realistic as the "The Secret"   This is a pretty bad book.  First of all, it's really not that realistic.  You don't know the exact weather conditions at the time you're hiking, you don't always know the distance you've traveled.  There are a few situations where you think it's going to rain or snow, but it doesn't.  So it's a little unrealistic.  But it's also not too bad either.  If I were to compare this book to the others, I would say this one is better.  This book is about a guy who wants to go hiking, but is scared to death to do it.  He does the first trail of a hike with his best friend and they have a great time.  Then one day he decides he's not going to do the trail with his friend anymore, but goes off on his own.  Now he's lost in the woods and it's getting dark, but his cell phone dies so he has to rely on his friends to get him to a place where he can use his phone.  After all of that, the story ends.  And it's not really bad because it's realistic.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The last chapter is a "whodunnit".  I found the whole book to be a bit too much like a detective novel.  My main problem with this book is that it tries to do too much.    It's a little over the top.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who likes mystery novels. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's a great story, and the writing is really good. But this book was just bad."  What a shame. This is my third Harry Potter book, but my first review for this series. I liked the books as a child and I loved the movie and the show. This book is a little dull for me. The main character was good at the beginning, but the second book was boring, and after that I stopped reading the series. This was a good book for kids and adults. I would recommend this book for both, though.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ I have no idea what was going on in the mind of the author, except that it's a very bad book. She writes it in a way that would be a good idea for a kid's storybook, but it's way too much. She has a tendency to have some of her characters do very bad things, or just be in the wrong place at the wrong time. The characters in this book are so annoying that I just wanted them to die. The other characters also are annoying. There's the old woman who is obsessed with the bad guys, who is never in a good mood, who has a son who is very annoying and is always acting out. She's a bad mother and she's just going through the motions to get her son back from the bad guy. There are some other bad characters, like the kid who's a bit of a jerk, but at least he's funny in a bad way. And there's the girl who's so mean, but in a nice way. She just has a way of making things hurt. The author is too self-righteous about how much she hates bad people and how much it bothers her that these bad people exist. In the end, it's just not that great of a book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I'm a HUGE fan of the Wheel of Time series. However, this book is a complete train wreck. The first three or four chapters were great, but this book, which has the same title, is just a mess. It was a little slow for me, but overall I'm glad I picked it up. But I can't say it was worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I have been a lurker for a while, but now I'm a member. This book is a bit of a disappointment. I can't believe that after all the hype and hype, a book like this hasn't been released. It is a very dry book, which I can see why people would be turned off by it, but I am not a fan of dry books and I didn't really enjoy this one. I don't think the characters were interesting enough to be able to care about them, or even understand them, as it's mostly just exposition. I will say that I did like that the author did a lot of research into the world of the books he's reading, and the people he's describing, and I also think that he does a good job in explaining some of the things he does know about the world. I wish that he would have made the characters a bit more interesting, as I found myself wanting to know more about them. I also wish that they had more depth. I feel like a lot is made up of their personality, and while I understand that, I wish they were given more to do in the book.Overall, I think that if you don't mind the fact that you will probably hate this book, I would recommend it. I just found it very boring, and not very interesting at all. It's a bit like having a discussion with a complete stranger on a topic that you don the know nothing about.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________I bought this book thinking that I would love it and was pleasantly surprised. The first half of the book I thought I was in a bad romance and I really didn't want to continue because I really like romance. However, the author makes a pretty good point that most romance books are bad and not worth the time. I can't really think of a bad novel that is better than this one. It has good characters, well written, funny, good plot, great characters and great plot. I didn't really like the romance but it didn't bother me as much as it should have.Overall I think this book was okay, I would have loved to have had a bit more time with the characters, and I thought the romance was interesting but it just didn't do it for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- **This was a very enjoyable book. There is a lot of information in it, but it doesn't make you want to jump in and start reading. It's a good book that is well-written, but not one I'd read again. I did find the ending to be a bit of a letdown and I wish there had been a bit more of the background in the book about the author's childhood. I feel like I'm missing out on more than I should be if I only had the first two books to read and this book.**
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was pretty boring to read. The plot was pretty simplistic. There were a lot of scenes that could have been condensed to a one-sentence synopsis. The main character had a lot going on in his life and we never got to see it. The author did a pretty good job at describing the environment the characters lived in and what their problems were, but I was hoping for a more engaging story. The ending was pretty weak as well.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________   I am currently reading The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. I don't think I have read a book more wrong. I have never been more embarrassed to be a Fitzgerald fan than I am now. I can't believe that anyone could have bought this book thinking it was a good one. I am in complete disbelief that I have been reading books by a great writer like Fitzgerald that have absolutely nothing to do with the great writing in this book. This book is just bad. I read the first 50 pages and then realized that the writing was awful and that I would never finish this book and I would be better off not reading it.   This book is a terrible attempt at trying to make the reader understand and feel for the character Daisy Buchanan. This is an extremely lazy way to do it and if it is possible to have the reader sympathize with a character, it's easy to do so with the main character of Daisy Buchanan, especially if she's trying to be sympathetic and the reader is meant to sympathize.  :) I'm not a fan of the F.Scott Fancher books and I don' t remember what made me want to read this one at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of The Dragonriders of Pern series by Anne McCaffrey. I just wish it was longer. The first book was a lot of fun and had a lot to say about the modern world. The second book just feels like it was put together without much thought. The main character, Eryndra, and her friends (I forget the names of the others) all have a different attitude about their life in the world of fantasy. It seems as if they just want to go back to their life of adventure and adventure. The characters are interesting but not really developed. I really wanted to know more about them but it just wasn't there. There is a lot more that could have been done with the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I was very disappointed in this book, it was so boring. I'm a huge fan of the series so it was a disappointment that the author couldn't keep up with the story line and keep me interested. I read the first three books but this one is so boring I'm not sure I'll ever finish it. I do like the first four books but it's not enough to keep me reading. I have no desire to read the others. I would rather just read the old ones first.   I like the idea that this book is based on a book that someone wrote back in the 1800's and I thought it was really good. The book starts out in 1777 and ends in 1812 and it's so cool that they both have a very similar storyline. They both start out as a man and a woman who are trying to figure out what to do with their life and they both end up on opposite sides of a war. It's very interesting and it feels like a sequel to a book I've read many times before. The author even went as far as making the book cover look like a picture book and it looks really good so I really liked that. I liked the fact that the story is set during the Revolutionary War because it gives a different spin on the story. I've always liked how different it was from the other books because of how different the characters were. It was a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very interesting and well written book that offers an interesting perspective on the subject of religion, and a look at the history of the world from the perspective of religions.   The book is not written in a way that makes the reader want to be a devout believer, but rather a person who questions and questions until the book is finished. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't understand why so many authors who publish in a lot of different venues do not seem to get it. This book was very badly written. There is so much fluff that I could have finished it in a day and not had to read a single word. I am sure the author read it over and over in a couple of different formats. This is not what you would expect from a writer who writes books about a very specific type of relationship.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I am a big fan of books. But, this book has been a major disappointment. This book was based on a children's book of the same name by John Steinbeck. The only thing that I didn't like about this book was the characters. The boy was not a lovable character and he seemed to be made up of stereotypes. The girl was the same. The man was not the man. The woman was not what I expected. This is a major flaw. I know this book is based on the book of John Steinbrenner, but I can't believe that he did this to children. This was a bad idea. I would not recommend this book to anyone. I do recommend this for those who like children's books and are looking for something different.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I thought the book was great, but it got old after about 10 books. It just got boring and I don't like reading the same thing over and over again. It would be better if there were more characters, more back stories, more action, more romance, more sex, more drugs, more humor. Overall: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is about a boy who is about to be taken away from his family.  He is a good boy, he works hard and has a good heart, but he is always being told he is bad.    He has a girlfriend who wants him to be a good man.  The boy, being a good person, wants to be good enough to live with his girlfriend and make her happy.  He is going to a good school, but is not as smart as he thinks he is.  When the girl who is with him is about 4, her dad is going away to visit his family for the holidays.  She wants to spend time with him, but not before he takes her out of school to do some "man-time".  When they go out, the boyfriend is constantly being told his dad is coming back.  Her dad says he's coming back on Christmas Eve.  They make plans to go out that night, but her dad says not until he has gotten some sleep.  I don't know how much of the book I will get out of it, because the plot is just ridiculous.  If you have any problems with that, then skip this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book, but I feel that it was a waste of time.  It's just not a book I would read.  "You don't need the whole thing to make the story go," says one of the other people, as the narrator's voice comes through the door.   This book is not a story.  It is a description of a few things that happened.  I found the narrator somewhat annoying because she never really explains herself or anything about what she was trying to say.  She just describes what she remembers about things and gives the reader a summary of what happened. I feel like she should have told us more about her childhood or what she did before she became a writer or a writer's writer.  This book is just not interesting.    I'm disappointed because the book is about a lot of the things that I like.  The things that make me feel warm and fuzzy when I think about my childhood.  But the story is so very short and not enough to make me want to pick up a second book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________   1) "The book is a good deal, but I couldn't get past the first half. The narrator is so very nice. The other two narrators are not so nice at all."   This is a review for the paperback edition of The Devil's Dictionary, not the Kindle version. The Kindle version is good, but there are some problems.   First, this is not a book that is easy to read, because of the numerous spelling and grammar errors. I found the spelling especially bad. The author is an amateur in this area, which is a shame because I have heard good things about his writing. The errors are not always deliberate, but they are often careless. It is like he's a first grader writing about the latest pop culture fad.  , the author is a very nice guy who is clearly having a lot of fun writing this book. However, he also seems to have an unfortunate habit of writing in a way that would make an average first graders cringe. I have a son, and I know exactly how he would feel about this book, but my son's voice is that of a four year old. This is a book for the pre-teens and teens.   in this book is listed: "Cannibalism, suicide, necrophilia, and bestiality, to name a few." It's not a list of actual words, but it is a list that is quite descriptive of the kinds of things that a reader might find in a dictionary. The words that are not on this list are not really used by the author, but rather the reader is expected to make some sort of mental leap in their mind to determine the meaning of the words. For example, the list for "nudity" includes: "A person who is completely nude. A person with a low body odor, such as that of urine or feces." That is, of course, the only possible way that the author could come up with the word "nude."   the other two first-person narrators, the older of the two (about 10 years older than the younger) and the younger one, have the tendency to speak in a very, very childish manner. The younger narrator is particularly terrible at spelling. The older narrator, on the other hand, can be quite literate. The two narrations are written in a rather amateurish manner, but the younger narrator has to be read to understand the words
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ "The last couple of pages are the weakest of the book and I think the authors were going for a bit of a wry joke. The plot was good enough, but the last couple pages left a lot to be desired. A bit disappointing."
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved this book, but the main character was annoying. Her character is supposed to be one of the brightest people in the world, and she seems to have a personality disorder. She's always trying to be more outgoing and outgoing. But, as soon as she talks to someone, she's so quiet and she just sits there talking. That made me really want to get to know her better, but she just kept talking so much. I wanted to get on with the book, and not read the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:       The book is good in many ways. But there are too many plot holes to be believable.   In a plot that was "set in" the "real" world, the main character had to travel to Paris and meet up with the other characters that they met on their way to London. This is a problem because Paris is not really Paris. The French capital is the same, the same buildings are in the same place. There are a lot of similarities in the streets, the architecture, the food and even the people. It's a little bit too easy to assume that this is a true representation of Paris.  The main character spends the majority of the book trying to get his brother to take a date to the movies. The book does give a lot back to the brother in that he learns a lot about his brother and his life. However, there are many plot points that are left out. There is no real story about the brother.  Also, the author uses a lot more "filler" chapters than I was expecting. He doesn't need filler chapters because he has so much material.  It's the kind of book that I would like to read again but I don't know if I would recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- It was an interesting book that I will certainly read again, but I found the writing a little clumsy. This could have been a good book if it were edited. The writing style reminded me of a writer trying to make a point through the use of slang. Overall: -------------- This is a good read, with a little bit of romance and an interesting plot. The romance in this is somewhat lacking, but the story is enjoyable.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book has the potential to be a great one, if the author can make the transition from the first person to the third person a little smoother.   I'm going to be looking forward to the next book in the series, so I'm glad that I read this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I bought this book thinking it was going to be a good book. I was disappointed. I bought the Kindle version from Kindleworld and got the e-book version at Barnes and Noble. I thought the book was very well written and was very entertained. I had a lot of fun reading it. Unfortunately, I think the book is only a little funny and the writing style is not very good. I don't think I could ever recommend this book to anyone. I would definitely read a different book by the same author.  I bought this on a whim to read with my son. He didn't want to read this book. The premise sounded great and I wanted to give it a chance. However, it just didn't work for us. We were bored in the first chapter and then I found myself annoyed with the characters in the second chapter. I think I would prefer to be able to understand the main characters before being entertained by them.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to tell you how much I disliked this book, but I don't have a single negative thing to say about it.  It's an interesting read that I'll look back on with fond memories for a while.  I was intrigued by this one, as I've been following the progress of the 'Cannibalism Trilogy' and this was the first book in the series.   The book starts off in the 1800's and we are introduced to a group of men that live in a farmhouse in upstate New York.  The farm is a big old rambling place, and the group that lives there have a number of problems that they need to deal with, which include, but are not limited to, a group called the 'The Cult'.   The book starts out with one of the members of the Cult, a man named Billy, telling us about his childhood and his experiences in the cult.  He tells us about how he was born into a family of poor white trash.  Billy's mother was a prostitute who had a child with a man who died in a car accident, which caused the child to grow up with the trauma of his mother being raped.  That is a horrible story and one that I think a lot of people can relate to, but Billy's story is far from a happy one.  His father was a drunk who beat Billy whenever he had a temper.  At one point he beat Billy's father so badly, that the father had to have his stomach cut open.  Once Billy got to be of age, he moved out with his father and his step mother.  This was where the real trouble started.  While living in his father's house, Billy had a number 'one' girls come into his home, he had to fight them off and they would go to his father who would beat the women with a wooden spoon.  One night, Billy came home and saw that his father had beaten his mother so badly that she had to be hospitalized.  So Billy moved out.  But that was just the beginning.  I'm not going to give you the plot synopsis for this one. The story begins with Billy's dad having a heart attack, which leaves him with a damaged heart and a broken back.  After his father dies, Billy is sent to live with his aunt in up state New York, where he is to be raised.  What happens next is a bit confusing
Write a negative review about a bad book:    It's very interesting, it's a nice read, but the ending leaves a lot to be desired.   The author makes the story interesting and the characters are well developed, but there is an ending that does not really add to the story, and it really made me think a little more about the characters and the world they live in.   a good read, I like it, but it's not something I would recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited to read this book that I went out and bought a copy from the bookstore when I saw it had been reviewed and I was very disappointed in the book itself. The story is set in a very small town in Iowa that is full of all sorts of different people from all different walks of life.  It's a pretty standard book about a boy who has a hard time accepting who he is because of his autism.  I thought this book was okay, I'm sure the author had a good idea of what to write about in a children's book.  I'm just disappointed that I found it boring.  This book has a great premise and it could have been great if it had just been a bit more interesting.  It's not even as if the author didn't give the kids a chance to express themselves, she gives the kids the opportunity to be who they want to be without giving them any kind of negative message or a negative message at all.  She just seems to go with the flow of the story and does what she can with the situation.  As a parent, I was glad she gave the kids this opportunity, it makes it easier for me to understand what it is like to have autism.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved this book. I don't think I would have enjoyed it had I read it before I started my PhD program in philosophy. It is definitely a good read and the author has a nice voice. However, I wish it were a little more structured. I was also disappointed that I was never really able to connect to some of the characters.   Overall I think it is a good book for a general audience. I would recommend it to those who are looking for a good philosophy read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was bad. The story is good and I'm sure you could use some of the stories from this book as a guide to how not to write a good story. I am looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I enjoyed the first three books of the Inheritance Cycle, but this is the weakest of the trilogy. There are some nice touches like the character of the "Elder of the Green Dragon" (a great name for a dragon), but the main focus is on the politics, with lots of bad decisions and political maneuvering. This is a bit of a departure from the previous two books, which focused more on the family.  The final confrontation was not all that satisfying, but I guess I am just not a huge fan of dragons. The main problem with this book is the lack of a cliffhanger ending.  The final battle is really long and boring.  The main character, Aredian, doesn't really have any redeeming qualities at all, and I really dislike her character.   This book is really a disappointment to me.  I thought the first two books would have been a little better.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does not provide any information about the source or the author. The reader is left to infer that the book was written by a madman.  A strange thing is that it doesn't even have a "review" page so it's difficult to get a sense of the quality of the writing.    If the author was mad, he or she would have at least added a note at the beginning saying so, or at least at the end.  I would give this book 3 out of 5 stars if the author had provided a better introduction to his subject matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I loved this book...but then I read the whole thing."   - Anonymous I liked this book. It's a good, short read. It doesn't really stand out in my head as anything special, but that's not really a bad thing. I have a lot of similar stories in my own head that I'm going to use as a basis for a short story. It took me a little bit to get through the book and it's a little slow for me, but it's still a good read. If you have any interest in fantasy or sci-fi, then I'd definitely recommend this book to you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "The book is very bad, I am not a fan of books like this and I think it should be banned, but I still want to read it"
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the first book by a woman author I've read in a while and I enjoyed it. The plot is the one thing I don't like about this book, it's not like any of her other books. It's a bit confusing to me. There's so many characters but you never know who is who or what they're thinking. It is not like the other books, which I enjoy a lot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of the works of Stephen King, and this book, in particular, was one of my favorites.  The author has done a brilliant job of capturing the mood and atmosphere of the book.   However, I have to say that I found this book a bit disappointing.  It is supposed to be a horror story, yet there were some really creepy parts that I just couldn't shake off.  This is not a bad thing, but I felt like I was going to get scared, so I kept re-reading it.  It is not as bad as some of the other horror books I have read, but it was still disappointing.   I guess I am going to read the next one in this series, but only if I have a lot of time to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I'm a writer and a teacher, so I can't really say anything bad about this book. It's a very well written, and entertaining book, but I can easily see how someone might feel a little let down. The plot is simple and the characters are likable, but the story never gets to the heart of what makes the book so good. The characters are so believable, the plot is well-paced, and there is so much plot that you can't help but love every chapter. I really enjoyed this book and I hope it will be a hit for the same reason that I enjoyed it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* I was disappointed by this book. I had high hopes for it but I just couldn't get into it. It was boring, too detailed, and was extremely predictable. I didn't get the sense that the author thought she was writing a science fiction novel but that just made it boring and predictable. It didn't help that the book was written in first person but that doesn't mean it didn't feel like I was in the author's head. If you have to read a book about a space station crew, then it probably isn't the book for you. If the author did an amazing job of writing about what the crew would do on a space ship, then that is amazing. If not, it's just a boring book with too many details. If your expecting something exciting, then you might like it but the author does not make it interesting. I think the book would be better off in a "Science Fiction" category but it's not that good.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I was so excited to get this book, but the worst part was the fact that the book is about a woman's pregnancy and not about the story itself. The story was good, but this book was not. The character is not the main focus of the book, instead it is the pregnancy and the birth of the baby. The main character is a woman, and while she does end up giving birth, it is in a very strange way. Also, it was very difficult to understand the character's reasoning. It seems that they are doing this in order to help the baby and make sure the baby is healthy and that there is a happy ending. I didn't understand how this was possible, but I'm sure that it was explained in a way that I can understand. If you're looking for a great read that will make you laugh, but it's not going to change your life, then this book is not for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure if I was expecting too much from a fantasy novel, but this one was a disappointment. I'm a huge fan of Tolkien, but I'm very disapointed with this book. I enjoyed the first three books, but The Silmarillion is no longer on my must-read list.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a really nice story, but it has a bad ending. It's a little annoying that there's so much potential in this book, but the author didn't deliver. The author writes that she's working on a sequel, but I'm not sure if it'll be anything I'll want to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is not a good book. It is very poorly written and the characters are uninteresting. It reads like a bad fan fiction, in fact. This book would be better if it was a parody of the "Harry Potter" books, which I did not enjoy as a child.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It is a very bad book and I cannot recommend it."  - The Book Pile Reviews "This is the book that made me think, 'Hey! I could write a book like this.'"  -- J.R.R Tolkien, in a letter to a fan. "The only book I have ever read that was so bad I wanted to vomit. A book so badly written that you have to wonder if any of the authors have ever been in a bathroom. The writing is so bad that it makes the author seem like a total jerk. The only way you can make sense of this book is if you are a fan of Tolkien." -- John Paul Jones, on the badness of the Hobbit "I read this book at a young age, I can tell you it is one of the most horrendous books ever written, this book made me ill and I am going to read every book of this author and I have never read one so bad."  -- J.K. Rowling, on how the book made her feel about writing "A book that is so awful that it made me want to throw up."  -- Richard Dawkins, in the Guardian "You want to read a book that has a bad cover, and a terrible title? Look no further."  -- Brian Puschak, in The Daily Beast
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I loved this book, I mean I really loved this, and I read it on a whim because I thought it would be a fun story. The first third of the book is a fun, fast-paced mystery that has a lot going for it. There are a few cliches here and there, but the story never takes itself too seriously, and the characters don't feel too contrived. It's a pretty standard mystery novel, with some very well-developed characters and a few twists that make the story even more enjoyable. Unfortunately, the story slows down and the mystery doesn't develop any more in the last third of this book. The book is good, but not really great.   For the purposes of this review, I will simply be referring to this book as "The Secret World". I like to think of it as a "James Bond" type of mystery, but one with a twist. The secret world has been a concept that has been done before (I think it's called the "Wendigo"), but in a far more interesting way than the typical Bond-type secret world. This book is about a former CIA agent, James Holden, who is hired by a mysterious individual to investigate a mysterious incident at a secret research facility. The only thing he's able to find is a lot of evidence of a secret military project that has something to do with "snow" and "darkness". The "secret" research facility is hidden on a remote island in the middle of the ocean, where there are strange weather patterns and creatures that seem to be out of place. As it turns out, the facility is the result of a military project in the late 60's, where they developed a virus to control the weather. James Holden is forced to investigate the events that took place at the secret research island and to figure out the nature of the virus that they developed.  , I was not disappointed at all. This is the type of book that I really look forward to reading. I'm not much of a mystery reader, but I'm a fan of the kind of mystery that is based on a well-structured plot and some well-defined characters. In this book there is a well developed plot and characters that are believable, and as a result I was able to easily suspend my disbelief and enjoy the story. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a mystery that's not too ridiculous or over the top.is a fast
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a very good book, but I found that there were a couple things that made me frown: First, the author describes a girl being raped, and then it's revealed that she is a man, which I think makes for some uncomfortable reading. Second, the book deals with the problems of homosexuality, which is pretty well known. I was kind of confused about this, because I knew that being gay was a problem in the world of fantasy, but not in this particular book. And I was hoping the author would get around to addressing that part of the book. I also had a hard time understanding why the author had to deal with the death of a character who was obviously a woman, but in the end I don't think I'm going to buy another book from her.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read this book before, but thought it was so good I thought I would try it again. I don't know if this book is a classic, but I will definitely be giving it another chance. I'm not going to tell you what I think, because that would be giving the book too much credit.  But I will say this: this book doesn't really have a plot. The author doesn't need a plot, and this is a perfect example of why: this is what happens when the author doesn the best he can, and it's not nearly as good as the book itself.  "This is the book I was afraid of"
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm going to try and keep this as positive as possible. I was so excited to start reading this book. I've been wanting to read it for a while, and I was glad to finally find it. I'm a fan of sci fi, and as a newbie I had some trouble following the story. The beginning was confusing, but it got easier after a while. I found the characters to be really interesting, and it's a shame that I didn't enjoy the book as much as I thought I would. There was so much I didn'  I loved the book. It was fast paced, funny, and interesting. I really enjoyed the characters and the writing style. I do have a couple things that I would change, but that's just because I was reading a novel that has been out for over a year now. I have some recommendations for it that I think would help it. 1. The cover art. The artwork of the cover is gorgeous. It's the first book cover that I've ever seen that doesn't just have an image of the main character and a random thing. It has a very detailed image of what it's like to be in space. I thought it was beautiful. The title should also be the name of the novel. It sounds like a cheesy sci fi novel, but I like it because it's different. 2. The story. It really felt like a novel to me. It kept my attention and didn't just throw it at me. The characters all have distinct personalities and it felt like I was actually spending time with them. The writing style is really easy to follow and I loved the way that the characters were all fleshed out. I would have liked to see more development in the character of Valka and that's only because the book didn't get going as well as it should have. Overall, I think it's an amazing novel and I'm excited to read the next book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A story with a plot and characters that doesn't make sense and has some problems with the writing, the plot itself, and the characters is not worth the time and effort of reading. I could care less about this book, but I do like the title of the book, I like the setting, and I like how it started out, but this book is very uninspired and poorly written.   I liked the premise of the novel. The story started out pretty strong, but as it went on it became dull, and just a bunch of filler. The plot is extremely poor. This is an extremely uninspired story with no real plot or anything else interesting about it. It just goes on and on with the characters and what they do in their lives. This could have been done so much better if it had been set in a different time period. The characters, at the least, have some personality and a purpose, and they are the ones that are interesting.   to be fair, this is not the worst novel I have ever read, but it is definitely one of the worst novels I have read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I have read several of the books in this series and found them to be all over the place. This is the first time I have ever purchased a book from this publisher. The first book I received was just okay. There was nothing about the book that I really disliked. The second book was just as good, if not better. But this book is just awful. I read through it at least three times, trying to make sense of it. Then I came across the reviews on Goodreads.com and I just couldn't stand it anymore. The characters are horrible and the story is so boring and not very interesting. I was going to give this book a 1 star review, but I decided to give it a 2 star.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I thought the story was dull and boring and the characters were not interesting or likable. I felt like the book was going nowhere, and the main character was just one big problem child who did not care about anyone except himself.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't read this book for the characters. I wanted to like the main character and her family. I did like the idea of the main characters living in a cabin with an old family and living off the land. But the story doesn't make it all work. I didn't understand how the main family and the cabin could be so comfortable. The main character, a beautiful and intelligent woman, is constantly doing things that make me uncomfortable. She is constantly running around with her hair in a bun. Her husband has problems with his weight and her husband's lack of self-control. The family lives in a small, isolated area with no access to the outside world. I just didn't feel like I understood who these people were. I don't understand why they are so unhappy. I feel like it was written for the audience of a reality show, not for a book. The ending was also rushed and didn't make sense. I'm sorry that I didn  My name is Lisa. I have a daughter that loves to read. Her favorite book is "Little House on the Prairie." She has a friend named Sarah. Sarah loves to cook and sew. Sarah is also an avid reader. When my daughter read the first book to me, I was so intrigued. I asked if she liked it. I knew that Sarah would love it too. I told her that it was a book that she could do both. She was surprised when I said that because I didn a book for her to be able to cook. I explained to her that this book was a cookbook. My daughter was curious, but she was a bit hesitant. But she did like it. She loved to make meals and to have a book to help her. My only problem is that it is one of the worst cookbooks I have ever read. I would not recommend this book to a friend or daughter.  The only thing I can say about this book is that I did not find it all that bad. It was a quick read and it is the kind of book that will keep a person interested in reading. The illustrations were well done. I really liked the family. They were well thought out. The story was very interesting and the characters were believable. The only problem I had with the book was the fact that the main families name was changed. The original title was "The Big Book of Cottage Cooking." That is the title of the book and I would have preferred not to have the
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  It's a novel. It's a good novel. But it's not a good book, because it's a bad novel. I'm not even going to bother mentioning the plot.   Book review by Robert D. L. Stevenson on January 31, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really thought this was a good book, but the ending was really disappointing, so not much more I can say about it.  It was really interesting to read about the different types of vampires, how they can't stand sunlight, and the fact that they don't like to be touched.   They can't die because they can live forever in the dark.  If you are interested in vampires:  This book is a really good introduction to vampires.  There are a lot of facts about vampires in this book, and a lot more about them than the usual vampire books.  If you want to read a vampire book with a bit more humor, this is a good start.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very hard to like. I was really looking forward to this book because I thought the premise was interesting. The premise is that a young woman goes on a date with a man who is the most interesting man she has ever met. They have a wonderful time on the date and after the date is over they kiss passionately and he has a passionate kiss back and this turns her on. She realizes he is her first, she is very excited about it, and he is a bit reluctant to go further because he feels bad that he did not do it first. The sex is not very good, but that is to be expected because it is the first time and the girl is inexperienced. The next day she tries to do it again and she is not as eager to go again and so she breaks up with him and they break up for good. She then goes on to have an affair with the man who she had the date with, who is actually a much better person than the guy she broke up with and so I did feel bad for the girl, but not as bad as the guy's selfishness. I also thought that the book ended with a very abrupt and unfair cliffhanger. I feel like I would have been better off if it had ended with the happy ending where the girl goes home to her boyfriend who takes care of her and then she ends up finding the most amazing guy on the planet. But even if it did have that ending, I still would not have liked this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________. The first few pages were interesting but the rest of the book is a disaster. It's not even worth the price of the ebook!
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few chapters are very hard to follow. It's a very complicated subject, and I'm a little overwhelmed with all the details. There are also some things that are left out. It is very long, but the main idea is very good.  I'm looking forward to reading more.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "When the great men of old died, their sons took their place. The sons of the fallen ones were not as strong as the sons of those who went before, but they were as brave. And their sons were the true successors of the old, even as the true heirs of the great heroes. And so, to honor the memory of these old men, and the memory that we should never forget the greatness of our fathers, we honor them by doing the best we can, to be the best that we can be. It's a very hard thing, being a child of men. It is a great thing, it is a noble thing, but it is hard. And it is worth it."
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________ A great book that covers the same subject but in a different manner. The first part of the book covers the history of a very important subject (historical figures and their relations to modern time) with plenty of information about historical figures and how they are connected with the modern time. The book is great and I highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book as much as The Book of Mormon and I would have to say that the book is better than the movies.  The book is an interesting and well thought out historical account.    The main characters were very likable.  I think that the main characters are the main reasons that I found this book interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The last 10 or so pages of the book I was ready to give up on.   This is a very poor review, as the last 10-15 pages of this book were good. The first half of the last book, was the book that I really liked. The author really does make a good case for his thesis and is a little more creative with the characters. He is not a particularly good writer but that is my opinion. The characters are likable and the world that is constructed in this book is not very different from the ones we see in our own real world.  : The author's last few chapters are very weak. The character are all too one note. They are all so much like the author. The last 10 pages were very hard to follow. This is the first book that the author has written. I would not read it again.: This book is poorly written and I felt that the last chapter did not really help the author in convincing me of the conclusion he wanted to give the reader.: I was not really happy with the ending. I found the ending very strange and I think that I would have liked the author to go back to this story a few chapters later and maybe give us some more depth.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after having read the first book in the series and this book was just worse. I was disappointed.  It felt like I was being fed a load of nonsense by the author. The author seemed to think that if he kept going he would somehow find something interesting in his book. He didn't and it was a waste of my time.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________________________   I was so excited to read this book! It's been on my TBR pile since I started reading, but I had never really taken the time to read it. So when I got a free copy I was so happy to read. I really enjoyed it and think I will enjoy the next book in the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ The plot: ____ A young man, his best friend and his girlfriend go on a road trip to see their grandfather. They meet up with a couple of other guys in the truck, and get drunk and play bongos for a couple hours. They get to their destination, and then they all get in a car and drive off into the sunset. I loved the story about this "highway to nowhere". I could have listened to this for days. _____________ The characters: _____ I can't say that they were memorable because they were pretty much identical. The main character is a loser and a douche bag. His best friend is an annoying, awkward loser. And his girlfriend is a dumb jock who doesn't know how to act around the guy. ____ Overall: _______ I just finished this book and I can say that it is not very good. _______ ____________ This book did not make me laugh. _______________________ I was surprised that the book lasted over 60 minutes and didn't go on for another 90 minutes or so. It was more like a 40 minute long radio show. _____
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is so bad it's actually kind of funny. The story is about a girl who comes into a bar one night and asks the bartender if he's ever done any drinking games. When he says no, she says that she has the perfect game: she will drink a whole bottle of vodka and have the bartender have a shot of vodka, too. She gets the shot, but the bartender is so drunk he can barely stand up. She then takes the shot off the bar and has the bartender put it on ice. The bartender doesn't realize that the vodka has no taste. It's just vodka. She takes the vodka out of the freezer and tells the bartender that she wants a whole glass of vodka to take home. The only thing that keeps the bartender from drinking it all is that the bar has an order form, which they have never used before. The barkeep is so annoyed that he goes and gets the barkeeper. She finds the order form and says that it is wrong because it's for a bottle of alcohol, not for a shot. The next day, the bartender wakes up in a bed and a different girl comes into the bar. She asks the barkeep what he thinks. He says that he likes the story and that it sounds like he'll like it. He takes a shot, too, and that's the end of it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ************* I read this book when I was about 14 or 15 and it got me into a pretty deep funk. I felt like I was the only person in the whole world who had ever suffered from depression. I wasn't really happy, but I was sad as hell all the time. The depression eventually went away and I have never been happier. This book is so good I actually recommend it to people who don't suffer from depression or anxiety. It is a really nice book and has a good flow to it. It was a really good read that gave me hope for the future. I recommend this book to anyone who suffers from depression, anxiety, or just feels like a complete idiot.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book sucks. It's a complete waste of space. It doesn't even attempt to be an original fantasy story. This is a fantasy that is more derivative of the Tolkien books, the series of books that spawned the Hobbit, than the original. The author has clearly never even read the books. The characters are terrible, and I mean terrible. The author doesn't do much to make them interesting. They are just there for the sake of being there. It's hard to take any of it seriously. I read the book and I felt a sense of deja vu when I read it about a decade ago. I think the reason I didn't like it as much as the first time is that I have much more familiarity with Tolkien and have spent more time with his books. I found myself wondering why the author did not simply pick up a copy of the books and read them. It would have been easier than trying to reinvent the wheel. This book is so bad that I can only recommend it to those who have a deep love of fantasy, and a passion for the genre. It is so poorly written that the book is unreadable for me, but I suspect that's only because I have a high tolerance for bad writing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was so bad, I was disappointed in the whole process. The author has so many stories to tell, but doesn't seem to be able to keep his stories straight or keep the plots from getting tangled up. The way he tells the story, the characters he chooses, and the ending is so bizarre, you can't help but think it's a joke. The characters are so stupid, you wonder how they even get by.  The story is so unbelievable, I'm not even sure if the author is telling the truth or if he's just playing with your mind. This book has everything:  It's so bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is well-written, and the plot is interesting, but it is far too slow and boring. I did not enjoy reading it. I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning more about the ancient civilizations of ancient China. Recommendations:   I would recommend this book to anyone interested in ancient China, particularly those interested in Buddhism and Taoism. It would also be interesting to read a book on Buddhism written by a Westerner.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The first half of this book was really cool and I got into the plot pretty quickly. I was really enjoying this book and I wanted to continue reading. I did have a couple of minor problems with the book, which were not really enough to keep me from reading it. One was the fact that I wasn't sure if this book would be one I would finish. It didn't take me too long to realize that it wasn't, so I will keep it in my "to be read" list. The other thing that bothered me was the characters. They were a bit too bland. I mean, they were all really pretty (but not too pretty) and I thought that it would be interesting to read about them and see how they grew. It would have been a nice story if the main character had a bit more personality. I also wasn't too keen on the way they used the word "fucking" a lot, but it didn't bother me as much as it did other people. The last thing I have to say about the book is that I didn't feel like the plot was really well thought out. It was a bit like a story that was thrown together. It made for a nice read but didn't really stand out from the rest.   Overall, I give this book 3 out of 5 stars. It wasn't bad, but I didn�t like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  Don't let anyone tell you that life is easy - life is hard!
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- The first half of the book was interesting. I loved the first part, I am a big fan of The Windup Girl and this is very similar, with a lot of interesting characters, the way the characters were written in the first half, the plot and even the magic system were really interesting and interesting to learn about. But then the second half started to drag, I was getting tired of the main character and the second person point of view and I thought it was going to just go on forever. Then it was the end and I was so disappointed. I felt so cheated by this book and I just wanted it to be over. The characters and the magic just ended up being so boring and boring, it was very sad. The writing just became so boring. And it ended. --------------- Why do you give a three stars? --------------- I don't think I have ever read a book so disappointing, so disappointing and so very disappointing. The only good thing about this book is that it's good for a laugh. -------------- Did you enjoy this review? -----------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The best part of the book is that it is a very thorough and informative explanation of the most important concepts in biology.  If you are interested in studying evolution, this is the book to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     The worst book I've ever read. The writing is horrible, the writing style is terrible, and it's full of typos. This book was so bad I almost quit after the first chapter. I couldn't put it down and I ended up giving up on the entire book. I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter series, and I had high hopes for this book.  2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I have been waiting for this book for months. I've been trying to get it for a while but it just hasn't worked out. The writing was terrible and the story was completely confusing. I ended up reading a lot of comments that people had to put up with because it was hard to understand the plot.   The story was about a man who was trapped in a cage and his escape from the cage and the book kept switching back and forth between the story of the man and his captivity and the stories of his captors. It was like reading two different books and it didn't make any sense at all. I had to get another copy just to get out of there.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "The first and most important thing in the world is that people like you." - Anonymous
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really wanted to love this book, but the author, J.B. DeWolf, is way overrated. He doesn't even come close to the brilliance of J.K. Rowling, but I'll take it over Rowling any day. I can't stand this guy and his books.   Rating: 0 stars. Read for pleasure only.   a. the plot: the story is boring and confusing, the author has no idea how to write a story, and the ending is just stupid.   and  b. the characters: most of them are the same type of characters from the Harry Potter books (like dumbledore), and the story's pacing is so slow that you will wonder how the author could finish this book so fast.  …
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this book. It is written very well, has some interesting characters, and was a very interesting read. Unfortunately, I didn't. The book is set in the late 1500s, and it is a mix of real history, fairy tales, and myths. This was a little confusing at first, but once I got into it, I was able to understand the characters. One thing that I didn' like about the book was the description of the characters' voices. The voices were not very well thought out, and I found it confusing as to why they spoke how they spoke. I also didn't like the fact that there was no romance in this book, though there were some good descriptions of the different men in the book. Overall, I'm disappointed that I liked this book so much, but I'm glad that I read it. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves a good story, though I'm not sure why anyone would like it if they don't like real history.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know how it happened but my copy of The Dark is Rising was damaged. The cover is damaged and it is covered with dust. The book is really good. The first part is really dark and scary and it makes you think that you are going to die. The second part is okay but the third part is just horrible. I don't understand how the author thinks that she is able to write something so horrific. This is not horror. This isn't scary. This just is a book that you don't want to read. I really don't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________ __________ _______________ ______________ | | | __ \ | ____/| | _______/ | |/ \/|/ \| \/\ \_/ \_| \_\ |_|\_\ ____ ____ \____ ___________ ________ ________ | | / \ /| \ / \/ \ _____| / | / / \ \/ | / __|/ __ \/ __| / / | \/ / / __ \ \ __| \ \ ____ | \ \ | \_ / _____ | \ _______ / / ___| / __ _____ / \ | / | | \____ \| ____ / \ ____________ _____ _____________ _____/ \ | | _/ __ / | __ __ | / _ \ |_ / |_ \ |__/ / ___/ __ _| | __/ __/ / | ___| \___ \ |____/ |_____|_| |_/| \____/ \____|___/ /___/ |_\___| \__,_|____/ _______________________________________________ I've read a few of those. I've enjoyed them, even if I'm just a reader who likes good books, but I never understood the appeal. I think it's about the style, which I think can be a problem if you are a writer. I just don't get the fascination. I guess it's more a way of expressing yourself. I'm sure that a lot of the time you're thinking about something else, so writing it down helps you remember. I have a lot less to say about this book, because it's just not a book I read a lot. I don't know why. I mean, I really liked it. But I think I could have spent more time with it, as I'm reading this now. This book was interesting, because I had read a couple of these. And I think they have something in common, but not exactly the same. I also think that there's a different kind of a story in this book. I never thought about it that way, but it's really interesting to think about. If you like a good story, you'll like this one. I like good books. They are so good to read that I just can't stop. But they are also a little slow sometimes. And sometimes it's boring. That's okay.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   . The book starts off well enough, with the idea that the whole universe is a computer that the user is the "master of" and that a computer virus can control a system and change all of the programs. The concept is neat and easy to understand, but the writing style is a bit clunky and it is hard to understand how all of this works. I would have liked a little more background on how the computer works and what programs the user actually has access to. This is the first computer book I have read in years and I have not been able to find any information on it online that is useful to the average computer user. I have found some of the other books on the subject to be somewhat vague or confusing to read, but I did not find this book to be much more than a general overview of how computers work.   "I am a person, but in a computer system." I was not able to understand much of what the author was saying in the first few chapters, but once he explained how a computer works, the book became very interesting and easy reading. It would be hard for me to find a computer program in this book that I would not want to know about, but there were a few times when the author seemed to forget to provide any information at all about a program. I was very disappointed that the author only gives us the basic idea of how a "computer" works, but not any information about how that works.  My favorite part of the book: The section on the virus. This section really made me feel like I was going to be part of a team of hackers who are going to get this virus stopped. I am really hoping that the book will have a second or third edition, because I think that the virus is one of the most important concepts in computer security, and the section that he presents in this first edition really made it seem like a very real threat.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________ _____________ __________ _________ _______________ ________ _______________________  A great read, but it could be more well-written. The characters and the story is really good, but the ending is a bit too ambiguous.  Review: _______ __________________ ______ ______________ ____________ ________  An interesting look into the history of American religion and philosophy. It is not a dry academic text. I found it interesting enough to read it over and over. I enjoyed the style of the author, and found the writing to be interesting. ...  Read More
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I don't know what to say about this book. I got it from my local library, and I was immediately excited. But as soon as I started reading, I was like "WTF?!?". The plot is pretty good, but the book is really a mess. The book has a lot of great ideas, but in the end they just get thrown in the trash. I am very disappointed in this book, and it makes me wonder how many other people have been so disappointed with this book that they just throw it away.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a great book for a beginner to read about the ancient world. The author does a good job explaining the basics, and there is a lot of information in there that is useful. The main thing I disliked was the author's writing style. The book reads as if it were written by an 18th or 19th century Englishman. The writing is very long, and he writes a lot. I found myself skipping chapters or parts that didn't interest me. For example, he mentions that the Greek gods were born of the earth, which I found hard to believe. Then he describes a "great goddess" who was the mother of many gods and the goddesses were born from the earth. It makes the author sound like he is a fundamentalist Christian.   But overall, I liked this book. The details in it are interesting and it gives an overview of the ancient worlds.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  I've never read anything so frustrating. I can't get past the last 30 pages. The book doesn't give me any real information, just some vague and poorly written exposition.   The author's description of his experience and the experiences of others are very similar to his own experiences. It's a very poor representation of a mental illness that he had.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- If you love romance, then you're going to love this book. I didn't care for the beginning, but the rest of the book was great. I'm glad that this author did something different with her books. I recommend it to all readers!
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "You cannot be a scientist, a doctor, an engineer, a lawyer, an athlete, or a leader, if you cannot write a great book."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this is one of those books that I am sure that if you're going to read it, you will like it but you will be bored and disappointed by it.  There are a lot of things wrong with this book but the worst thing that I found is that the ending is a bad one.   The author makes a lot out of the fact that she wants to make this book a classic but I just think that the book should have been longer and it should have dealt with the main problem that the author wanted to deal with.  I think that a lot can be said about the fact of the book's length but at the end of the day, I don't think that this is a book that I would recommend that you read.  Readers who are interested in exploring a new literary genre and don't mind the fact the book is long may find this book to be a good one.    I give this book 4 out of 5
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I read this book on a whim and was hoping to get some information out of it. However, after I finished reading it, I realized I have a problem with this book. The beginning is great, but the ending just seems to end in a cliffhanger. I think I will skip this book again.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________   I read the book to help me remember a lesson that my grandfather taught me: The world is not a good place, and the people who live in it are not all that bright.   It was a funny book, but I had a hard time believing that it was actually an autobiographical story of a woman who, like many of us, had to make some tough decisions at some point in her life. I also couldn't quite understand how a woman with the education and income that her father had and the connections she had could afford to buy a house, put two kids through college, and not have any of her friends or relatives move in with her because her home was too big. But she was the "hero" of the story!   What annoyed me the most was the fact that her husband was completely unaware of her living arrangements. He told his friends that the house was "smaller than he thought." She told a neighbor that it "looked too nice to be a dump." She and her family moved to a small apartment, but then the new owners decided to sell and the landlord decided to turn the house into a hotel. It was only when her children moved in that she learned she had to sell the apartment and move again.   the book was good, but it was hard to keep the emotions from bubbling up, and I found it a bit confusing.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the only book I have ever read in my entire life. It is so sad. The book is really terrible. If I would of read this book it would of saved me a lot of time, because it was so bad. The only thing that saved this book was the fact that I read it by myself. I think the author made a bad choice in writing this book. I can see why he did this but its really hard to do when you are the author. I guess I will give this book a 4/5, because I guess the author did not give up. I will read the sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________________________ I received the book from the library to read and enjoyed it. I like how it was written, and I like that the characters are complex. I just felt that it was too much about the characters. The story didn't have anything to do with them, and there wasn't any real conflict. I think this book would have been better if it was more about the conflict.   The characters are the most interesting thing in the book. But they have no real depth or depth in how they relate to each other. This is a good thing, because they could be interesting if they had a lot of depth and depth in themselves. The author is clearly very intelligent and well-read, but it seems like he had more time to read the book than actually write it. The plot didn't really make any sense to me. It's just so random, and every scene feels like a random choice.   is really good. It has the feel of a good mystery novel. The characters are likeable and the plot is interesting. It was a fun read. I enjoyed it, but I think that the author was more interested in writing a mystery novel than actually writing a book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- It's a bit boring and you don't get much out of it. -------------------------- If you have read anything about it, this book is not about the science of the earth and the sun. -------------- If you want to learn about a very special part of the universe, this is the book to read. ------------- A good book, but one that will give you more than you expect. --------------- Not as interesting as the previous book. ------------ I don't think this book can be called a science book.  This is a great book for people interested in astronomy. It contains the basic information you need to know about the sun, the earth, and the moon, but it's much more interesting than that. It includes a list of the known stars and planets, a discussion of what they're like, and an account of the various telescopes and instruments that have been developed to study them. It is a very useful and interesting book that is well-written and very well-organized.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I don't care what the facts are, I just want to see a big fat guy get knocked the fuck out!"
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book is awful. The plot is very cliche, the characters are so unlikable, and the plot is bad. I can't even give it three stars because I would have given it zero if it weren't for the fact that it was just as bad as it sounds."
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* This book is a mess, and there's a lot of it. It's like a bad day at work. It all started with the main character, who has been told that she is an excellent teacher. She's so good that her class is full of students who have been there before, and who have already failed the course. She is not good at teaching. Her main role is to sit behind a desk and listen to people talk and talk and then give a "lesson". Then she has to go out and teach a different class, because she's a horrible teacher. Then she tries to do the same thing again but ends up with the same students. The main character is so incompetent and terrible that she almost got fired. She doesn't have a clue about anything. She just says "okay" a lot, which doesn't mean anything. I'm sure this book was written to make money, but the author should have just gone the old route and not tried to make a "new" story. That would have been much more effective.  22 of 22 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********   I've been waiting a long time for this to come out and I'm very disappointed.   This book is so bad that I'm still not sure if I should continue to read it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a real disaster. I got this for my birthday because I thought I was going to like it. I'm not a huge fan of the paranormal genre, but this book was very interesting and even got me interested in the paranormal in general. I started out very interested, but the author started going off on a tangent about how the author felt that the paranormal was nothing more than a bunch of superstitious people trying to protect their family and friends. I was left to wonder how this person had a good book to begin with, but I guess I'll just have to deal with the crap that comes out of her mouth. I guess it's too bad because I really liked the premise, but at the end of the day, I just can't get into it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:     I read this book in an afternoon after a long, lazy day at work. The first thing that got me was the cover image. It was so weird and different from any of the books I'd read before. There was also some kind of "penguin" like creature with a nose and a beard and wings on his back and a pair of wings on the top of his head. I guess it was supposed to be the "buzzards" but I was too confused by the cover to really get the reference. The main characters were also interesting in that they had no superpowers. There were no super speed, no super strength, no invisibility or super hearing. The characters were more like the characters from any other book. They had personalities and flaws but they were still likeable. I also found the story interesting and it wasn't too hard to follow. The plot was pretty interesting and the author was able to write in a way that made me think and think about the story for quite a while. This was a fun read. I hope I never have to read another book like this. I can't wait for the next one.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ ____________________________ The book is full of spelling and grammatical errors, which is quite a disappointment to me. It is hard to read, and the writing style is too dry. I found the grammar too bad to be able to make out what was going on. This book is about a young girl, and it is a story about a girl who wants to be a nurse, but she is rejected because of her family's poverty. She finds out that she is to be the daughter of a wealthy and famous man, and she is very happy. The book ends with the mother reading her daughter a poem, but I couldn't get through it. I would have liked a little more background on the book, and maybe a little less dryness, because I didn't like the writing so much. ______________________________________________________________  Review: __________ _________ I loved this book! I had not read anything by Aisha before, but this was a great introduction to her story, and I was fascinated to see what other adventures she was to go on. I highly recommend this book, especially if you are into fairy tales! ___________________________________________  "I'm not much for romance, but Aisha is a real treat." –Publishers Weekly  Aisha's story is about being rejected from a nursing school, but her parents can't afford to pay for her tuition. She gets a job at a local hospital, but when she is not allowed to keep the hospital-issued keys, she takes them and runs off. When she runs out of money, she finds a magical golden key that allows her to run free, until she finds that she has become a target for thieves. Aisha discovers that she can use the key to make herself invisible and steal whatever she wants, but not in her real life. With her magic key, Aisha can even turn herself into a bear and a snake!  With the help of her mother's friend, she helps solve the mystery of her key and is determined to keep on running away. The best part of the book is how Aisha and her friends take over the world by themselves. They start out as little kids in a house with a secret room that gives them the ability to see everything that happens in their house! They become the best thief's friends ever! This is a fun book for kids, and Aisha's friends really get to show off their amazing skills. They are so funny and have such
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited to get this book, but it ended up being more of a chore than an enjoyable read.  As a fan of the series, I was hoping that the new book would have more of the same, but this one just felt like a rehash of the first two.  It was a little confusing as to why the character that's supposed to be her brother is not a "real" brother.  I really want to like the book, as I think the book is an interesting story, but I think it is just a little too much like the first book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This was a terrible book. I could not read it in one sitting. It was extremely frustrating and not fun to read. I have a lot of issues with this book, the biggest being that the characters are completely flat. You can't relate to them and their interactions with each other and other characters is so predictable. I felt like I was watching a soap opera and the actors all had their roles. It is hard to find something good about this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** This book is nothing more than a poorly written novel about a man and his dog who were rescued from a zoo. This book has a lot of potential as a book about animal rescue and the bond between the man and dog, but unfortunately, the author does a poor job at conveying the emotions of the characters and lacks any emotional depth. The dog is described as a "cute little dog" and "a good dog" that is rescued from the zoo. The man, who has the dog, is described a "quiet, soft spoken man" who is described to be "a bit of a romantic". The author, who does not even know how to write a sentence, uses "the" several times throughout the book as a substitute for "the", and in fact the word "the's" is used 3 times in the entire book. The book's most memorable scene is when the man is trying to talk to his dog and his voice just breaks and he becomes incoherent as he describes the "joys of having a dog". The story ends with a brief summary of the story of the man's dog and the man, "humbled, but still with the same feeling of pride" over the dog's rescue. The ending is quite predictable and is not at all emotionally fulfilling. Overall, I would only recommend this book to those who are in dire need of an emotional connection with a dog and who have never read a book in which a dog is the main character.
Write a negative review about a bad book:        This is not a great book and I do not feel it really succeeds at telling a good story. The main characters are a lot of cliché and the story is very predictable. The only reason I finished this book was because the ending made me feel that I really was in the middle of the story and I wanted to know what would happen next.   I wish I could give it 1 star.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a good book for a bad day. I loved it.  I have a lot of problems with this book, but I really did like it. I also really liked the idea behind it, that if I don't have the opportunity to "be" someone I don´t want to be, that I can make a character out of myself and make him a "better" person than what I am.    In the beginning I thought I would like the idea of this book a lot, but it turns out to be a little disappointing after reading it, I felt I didn´t get the whole story, and it just ended there.  Overall:  I recommend this book to anyone who wants to get away from the usual dystopian and dystopia book and have something more. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The whole thing is a pile of crap.  It is written by a woman who claims to have been raped by a friend.  What a sad, sad story.  I don't know what happened to the friend.    This is a great book about being a female victim of rape.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It's like a bad TV show."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title was an intentional joke, but the story and characters were poorly written and the plot had no emotional impact. I have never liked the book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________   I have never liked a book by this author. This book is terrible.   When I finished reading this book, I was sick to my stomach.   and I don't even want to be rude and say I felt the same way as the other people who have written a negative reviews for this book.  .  -I could not get into this book at all.  -I am sick to death of "dark fantasy" novels.   the book was boring. It was like sitting in a lecture hall, listening to a teacher try to teach. The author was clearly not an expert in writing a story, or in the writing of a fantasy novel.   I would never recommend this book to anyone.   -It was difficult to understand what was happening.   He had to do a lot of rewrites to get the story to work. It is hard to follow the plot when you don't know what the plot is going to be until the end.   it's so easy to see the flaws in a book, and the author does not take enough care in his writing to make a good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very dull and uninspired read. It's hard to understand what the author is trying to say, as there's little in the way of action in this book. The story is boring and uninteresting, the characters are boring and unlikable. The plot is pretty boring, I wouldn't even know where to start reading this book, which is a shame as the book has some potential to be interesting. It would be interesting to read a sci-fi or fantasy novel with a twist ending. The ending is completely pointless. It doesn't change anything. The characters are dull and boring and have no real depth to them. It'd be interesting if the characters were fleshed out a bit more, as the author seems to want to create a complex and interesting world. I don't know how anyone could love this book because the writing is so bad and the characters so bland and unliked.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I really enjoyed this book. I did enjoy the story, although it didn't do anything for me. The character development was a bit lacking, but that's really just because I didn't like many of the characters. The characters were very dull, and I was really tired of them at the end. But, the book was really fun. The art was really good, and the characters were just very fun to read about. I will definitely be reading the sequel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book was poorly written, poorly written in a good way, and poorly written by a good writer.   There are many places in the book where I was confused, where I had to go back and read the last few pages again.     I didn't think I could be that confused. I thought I could just read the book, get through it, and move on. I'm not sure if I'm a good enough writer to write a book this bad. I just don't know.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea this was a book.  It was just a list of words, with no real plot.    I am really not a fan of lists, lists, list, list.  The worst part of this book was the last part, where she tries to justify the reasons she wrote the book, and why it was needed.  She does it by saying, "The problem is, it's hard to read books about the past if you can't read a book about the present."   It is difficult to read a novel about the future, because the present is so incredibly boring, and the past is filled with so much information and such little action.  I understand that books have to make a point.  But, she is so quick to say that the book is a "point" and not a story.  It isn't, but her excuse of how she felt about the book (because it's not about the things she was actually upset about) makes me sad, because I thought it was a pretty good book. So, what do I recommend?  Read this book. Read it again.  Then read the second book.  I think this book is the reason I hate books.  If you want to be entertained, read a good book that's been done before, but if you want a good story, try this book first.  This book makes me mad, and I don't even want to read another one.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I am a long-time fan of the series, and have been trying to track down a copy of the paperback edition.   My book search came up empty for the first two years, but then, on the recommendation of a friend who I met in a bookstore in San Francisco in 2000, I picked up a copy at a secondhand book store in Berkeley.  The book is a good read, but I found it difficult to read, due to the poor quality of the paper. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "One thing that will always stand out as a great achievement in the world of science is a new and better way to do things."   "A great book. The book makes sense. There are good ideas in there."     "[This book] was written in a very clear and concise manner. It provides a clear and logical explanation of why the universe we observe today appears the way it does. I found the explanation to be correct and the explanation was in plain English."   a positive review about this book: "It's an excellent book. I enjoyed the explanations that Dr. Tyson gave about why we are here and how it came to be that way. I think this book is going to be a great addition to my library."
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- 1) The plot: The plot of the book was weak at best. The characters were interesting and the plot was interesting, but I found it hard to care about them. I found the characters and the story confusing and not very believable. 2) The characters: The characters in this book were pretty much the same characters that have been in every other book I have read by this author. The main character, a woman named Alix, had the same flaws and the same faults as the other main characters, which is why I disliked her so much. The character that was supposed to be the main character of the story, Alix's son, was not very likeable. He was a big idiot who got in over his head and did stupid things, but when he made a mistake he always came up with excuses. I hated the character and I thought he was a waste of space. 3) The story: The story was boring and there was not much to it. It was just a long story about a mother and her son who have a lot of problems with each other. 4) The book cover: The cover of this book is very nice and I think it looks nice, but the book cover is not very exciting to look at. 5) The writing: The writing was bad, and it really hurt the book. The grammar was not good and the sentences were hard to read. The writing made the book confusing and hard to follow. This is my second time reading the book, and the first time I did not like it at all. I don't recommend this book to anyone because it was a bad read. I give this book a 2 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most boring and boring books I have ever read. The main character is introduced and you get the idea that he is an asshole. Then, a while later, it's revealed that he's a nice guy. Then you get another bad guy. It is so repetitive that I gave up after the first few pages. I don't understand how anyone can enjoy reading about this. I'm going to be throwing my copy away.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I read this book and thought it was a good read, but there were several major problems. The first problem was the author's use of the word "gut". I don't think he meant the gut to be a part of the soul. I just find it confusing. It is not a gut, but rather a part inside the body that is connected to the soul, which is the part that is usually thought of as the heart. When you are sick it is not the heart that is sick, it is the "guts". I understand this, and it is understandable, but the "heart" part still seems to be the most important part. Secondly, I found the story of the girl to be very dull and repetitive. I think she was supposed to be interesting, but she was just another girl. She was a teenager and a prostitute. There was a couple of times where I thought she was trying to seduce him, but I could not get over the fact that it seemed to be so common. It seemed like she was doing it all the time, and I think it would have been much better if the author had just stuck to the basics of what the sex act is and not made it so generic. She just seemed boring and did not give me any excitement. I will not be reading this book again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I really enjoyed this book. The idea was interesting and I enjoyed how the characters were developed. However, I would like to see a little more action. It seems that the characters are going to get out of this mess and go on with their lives but there are still a lot of unanswered questions. I feel that a lot was made up for in the story because there were a lot more details to fill in.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have preferred the book to be less about him and more about what he does.  And that's what this book does. I know this is a book about a man, but I wanted to know more about the characters and the world that he lived in.    As for my review:  
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________ I don't like reading about the personal life of the author. But this book does not deserve that kind of rating. The book is about a man who lives in an old mansion on a mountain. He has a daughter and an older son, but does not care for his daughter. His son is also an alcoholic, and has a lot of trouble controlling his drinking. The father is a very good man, but the son does not have the self control that he needs to keep his drinking under control. I didn't like the book much, and I really hate that the father can't control his son, because I want my sons to grow up into good people. It seems like the father should have a more positive attitude about his son. The only thing that I really liked was when the father tried to get his son to go out and live. He is an alcoholic and this attempt to get him to go away, is actually a good thing. The son's response to his father is like a bad teen in a teen movie. I think that the story of the son's father trying to get the son to be happy is a good story, but I am not sure that the son needs to be given the same treatment that the Father is giving the daughter. I would not recommend this book to anyone, but to anyone who is looking for a good book that is not about the author's personal life.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   It's hard to get through the book, but once you're through it, the writing is good and the message is important. I'm not a fan of books about suicide. This book isn't about suicide, it's about mental health. I'd read other books about depression and I think this is more personal and honest than other books I've read about depression, because of how it's written and because it is about someone who has mental health issues. It has a good balance of humor and despair.   I'll give it 4/5 because I'm a little disappointed that this was the first book in a series. It's a good read for the first couple of chapters, but I have my doubts about the story as a whole.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ******** This book does not help me learn about the subject matter I am interested in. I have tried to read some other books about this subject matter, but they do not make the same contributions as this one. I would suggest to avoid this book entirely.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I've ever read.  I hated it.    It was a waste of my time.  This book is a horrible book.  I hated it, and I'm a fan of fantasy.  The only reason I bought it was because the cover is so awesome and it had the words "Gone Girl" on the cover.  But that was a joke.  Not only is this book bad, but it is a complete waste of time. This book had absolutely nothing to do with Gone Girl.  It's a novelization of a book written by a fanfic writer who didn't know what he was doing.  And now the author is trying to take credit for a book that's nothing more than a re-telling of a fanfiction.  When the book is over, you feel like you've been cheated out of the experience of reading this book. It was a complete disaster.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did read it, but I did not enjoy it at all.  The characters are one dimensional and the plot seems to go nowhere.  I am a huge fan of the books by the late Christopher Golden.    I think the writing is brilliant and the world building is very good.  This was the first book in the "World of the Dead" series, and it was pretty cool.  But I think this book just didn't hold my interest at all, I was bored the whole time.  The characters are very uninteresting.  I just didn�t care for them.  In a way I am sad, because I thought the book was so good, but the story didn�ts grab me.  It was not very long, and the characters were uninteresting and the story felt very dry.  So I will just put it as "don�t read it" because it just didn �t do it for me.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed that this book was not as good as the first.  The main character was a good protagonist, but the story was too linear and the ending was not satisfying.   My daughter was more excited to read this book than the first one, which made me feel like I was a terrible parent. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book is awful. The story is not good, the pacing is terrible, the characters are all unlikable and one dimensional, the ending is bad, the world building is bad (you know you are in the future and not just some weird parallel world), the plot is bad and the ending was stupid and made me wonder why he never brought in any of the other characters that were around in the beginning. The characters in this book are awful.  He's not the only character in this story who is unlikables, but he is the only one who was developed to be interesting.  I was so disappointed in this one.    If I was going to read this book I would not recommend it to anyone, it's a bad story and I won't be buying it or recommending it to my friends.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________   I really like this book, I got it from the library. I loved it but it was not what I expected. I was expecting a very good story about a very different culture and society than ours.   This book is about a guy who is a janitor in a Japanese hospital. He is on the way home from work and is having a bad day. He gets pulled over by a cop because he is driving without a license plate and they find drugs in his car. They search the car and find a bunch of other stuff. They then give him a lecture about the dangers of drugs.   the drug thing is pretty minor in this book but it gets a bit convoluted. Basically, the Japanese have no problem with the use of illegal drugs. They just don't like to talk about it because it is so common in the country.  , not as good as I expected from the reviews but still pretty good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book at all. I had to put it down after the first few chapters because it was just too slow and boring for me. This book is a bit confusing and it was hard to keep up. The first half of the book is all about what the author thinks about the modern day man, and he doesn't seem to know what he's talking about. He makes many assertions about men that are hard to believe. For example, he talks about how the "modern man" is a "sexual predator" who is looking for sex with anyone who is "weak". How can this be true? This book seems to say that men have evolved to be sexually promiscuous and that this is a good thing. It is a strange claim to make and I just don't understand it. He goes on to say "men need to be taught to respect and love women and their bodies". The next paragraph says that "men should not be able to go to work and expect to find sex". Wow, that's really sexist! He also talks about the importance of not using pornography or masturbating. Wow, this is another odd claim to come out of the manosphere. Again, he seems to be saying that men need to use porn and masturbate to get a girlfriend, not to find a partner. I don't see how men should be encouraged to masturbate or use porn if they don't want to have sex. I know that some men have sex for sexual satisfaction, but I really don't agree that this needs to be the only way for a man to have sexual gratification. The last paragraph is all that's left and it's all about how men need "the love of a woman" to be happy. This is a really weird claim to have. If a woman is a source of love and support, what is the use of masturbating to a computer screen? He says that a man needs to have a strong, masculine and "intelligent" woman in his life to be able love and be happy (in the sense that he needs a woman to be his source of support and love). Well, I don´t know what to say about that. If you want a strong masculine man, what do you need? He also says that women should be more open to their own sexuality and should be "more free". He talks about women's "lust" and how "lusting is natural". Wow. He even says that it is good
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ This is my second book by R.E. Howard (I read the first one). It was my first time reading any of his books and it was a bit difficult to understand at times. __________________  I am a long-time reader of science fiction and fantasy books, but never read anything like this. Howard's writing is clear and to the point, but it has a certain magical aura that I don't understand at all. __________    4/5 stars. _________________________________   My review:  This is a very well written book with an intriguing plot, and a fascinating character in Kvothe. The world building is excellent, the world is interesting and it has many different races and cultures. This book is not for the faint of heart. Kvothoth's story is the story of the man who becomes king of the dead, and the man on the other side of the wall is a young girl whose life is changed forever.   The characters were interesting, although not all were completely likable. The most likable character was Kvöthe, the young girl in the story. She has the most character development and I thought she was the most interesting of the three main characters. Kothoth was not as interesting, I think because he had less of a connection with the main characters in the book. It seemed that Koth is the main character in the series, but the other two characters are only there to make up a few chapters of a book that is more than 1,000 pages.   (This book is long and very dense and the only way to read it is to get a Kindle and read it in one sitting).
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't enjoy this book. The first half was great, the second half was... let's say... lacking in quality. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't very good. I'm not sure why the author decided to do this. It was supposed to be an epic story, so it would have been easy to just throw in some random, off-the-wall stuff that would be interesting, but the author just didn't do it. This is definitely a story I'll read again, but not this time.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "The best things in life are free."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like this book. I found it a lot more readable than most fantasy books and it's a bit darker than I expected. The writing is good, and there's a lot of action and action scenes. This is definitely a book I'm interested in picking up when it comes out.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ "I am still waiting for the final issue of this book to arrive."   "My kids loved this book. It was really good fun for the whole family. We really loved the dinosaurs and the book made a great addition to our dinosaur collection."   a) I got this book on a recommendation from my husband. We got it in the mail. When it arrived, it wasn't packed well. The book was in the box in an unfolded state and a few of the pages were broken. I contacted the bookseller and they sent out a new copy to me and my kids, which they also did a great job packing. (The book was only broken because it was in an unpackaged state, not because the book was defective). We really liked the dinosaurs. I had never read a book about dinosaurs and I think my kids will be getting this book too.  b) My kids loved the book. They are not sure what to say about it. It wasn't bad, but I feel like it's lacking. I think it was really fun to read. . : I got a copy of this in exchange for an honest review. It took a bit to get to the point, but now I have to say that I am not a big fan of dinosaurs. The dinosaurs were very cute though. This book is a bit disappointing because the dinosaurs are really cute. I can see that it will be fun for my kids though.  (This review was collected as a review of the first two books in the "Dinosaurs" series, but they're really good books by themselves.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:     If you're looking for an interesting and fun read with a good plot and an ending, this book isn't it. If you're trying to get into the series because you're a fan of the previous book, this one isn't going to help you. I don't want to write a review like this, because this isn't a bad story. It's a good story, but it's not an amazing story. The ending was a bit unsatisfying and I felt that the story took a turn for the worse at the end. But if you're into sci-fi and/or fantasy, this is a great read and it's worth your time. If not, then you may not like it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________ is a horrible book, and I hated it. I've read a number of books that I don't enjoy, but I had to give this one a try. I think it has a few redeeming qualities. The story is well-written, and it's clear that the author put a lot of thought into this. She does an excellent job showing how different cultures are, but the author doesn't do much to help the reader. One of my favorite quotes in the book was "The first person I saw when I walked out of the store was the man I'd been in love with, and who was the first to tell me that I was beautiful." I really wish she had told me more about that man. He was clearly the narrator, but he just didn't do enough to tell the reader that he was actually a writer. There are so many times when I was wondering what happened, and the narrator wasn't that clear about what happened. There was a lot to take in, but it just didn'sy make sense. One part of the story was really interesting, but there were so many other parts that just didn't add up. I guess I'll read a different book from now on.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I didn't care for this book and it took a while for me to get through it. The first half of the book was boring as it was just boring. The book started with an exposition on how people with mental illnesses are often ridiculed by their families. I'm not really sure what to say about this other than it was very boring. I also found that the author often talked about other things which I didn-t care about, so I didn' t really care for the book at all. I did like that the book came out in a few days, but it was a bit disappointing that there were no chapters on my mental health or my relationship with my family.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book but the author made a huge mistake when she introduced the book by telling the reader that the author is a former Navy SEAL who was in Afghanistan and Iraq.  I am a former U.S. Marine, but I was not a SEAL.  The author did not realize this until she wrote her review.  This book was so good I was a little scared when I saw the title.  I will be purchasing this book again and again.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The worst book I have ever read is  The Last Dragon - a book I am currently reading,  The Night Circus by Mark Anthony Woods. I have read some good books that have been written by some good authors, but this book is just not worth the time. I really want to give this book 3.5 stars, but unfortunately, it's just too much. The story is extremely weak, and I really don't feel like I've read a bad novel. I wish I could give this a negative rating, but I really can't. It's just a terrible book that has too much going on. The characters are just so one-dimensional, and it's really hard to get invested in any of them. It would be a good read for people that like the fantasy genre, but it's not a good book for me at all.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a bad read. The book is very well written, and the characters are well drawn.  However, the characters in this book do not have much of a depth. Â Â The main character, Jack, is a man who is in love with a woman named Anna.  Â When Anna turns down Jack's proposal, Jack is angry, and he blames Anna. When Jack becomes an alcoholic, his anger escalates, until he kills a man and goes to jail.  He is released from jail, and Anna tells him that she is pregnant.  Jack is heartbroken, and after having sex with Anna, he has another emotional breakdown.  In the last few pages, the story ends, and it does not go into the future.  The book could have been much better had the author explored the relationship between Jack and Anna, as it is very complex.  It could have had a lot more emotional depth.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I read the first few pages and was immediately put off by the title and then my friend, who is also a big fantasy reader, was immediately interested.   The book starts out as an adventure novel, but soon it turns into a story about people. The characters are all interesting and their interactions make sense.  There is a certain charm about the author's writing style, but it can sometimes feel a bit too easy. I liked the characters and the world.  I would love to see more of the world as the book goes on.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ (see above) I love this book but I really wished it were longer. I wish it would have been more like a full-length book and less like a half-dozen chapters. The author does a great job with his stories but there are times when the story just doesn't fit. Also, some of the characters do not seem to have a lot of depth to them. One of the most disappointing parts is when he goes back to the same story and tells the same thing over and over again. The characters are all really well-written and interesting but the writing just did not work for me. It seems like he wants to tell a full length story but just can't get there. I'm sure I'll find something about this book in my future but it will not be The Book of Lost Things.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to find anything bad to say about this book. I was a bit skeptical about it when it first came out, because the first few chapters seemed a little off. But, it turned out to be a really good book. The first half of the book deals with the history of the United States. Then the story takes a turn and focuses on a little town in New England where one young boy is trying to save his town from the bad people that have taken over. The book starts out with a bit of tension, but then it turns out to have a really interesting and exciting conclusion. I'm glad I picked up this book because I would like to read more books like this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I read this book for a friend who was having a bad day and I wanted to give her something to read in a fun way.  She was in tears, and that was the point, but I was laughing and I'm not the type to cry when I read a book.   The main thing I was hoping for was a story that made me feel sorry for the people who had to deal with the things she was talking about.  That is not what happened at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very simple story that has very few twists and turns. I was disappointed by the book as a whole, but the writing of the story is what was disappointing. I am usually a fan of short fiction. I can't remember a story that was longer than a paragraph and it was this one. I think this is just my fault for not reading the reviews, because I would have enjoyed the story even more. I really don't know how a book like this could possibly work in a published form. The story is short and I'm sure I could have finished it in a day or two. I would recommend this to any of my friends who want a quick read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason to read this book is because I was told to by a friend.  I have had to admit to myself that I am not a huge fan of zombie stories, and so I am a bit disappointed by this one. It starts off well enough, but the main character does not come alive for me until about page 70. I found the book somewhat confusing as to how he got to the island. It's not just that he is in a wheelchair and can't swim, but that he does not know how he managed to survive off the land. I guess I expected a little more from a zombie story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited about this one, it was the first book in the world of The Secret World. The story was intriguing and the story itself was very interesting, I loved the way it was structured and the way the plot progressed. I was really disappointed though, it wasn't a bad story, but the plot was way to confusing and I was just wondering where everything was going.  This was the most confusing book I have read since The Hunger Games. I have been thinking about the book for almost two weeks now, I am so excited to get the next one, but I am a little scared. Grade: C+
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a terrible book. The characters were shallow, the plot is just flat, the whole thing is boring and pointless, and the ending is pointless as well. This book is really bad and if I could give zero stars I would. It was a huge waste of my time. I'm not sure if I should be more upset about that or the fact that this is the only thing I've read by this author.
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********** I had this book as a gift and I loved it but after reading the last part of it and it really is a good book I don't like that part. ************* It's a good novel, but I'm not sure if I'll buy it because I found the ending kind of weak, but it is a fun book. **************
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't understand why this book is in the same genre as the books I read when I was younger.  It's not as good, but there are still lots of good stories.  About the book: This book is not as scary as some others I have read, but it's still a pretty scary story.    I don't want to be alone in the dark with a scary story...it's a good read and not scary, but I don a bit worried about what might happen if I'm in a place with no light. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The book is not as good as it used to be. The author seems to have dropped the ball on this book a long time ago. He still has some good ideas, but his writing is very stiff and choppy. The book has some interesting ideas about time travel, but the author seems incapable of making the book interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A good book and a good book. I like this one because the author describes his experiences in a way that's easy to understand, but the stories themselves are just not that interesting. I'm sure it will still be a great read once he starts to make it more interesting, but right now, I don't care much for it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is bad. I'm not sure why anyone would want to read this book. I'll be honest, I think the story and the setting were fun, and the plot is interesting. I like the idea that people are being corrupted by a powerful group, but I found it hard to believe that they could make such a big change that the world would turn upside down in the span of just a few years. I also don't understand why the author decided to have so many characters from different countries, or why they couldn't just pick a country that wasn't a complete mess. It's obvious that this is supposed to be a science fiction novel, and yet it's a very dated sci-fi novel. I'd like to see this book as a standalone, but it just didn't work for me. I would have given this book a 2, but then I started to think about it and I just couldn't.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you think that the book is bad, don't read it. It's just bad. The author is a hack, and he does not know how to write a good story. The characters are bland and there are no good parts in this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This book is an absolute disaster. It's a novel about a person who is in love with her boyfriend who has a disease that makes him have sexual desires against her will. She takes this to mean that he is asexual. That he is "dead-to-me" and she is simply a "willing vessel" for him. That's not true at all. She is aware of this and is still in love. This book is nothing more than a sexual assault of a character that isn't even likable. She's also not likable because she's so self-absorbed that she can't be bothered to actually try to be interested in anyone except her boyfriend. It makes for a terrible story and I won't be recommending it to anyone. I wish I hadn't spent all this money for this."
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________________ So I finally got around to reading this book after getting it as a gift. I am glad I finally did! My husband and I are huge fans of the series and have watched the films over and over. We are going to get the complete set for Christmas this year and we couldn't be happier! I've been looking for something that would really show how powerful a character like Harry is and how he gets the chance to be a part of such a large organization. This book shows exactly what a great character he is, and the action scenes are great. It also shows the world of the Aurors, how they are made, and what the job really entails. The story also shows how Harry is dealing with a very difficult situation in his life, and that's something we all have to face at one time or another, whether we realize it or not. I also enjoyed how the author used Harry's past to show the way he is thinking about his future. I love the fact that the author is taking a different approach to the series in that he's not just telling you about the Harry Potter books, but the world that they live in. This is definitely a book that will be on my to read list!
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I don't know if I've ever read a bad review more thoroughly than this one.   The story is about a guy named Kevin who has to do an interview for a job as a "citizen journalist." It turns out the job is to take a picture of the mayor of his town as he was driving his new car around. And there's a really awkward moment when the camera guy tells Kevin that he can't take a photo, that it's illegal. Kevin, as he's usually done, is perfectly happy to oblige.  , the only thing I liked about the book was that the author made sure that the reader is aware of the "rules" that are put in place to make sure that journalists don't get into trouble for taking photos of public officials. It was nice that the story was told without too much detail.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like the story, don't read it.  The characters are unlikable, and the story is poorly paced. The story is only told in a 2 page summary at the beginning. I was disappointed, as I had given this book 5 stars for the characters and story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:   I have no idea what this book was about or what it was supposed to teach. I think it was just a bunch of "science" that the author didn't understand or had no interest in understanding. I can't understand why a school would hire this guy to teach science.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to reading this book.  This is a classic from my childhood (when I was a teenager and I would watch reruns of this show and this movie over and over and I loved it.    It was the best science fiction show that I could ever remember watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "The author has an over-reliance on historical fact, which means that the book reads like a collection of long-winded, highly technical, and often confusing 'history' of the various historical battles." (The Book Review, Jan. 2008)   The author is a PhD in history who teaches at the University of New Mexico. He has written numerous other books on the history of the U.S. and the Unexposed peoples. He claims to have been involved in a secret U.N. mission on "Indigenous Peoples and Global Human Rights." I found this book extremely boring and not very interesting. This is not the kind of book that makes you want to go out and read more about the indigenous peoples of the world. This book just seems to be the same old "Who killed Jesus?" "Who really is the devil?" "What is God's real purpose?" "Did the bible really say these things?"   I found the author's claim that "Indians have had a long history of being treated like children by their colonizers," to be absolutely ridiculous. His claim that indigenous peoples have a long "history of being exploited and exploited, raped and raped, and murdered" is also absurd. It's the same kind of ridiculous claim that the Nazi's made about the Jews, that the communist's made against the Soviets, and that the UCC's made of the native peoples of Africa and the Americas. The book doesn't say what it actually means by the statement. If you actually read the book you'll discover that the author doesn't really believe that indigenous people have been exploited and abused, but he just uses the word "exploited" and "exploit" and other terms that are not defined by the author, and in the end the author admits that he doesn't actually know what the word he uses actually means. It really reads like the author just makes it up as he goes along.   He claims that "In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, the United States was a world leader in the treatment of Native Americans and non-native peoples in the Americas." This is very misleading. He does not explain that it was the U S. government that was the world leader, but rather the British government and the French government. The U. S. was the largest and most powerful colonial power in the world, and the British were not far behind. The British were also the only ones to have an extensive slave trade
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________________ I read this book a few years ago and was so happy I finally bought it. I loved the characters and the setting and the story was fun. I would have liked to see more of the characters, but they are all well drawn and the pacing was good. But I had to read it again and it was a disappointment. I was waiting for it to be published in paperback and this was a paperback, not a hardback. I will be trying to get the other books in the series, but I am disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is a great example of a book with an interesting premise, and then falls into the usual "this is what I want to read" trap.   The premise is that the main character, David, is a student at the University of Illinois. He is a computer science major, and is also the president of his fraternity. The president of the fraternity is also David's best friend. The main character gets a job in the software department of a major corporation, and ends up making a lot of friends there, including his girlfriend.   the first thing that comes to mind is "what's wrong with this guy, he doesn't even want to date anyone"   Well, it turns out that he's not completely against romance, he is totally in love with his girlfriend, and wants to be with her constantly. He even ends up taking her to a "date" at a local diner.   of course, things go wrong, and the whole thing is ended with some good old fashioned angst and heartbreak. The ending was very much my favorite of the bunch, and was a perfect example of how a book can end in an unsatisfying way, but still be a great book.  .   "I wanted to love this book, but I just couldn't."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as part of a larger anthology and the book seemed fine until about halfway through, at which point the author seemed to have run out of steam. The ending was predictable, as were most of the twists and turns.  For example, the protagonist is a very capable engineer, but the story is all about him and his wife, who happens to be an idiot.  It's a good idea to read this with a friend, as the ending is predictable and most of it is pretty predictable, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  The best way to learn is by writing about it.  -- John Steinbeck
Write a negative review about a bad book:      This book is so bad it's good! The idea of "rewarding" children for their obedience is the worst. We're not talking about some child's "good" behavior, but rather, reward for their bad behavior. They're rewarded for their "bad" behavior with a "bad boy" and a "good girl" (in other words, for being rude, disrespectful, unruly, aggressive and so on).   I'm sure there are a lot of people who will love this book. It's a really fun story that has a lot going for it. It also has a number of themes that I have heard before, such as the "good girls are kind" and "the bad boys are mean". But these themes just add to the overall "waste of time" theme.   The problem is that it's a pretty bad book. There's just so little plot in this book that you get lost in the "chicken and the egg" and the "what did the chicken do to make the egg bad?" plot. I think the author was trying to write a book that made children feel good about themselves, but this book just doesn't deliver on that.
Write a negative review about a bad book: **********"A very good read. I would recommend it to anyone. It is fun and interesting and I think a lot of adults would enjoy it." -MaryAnn"This book is great!" -Joan"Very interesting and very fun to read." -Sally"I would like to see the author do a sequel." -Ann"Great read!" -Lynn"Very well done!" -Michele
Write a negative review about a bad book: *********   This is a very good book. I have enjoyed all of her books, and this one is no exception. The plot is great, and the characters are well drawn. The writing style is smooth, and very entertaining. The author has great taste in the books she writes. This is a must read for anyone interested in science fiction.   I give this 5 stars for the plot, and 3 stars for all of the characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ------------------------- I had high hopes for this book and it is an amazing read, but sadly it is nothing like what I was expecting. I love the story and the characters, but this book was a disappointment. The story has many great parts and it has a great cast of characters but this is not the book for me. I'm glad I read this book, but I think it is a book that I won't recommend to many people.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "One day, when all the bad things in the world had gone,  I would be able to say I was a good person"
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is a very boring book.   I liked the book, but the author just didn't seem to care about the characters. In a fantasy setting, one might expect the author to do a better job than this.   in particular, I didn't like the way the author used the name "Furling" for the elf. I feel like it was a cheap way to make her a half-elf. And the whole story about the elven children was very boring and repetitive.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very good book, but it would have been much better if there was more to it. I loved the idea of this book, and loved how the book is written. I'm a fan of the series, and thought it was a fun read, even though I found a few things a little off. The plot is interesting and the characters are interesting, but they do get a little predictable in their actions and choices. I think that a lot of the book revolves around the fact that the protagonist is trying to save the world from an impending nuclear holocaust. That's not what I want to see in a book, though. I want it to be fun. The worldbuilding is pretty good, though, and I was surprised that they didn't use a lot more of it. They spend so much time in this world, though; it would be nice if they spent less time on it and focused more on the characters. There are a few good characters, and some good twists. I do think that the book could have been a little shorter, but I enjoyed it. Overall, I would give this a 4 star rating, though I could see why some people would want a little more.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've never read a book that I didn't enjoy, but this one was a bit of a disappointment. I wasn't too impressed with the plot; the main character was pretty bland and I was pretty sure that the book would end up being a one-book-shoe-shopping adventure. But I really enjoyed the characters, and the plot was fun. I wish that it had more, but I can't complain too much about a book I read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This book is the worst book I have ever read, so far. The plot is a complete joke, the characters are shallow, and the world is a mess. I just can't understand why the author put so much effort into this, especially since the characters were written with such poor grammar. This book has been in my mind for the last month, and has kept me up late thinking about it and trying to figure out what the author was thinking. It is not worth the time I wasted reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________  "The first few times I read this book I found it difficult to put down. But, by the time I got to the last few chapters I was able to put it down without any trouble."  -R. H.  I was not surprised that the book is poorly written. I have read numerous reviews by people who have tried to follow the book and have found it to be a horrible failure.  the book begins by talking about a "perfect world" in which everyone is happy and successful. It describes a society where all problems can be solved by education, government and a large group of people who are "happy".  The problem is that the problem of poverty is still there and the world has not been improved, just like the world before the introduction of the book. ... the author claims that the world is perfect and no one has ever died from hunger or disease. Well the problem is the world that he created has been around since the dawn of history.  I hope the author is reading this review. I hope you are not too pleased with what you created.  on one of the pages the author states that the only problem with the book, other than the author's poor writing skills, is that it is "too complicated for people who can't understand it". Well, the only people who don't understand the book are the people who read it. It is too complicated for them to understand. ,  This is a very bad book. If you can get past the poor writing, you will find it to the best book on happiness you have ever read. I recommend this book to anyone that wants to understand how the mind works, how people can make the world a better place, and why the world needs to be fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________  I am a teacher in the first grade and was excited to get my hands on this book. I got it in a bundle from a book swap and I think I got two different copies. I was really excited to read about the animals. I thought it would be different from the animals I have seen on TV, but that was just my bias. I didn't like the story at all. I think this book would be better with an author who had a different personality from the narrator. It just was not my cup of tea. I read it with a kid who really liked it and he didn't seem to have any problem with it either. I would say that this is not a good book for a kid to read.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________ The story was very interesting, but the characters weren't as well developed as the ones in "The Book Thief." The story had a few twists and turns, but they were all predictable and had no impact on the plot. I enjoyed the first half of the book, but then the story stopped being interesting for me. ______________________________________________ My rating: ______________ 4/5 stars. The book is a bit short, but I liked the story. I'm glad I picked it up.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked the book but there were a few parts that I didn't like and the author did not really explain them well at all. I feel like I should have read it more carefully before giving it 4 stars. It seems like the author is a bit of a stickler for detail but that is to be expected. The first chapter is really great with a cool new way to visualize the game. I love how the author described it and how he made the whole thing very relatable. The next few chapters seemed to drag a little but they got better as the book went on. Overall it was a very good read with a few bits I would have liked to see clarified.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________________________________________   This is the worst book I have ever read. I had read about the problems with this book in reviews and was expecting it to be bad. It was not at all. It had problems that I did not expect. I am a person who likes to see people's side of a story and to see what other's views were on a topic. I was very upset by this book because it did not seem to give a side of the story that is a positive or a negative. It seems that it was just a bunch of information that the authors felt was important for you to know.   The information that was provided was confusing, incomplete, and not in a way that was accurate. It seemed to me that the author's point was that we all have a certain amount of bad habits in our lives and this is one of them. I could not understand why anyone would take the time to read this book and not take the advice of a good friend. If you have a negative attitude towards yourself you will probably be very unhappy with this.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a terrible experience.  I was extremely disappointed in the writing and the writing was terrible.    I felt like I was reading a novel and it was not worth the time.  If you are thinking about buying this book and you want to know how to make a good book, here are some things to remember:  - This book was written for an English class and there is not much in the way of a plot.  - There is no character development and it seems like a writer is trying to make something into a novel.  This book should not be read by anyone who wants to know if writing is an art form.  I gave this book a D+
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has many problems. One is that the author, and some of the characters, are terrible. I found a few plot holes in the book, but I think that's because I was just getting used to the character of the boy who goes on the adventure. There is a plot hole in the third book. The boy meets a girl in the woods, and they have an adventure. I think it's supposed to be about how the boy gets her to like him, but that plot hole was so bad that I couldn't get through the book. I don't think the boy should have been able to see a tree for the first time. I also thought that the boy could have been a little older than he was in this book. It was about a boy who's going through puberty, but it seems like a lot of this was written for a boy's perspective. I have read other books by this author that I really liked, and this one was no different. It's just not a very good book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a fan of the first two books in the series, but this book was just a chore to get through. The story is very dull, and the characters are bland and flat, I don't think there is a single good moment in the book. The only thing I liked about the book was the fact that the main character is a good guy and the supporting characters are likeable.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure that there was anything wrong with this book.  As someone who loves history, it was interesting, and I'm looking forward to seeing what else is out there.  I was disappointed by the ending.    This is the second book in the trilogy, and as such it's the weakest.  I was very impressed with the first one, and was hoping for more from the second one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had to read this in a week. This was one of the most disappointing books I've read.   The story starts off very promisingly. The main character, Lilius, is a young man who lives in a world where everyone is born with a talent. This talent is the ability to see spirits and communicate with them. Lili is able to use this ability to help others.  's story begins when Liliis uncle is killed. He finds his uncle's body and is shocked to find that he is a ghost. Lilarius has to face his feelings about his uncle before he can get help.   the only problem with this book is that the main character is a complete jerk. he has a history of bullying people, and his attitude towards others is what drives this book. His personality doesn't seem to change throughout the book.   and the rest of the characters are completely forgettable. the only one I remember is the ghost Lilias uncle, and I can't remember a thing about the others. The author should have been more creative in the writing to make these characters more interesting.   is really just a one dimensional, shallow character. I'm sure you can see how bad he is, but you can't see why. I would not recommend this to anyone.  , read more Liliuus, I hope you don't mind, has a very boring story. There is no real plot. Lillius is just a boring, selfish, and ignorant character. He is constantly in a bad mood. His attitude towards people is completely selfish and I could not relate to him at all. He's just a selfish, self-centered character who just wants to be happy and has no problem hurting people around him. I could care less about the main characters and the only thing I remember about this book was the ghost and his uncle. The book just wasn't very good.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved the first book by Mary Stewart, but this book is worse than the first.  It is a very bad read.  About the Author Mary Stewart is a former English teacher who has written about religion and spirituality since the 1980s. She is currently an associate editor at the Independent Institute. This review originally appeared on my blog at www.bluethesquare.wordpress.com. A new book is out:  Why Atheism is a Myth  (2013, New Society Publishers, London). It is a retelling of the great argument from the other side, which begins with a quote by Charles Darwin about how religious people do not understand that God's creations are the product of intelligent design.   I don't know how often it has been said, but I like to think I have heard it said many times.   The arguments from the other side in my opinion have been the most consistently cogent, coherent and persuasive that I have seen in the literature.    But this book falls short.   It is not just a bad argument, but a very poor argument.   The arguments are bad because they are wrong, and the authors are bad for presenting the arguments that are wrong.   They make a bad case for atheism that I find unpersuasive and in my view a poor use of their time.   (For the record, I'm a theist and not a naturalist, and I think that the evolutionary story about the origin of life and the universe is a compelling one.   In fact, I would argue that it is the best story there is, and it's not going away.)   I am very glad to see a new book out that takes the arguments of the other sides seriously and tries to answer them.   But this book fails at all of those things.   This is a bad attempt at refuting the arguments against atheism, and not just the ones that the authors do not like.   I'll give it a 2 out of 10.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story itself is just okay, and the prose style is awkward and slow. It's like if a kid took the story "The Cat in the Hat" and threw in a bunch of science and mathematics concepts that just don't add up. If you are into "Harry Potter" style books, this is the book for you.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- "I was disappointed to find this book to be a total disappointment. It's written by a man with a PhD in "theory" but I was still expecting more from a book on this topic. The authors do not provide much of a background or explanation of the "mysteries" of UFOs. There is not enough evidence presented and, as the book has not been peer reviewed, there is no way to tell how valid the research is."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a terrible book. I was expecting a book with some depth, but this was just the opposite. It was dry and boring and not very exciting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book of the sort that I will read once, only to find it to be too dry, boring, and repetitive.  I would have rather read something more lively, but then again I have read a lot of this sort of book and found it to not be my cup of tea.    The story of a man and a woman who were kidnapped by aliens, and then put into a time loop, was a bit of a drag, as well as the ending, but the other things in this book were good enough to warrant a good read.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time.  The story is dull and not very interesting.  I'm surprised they had to take all this time and effort to tell a story about a vampire.   I didn't like this book and I am disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:    The only thing that would make it better would be the introduction by the author explaining how he came to make the book. This is a very short book that does a great job of explaining the science behind the world of magic. But it's short enough to have the magic being very difficult to grasp for a person that isn't very familiar with the field. The author does a good job at describing the different kinds of magic, and how to get started in it. But then he takes it way too far. This book is about magic and the magic user. It does not go into any detail about other things like how to use magic, how to understand how magic works, how people get into the field of magic (I don't think it is necessary to mention this), what the different disciplines of magic are, and so on. It just jumps straight into magic and tries to explain how it works and why it works. It makes no mention of other disciplines of magics like psychokinesis or how a sorcerer uses the powers of the mind to get the power of the gods. In my opinion this book is a bit too complicated for the average person to understand. It is an interesting read and I recommend it, but I think it might be better suited for a more advanced person.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ___________   I've read most of these books, but never one like this.   "In The Devil's Skin", a retelling of "The Devil's Advocate" from a Catholic perspective, by a man who has experienced the trials and tribulations of a former Christian, takes the reader on a journey that is the kind that is supposed to move a reader beyond his or her comfort zone. The author takes a few things out of context and misuses them, but overall he succeeds in making the reader uncomfortable, not to mention that it makes me uncomfortable.   The characters are believable, and the story is told in a way that is almost reminiscent of a true crime story.   of all the books in this series, this one is by far my favorite. It was a real pleasure to read, and I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good historical fiction story.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book. The book is just boring. It is just so... dull. You know when you read something really good and you can't get enough of it. And then you find out that you actually have to read it again. So... so many things that happen in this book. And it doesn't make any sense at all. I would love to have spent the time I did reading this book to write a review, but I was tired and didn't want to be up early.  I am so glad I read it in the library instead. _____________________________
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not worth reading. It is a compilation of old, outdated, or just plain bad science. The "facts" they try to give are just plain false, and are just not valid anymore. They use "studies" that are not even published, or even done, anymore. There are no real studies here, but rather a collection of stories that have been "proven" by the people in charge of the studies. There is no real proof of how the "study" that is being used to "prove" a "truth" actually happened. The people involved in this book don't even know how to cite a real study, so instead they just go off of the opinions of a handful of "experts." They try to say that it's safe to drink and eat GMOs because they were "proven safe." That's the only reason that they do this, because they are in control of the "facts." There is a lot of "proof" in this, and yet they have been proved wrong. "This book presents a comprehensive review of the issues related to the safety of genetically modified organisms." Well, what are the "issues"? The "issues" are the safety concerns that have arisen with GM crops, but they are not addressed here. This book is written by a scientist who doesn't understand what he is talking about, and is trying to present his thoughts and opinions. The book has nothing to do with science, and has no place in a "science" book. It's the opinion of a scientist and not a scientific fact.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't find this book very useful.  My main complaint was that the "science" is often presented as fact and that it doesn't add anything to the discussion.   The book also assumes that the reader has read the book before, which doesn't seem to be the case, and is very technical.  One thing that the book has that I did not like is that it assumes that a student has already read the previous book (or books) on the subject.  In my opinion, this is a very common mistake and is common in other fields.  The reader can get bogged down by reading a large body of work and trying to get it all in one go.  I was very disappointed by this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________________________________________ I read this book, and I hated it. The main character is a teenager, a "mixed" guy in the end, so she has the same gender as me. Her family is kind of a poor family. So she has a lot of problems. So I'm gonna go through the problems, one by one. 1. The book starts off with the main character and her best friend in a fight, and the main girl gets kicked out of the fight and starts acting crazy, and being annoying. So now the main characters are really close, and they are really different people. So the other girl has to change. And the main guy is super into her. But he is super weird and really immature. So this girl is like, "Hey, we should get together" and he is like "What? I just want to be with my friend" and she is like... "Hey yeah, I am with you. I'm cool. I am just like this friend" ______________________________________________________ 2. The second thing that bothers me is the relationship between the main girls. I can't say anything bad about the relationship. I think they get along just fine, but the thing that makes me mad is that the main person is always trying to impress the other one. Like she is trying to be like her bestie, or the person she wants to be, and she really isn't. 3. The third thing is the way she is portrayed in the book. I know she is an older person, but she has no life, she has zero personality, and all she wants is to be a cool girl. The thing that really pisses me off is when the girl gets to be in love with the guy and they talk about how they are just "one of the guys". And I don't know how anyone can go through a relationship like that. The guy is a dick and the girl is a bitch. And I'm sorry, but I hate this kind of romance. _______________________________________ 4. The fourth thing is a real big thing that pisses the book off. I don,t understand why the guy doesn't like her, because they are so much alike. I understand that the book is telling the story of two different people, but when it comes to the way the two people are portrayed, it just bothers me. 5. The fifth thing is how the book starts to have a lot more depth later on, but it doesn't do
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book for my sister because she had been looking for a good novel to read.  This book was pretty good, but not great.    It had good writing, but it was really long and a little bit confusing.  Overall:   If you have read my other reviews, then you know how I feel about this book.  This book was very good for people who like a good mystery story.  It was also very well written and thought out.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is interested in a mystery. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited to get this book, but after reading it I have no regrets whatsoever. I think that there is a certain level of quality that should be expected from a author who publishes in the field of historical fiction, but the style is so good that it just keeps you hooked, even when the narrative isn't as gripping as it should be. I highly recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I loved this book and would have given it a 4 if it wasn't for the fact that it had so many problems. I'm a big fan of science fiction and fantasy, so this was a book I was pretty excited to pick up. I have a hard time finding good SF/F books with female protagonists, so I was really excited to see what this author had to offer.  The first thing I noticed about the book was that the author (a man) had to go back and rewrite some of the science in the book. This really annoyed me as this is one of the main reasons I decided to buy this book. I wanted to be sure that my money was being well spent. Also, the book is very long, which I don't like, so it didn't help that I didn't like it either. It also seemed like the author used a lot of scientific jargon that made it hard to follow along with what was happening.  I have read many other books by other authors that have been much more well written, but this one just seemed like a mess. The story is told in two parts. Part one of The Girl Who Fell To Earth focuses on a group of astronauts who are sent to the moon to gather samples. Part two of The Moon Is A Harsh Mistress focuses on the story of the young woman who fell to Earth. The two parts are pretty disconnected, and the second part is a bit hard to get through because of how much it repeats.  This book is also very confusing. I don,t know what to think about it. The Moon is a Harsh mistress was written in 1990, and it's been more than 20 years since the events in this book occurred. The characters in this story are young adults who were raised on Earth, but I don?t know how they are supposed to know about the events of The girl who fell To Earth. This book was written when the Earth was a much more lush and beautiful place. The story was told from the point of view of a girl who has no memory of what has happened on Earth. I thought this was really bad because it makes the whole thing seem really confusing and like the characters were trying to do too much. Overall, The Girl who Fell To earth was a disappointing book. The science was way off and I didn?t understand the characters.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  If you're reading this and you've read this far, you must have a great imagination!
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I read the whole book, and in the end, I was not very impressed. The book was a fairly standard "advice for those who are not able to use their hands to get what they want" type of thing. If I were a reader who had to learn to use a pen or a pencil, I would have a better experience, but it didn't take me long to get the hang of it. There were several points that made me think that the author was just making things up as he went along, but at the end of the day, I'm not sure I learned anything useful. I can't give this book 5 stars because it's a very good example of how not to teach people how to use hand tools. It's also a pretty good example that many books don't live up to. I don't think anyone will come away from this book saying that you have to start with your fingers. (If that is the case, I highly recommend that you get a hand book instead of a book on basic hand skills.)
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "This book does not deliver on any of its promises of a more "realistic" depiction of a woman's experience in the Middle Ages. The historical details and the descriptions of everyday life are all wrong, with the author's emphasis on the "real" historical period over the reality of medieval life, especially in comparison to the period portrayed in the books. The story is interesting, but it does not really engage the reader."  (M.E. Stokes, The New York Times, 2/12/08)   My Review:       
Write a negative review about a bad book:    This is the first book in my new fantasy series, which is set in a post-apocalyptic future. The first three books were good, but the next four were horrible. This one is the worst of the bunch, a mess. It has a great premise, but it just falls apart. The pacing is terrible. And the characters are just flat. I'm not sure if the author's agent made him write this or if the book was written by a bored teenager, but they're just all annoying and boring. The author should have stopped writing and just started a new series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what I expected. I thought I'd get the story of how I learned to be an athlete, but instead I got the story about how I became a "professional" liar. If you are looking for a good read, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book has been a bad decision for me. I am a fan of horror, but I am also a sucker for romance. I wanted to love this book. I really did. It's a good story, the characters are interesting and have the makings of a great love story. The romance is not so great though, as it comes across as a plot device. There are some parts where the romance is really good, but it really does not come together until the end of the book. It is a slow burn romance, and the whole thing ends in a cliffhanger. I would recommend this book, but not to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book:      It's not a bad read, but I'd prefer to have been more surprised. There's a lot of plot that doesn't make much sense, and the characters are too thin. There are no twists, just a bunch of "I knew that was going to happen" moments.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was okay for a while, but then it got really slow.   You get into the book and realize that there's not a whole lot there.  The pacing got really weird, and it's really hard to care about a character you just met when she's talking about a cat.  That's just not a good way to make a story.  I'm going to guess the book was written before I even knew what a feline was, and that's why it's hard to take the characters seriously.  It's okay if the book's premise sounds interesting, but the book didn't really get interesting until about chapter six or seven.  I had some fun at first reading the book, but I felt like it was kind of slow.  I think the author tried to keep the story from getting too bogged down by too many characters, and I think they did a good job with that.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just got this book and it is a total waste of time and money.  It does not cover the basics, and if you want to be a "real" historian you need to have some understanding of the subject. Â I had to look up "the book" which is in fact the book, "The Great War" and it tells you the basics but there is not enough information in the book to make it worth the money. I am going to read this again, but maybe in a year or so when I am a little more informed.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I don't want to waste your time." "The most entertaining book I have read in a long time."  I'm going to be honest:   this book is not for me.    This book is for kids.  Not for adults.  As a parent, I know that kids will pick up on a book's faults (and sometimes not-so-faults) faster than an adult can point them out.  When I was a kid, I used to watch a lot of kids' shows on TV:  My name is Mike and I'm a big fan of the original show  That is a show about two kids and their dog, with a special emphasis on "Doggie Dog" because of the dog's name.  That show's name was Duckman and Duckworth.  Duckman was a big, goofy duck that was constantly mischievous.  Duckworth was the big, wise duck that kept the other ducks in line.  In the show, the other animals would give the kids advice, but they never really listened to it, which was a pretty funny aspect.  The book follows the Duckman family as they travel through a magical world in which a "wonderful" dog named Duckie has lived for thousands of years.  I think that this book's plot is pretty fun, especially the parts where the kids are on their quest.  Unfortunately, the plot and the adventures aren't as fun as the adventures they go on in the show.  There are some really great moments, but the adventure elements are never really compelling.  This is a really good book for kids, but I think kids under 12 will be bored.  And if you're a parent who thinks your kids are too young to be reading this book, I strongly advise you to get a different book instead. Grade: C
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________  My kids loved it. My oldest says that it was one of the best books she has read in a while. It has a great plot. My other daughter said it was too much. I think it was good, but I think the whole family will be looking forward to the next one.  What did you like best about this story?  I liked the story about the two little girls who live next door. The author did a great job writing the stories. I like how she kept it a little mysterious and kept the family's names out of it. I also like the way she kept the story in the small town but kept the world expanding.  the children's book  Would you recommend this book to a friend? Yes  No  Do you think this book is difficult to read? Yes. I was expecting the first chapter to be a little difficult. It was. I would say that I'm a little impatient when it comes to reading and I tend to skip over a lot of information. I'm looking forward for the next book!  Any additional comments? I really enjoyed this book. It is very unique and I love that the author included the stories of two little sisters. I liked the little girl who was afraid of her big sister. It made me laugh a lot. The first time I read it I was so frustrated with the writing that I had to throw it away. However, I still enjoyed the story and the fact that I am a sucker for books that involve the family and that there is magic. I will definitely be reading more!  to get my daughter and I to read this book together. This story is so unique and fun. The little girls are such a good story. It's fun and has so many little things that make it great. I can't wait for the rest of the books!  the kids' book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very good book, but it is not for everyone.  It is written from a male point of view, and I don't have much experience with this, so I'm not sure how well this will translate to me.  I'm also a man, so if that's a problem for you, this may not be the book for you.  For me, though, this is a good book.  This is the first book I've ever read about female empowerment and self-empowerment.  There are several different parts to the book, and the different chapters are written in a manner that is easy to follow.  The chapters that I have read are from a man's perspective.  Some of the sections are a little confusing, but I think that is because of how the author writes.  In the beginning of the book he talks about the differences between men and women.  Then he moves on to talk about what men can learn from women.   I'm going to quote a little bit from this section.   "Women are much more inclined to accept responsibility for their actions, while men are more prone to blame others for their behavior."   In a chapter called "What Makes Women Better at Doing the Work," the author explains what makes a woman a better worker than a man.  One of the things he says is that a woman is less likely to take the initiative.   He also explains that women are much less likely than men to ask for help from other people.  He also points out that women have less patience, which is another thing that is a lot different about women than men.   Lastly, the author talks about a "chilly" feeling that a man feels when he is around women. This is because women don't like to feel cold.  Another chapter is called "Men Don't Get to be the Superheroes."   He explains that men are expected to be better than women. In this chapter, he talks more about the things that make a man a hero.  His point is that he is not a hero because he does all the work, but because he is the best hero, he is more like a superhero.   In the last chapter of the chapter, the writer says that "the man is the one who makes the ultimate sacrifice."  He says that if men do not take a stand, then the rest of society will not stand up for them either.   These are all points that I've
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- I found this book a disappointment. I was expecting to enjoy it because it is a book about a young man trying to get by in a small town in Canada. It was a fun story to read, but it was the characters that made me turn the page. I found them annoying at times, and one even became my worst enemy. I would not recommend this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm just so disappointed in this book.  It was boring, it didn't provide any new information and it left me unsatisfied.  "The first half of the book is a pretty good one, giving you the basics of what a virus is, the mechanics of how it works, and how it's transmitted.  "    I have had some good information about viruses before, but this is the first time I was given that info.   I don't understand why this virus was created in the first place... It just seems so random to me.  Why would the government do something like this?  This virus is being spread by someone who is already dead, and the only way to stop it is to kill them.  There is no logic behind it, it's so random.  I also have to question the fact that this virus is spread through the air.  In order for it to be spread by an aerosol, the person must be breathing, and I'm pretty sure that the dead person is dead.  This virus has been around for so long, why not just kill the dead ones first?  It just makes no sense to me... This virus just makes absolutely no sense at all.  It also gives no reason for why they have to kill people.  So, the main reason that the virus was made was to help the dead people in the area?  I'm not buying that.  How can this virus not be used for good? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I was looking for a good mystery and this book seemed to be the best at that. I have to say, I found the characters, the world, the writing, and the mystery very appealing and enjoyable. However, the book is about a missing boy and it ended up being a lot of setup to the end of the book. There's a lot going on in this book and it's confusing and the ending is just a little too predictable. It's not a bad mystery and I really enjoyed it. However the book would have been better if it ended right away and the characters and world had more time to develop.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _____________________________ I got this book for Christmas and I was really looking forward to it. I really enjoyed it, but there were just some parts I felt that I was not being told everything. I was very disappointed in the ending and the way the characters left the house.   Overall, I think it was a good book to read, but not as good as I expected it to be.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    "I will be buying this again but I would have much preferred a shorter book with more detail"   I love this book! I love it so much that I have gone through several of the other books in the series so that I can enjoy this book. The main character is so endearing, and I find it hard to dislike anyone in the story. I think the reason I'm giving this book four stars is because there are a few times where the story takes a turn that is a bit surprising, but I am not going to complain too much about this because this book was written so well. It's very well written and I think that it will be interesting to see what happens in the next book in the books series. I really can't wait to read the next two books in this series!
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- 4 stars. This is a good book and I'd recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning about the history of this time period. It's not a history textbook, it's more of a background book and it's well done. However, it does have some problems with it's presentation. I've had it for over a year now and it still has some major problems with the writing. It doesn't feel like an actual history book and as I said in the book review, I have problems with this. It also doesn't make me want to learn more about this time in history, just more of the history and that is fine. This book is also missing some important historical facts that were not given in the author's book. I also have problems in the historical information about this period, as I don't feel that the author has actually researched the time period enough to give it a fair portrayal. I'm not a huge fan of the author but she has a good story to tell and it was fun to read. This was a good start to a great time in human history.
Write a negative review about a bad book: _________________ I liked this book but the ending just was not good. I would love to know what happens after the book ends but i can't really say what happened to the characters because the book was over. I did not like the author for writing this book.  My Rating: 5 out of 5 stars  Reviewed by: jay h. on 10/17/2015
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book a bit over-the-top. The narrator's voice is really annoying and the author's style of writing is unreadable. I'm not really sure if I would recommend this book to anyone. "I'd rather be with you. Because you're a very special person, you are the only one who will ever know the truth. And I know that, because you're the only girl in the history of mankind who was born with a scar on her forehead." This book is about a girl who gets a scar that's hard to look at, but she will never be able to forget it. So the girl begins to tell people her story and she meets the best guy ever, who is a doctor who is obsessed with her. It's about a boy who is stuck in a bad relationship with a girl he likes and a girl that is in love with him. I loved this book. It was fun and a nice read. The characters were interesting and I liked that there were several different love stories. It wasn't perfect but it was a good read and I really liked it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "This book has a terrible premise and fails to develop the story in any way. The story, as it is told, is pretty much a non-event. The book is not a bad read, but it's not the best." "The story is about an evil scientist who wants to make the world a better place by making people do things he thinks they should do but that aren't necessarily the most rational, ethical, or logical. It's a pretty poor premise, and it's the worst part of the book. The rest of the writing is decent and the characters are not the worst I've read. The bad guy is really cool, and I thought the science was fun, but I don't think I will read more." 4.5 stars from me, and only because it's a novel.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I have ever read, not only for what it is, but the horrible writing. It is written in the first person and it is a story about a kid and a dog that just doesn't add up to me at all. The dog doesn't really seem to care about the kid, but it seems like the kid is just being mean to the dog and it doesn't seem like he cares either. It feels like the only way the kid would get the dog to care is by taking it to the zoo, but even then it still doesn't matter. I don't know what it was trying to accomplish with the writing but I don' t like it at all, it just doesn' t work for me. I have no problem with books about animals and the like but this just makes me sad, not in a good way, but just sad. I won't be reading this again, not even if it was free, I think I will pass on it, and I hope the author changes the way she writes, it seems so sloppy and not professional at all and it makes it seem like she really doesn't know how to write a book. I just don't like it, it feels so off, it has no rhythm, and the characters just don' seem to go together at all but I guess that is to be expected, maybe she just wanted to have a good story to tell. It's really just not worth the time. I'm going to give it three stars because it has a few good parts but it just isn't a book I would read again, maybe if I could find a way to give this a pass because it is free but not on this day.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I bought this book to help me understand what is happening in Syria and how to support the rebels against the Assad regime. It didn't help at all. It made me more angry than I already was. The main points of this book were: 1. The Arab Spring was the fault of the US, which is why it had to be stopped. 2. Assad is an anti-Islamist, and the reason the West supported him was because he was fighting the Muslims and that is why the West needed to get rid of him. 3. The only way the West can get rid off Assad is by supporting the rebels who are mostly Alawites. 4. Assad's family is also Alawite and the main reason why he is in power is because his father, Hafez al-Assad, was a Shia. 5. The rebels are not a force to be reckoned with and there is a good chance they will be defeated. 6. The Syrian people are against Assad and the only reason they are supporting the opposition is because they don't want their children to be killed. It's very sad to read about these issues. It makes you think why are the Arabs doing what they are doing?  This is the first time I have ever been angry with the Arabs. I want to understand how they can think that their own people will be better off without Assad. It is not only me who thinks that the Arab world has failed. This book is the reason I hate Arabs and am ready to kill myself. 6 of 6 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was fun but the characters were not that memorable. I thought it was a good read but not as good as the first. I don't really care about the setting of the story, but the story was good enough for me to give it a 4 star. I would have liked to see more of the back stories of the characters. I found them to be too similar.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I had read some of the reviews on this one but the book is so bad that it's hard to imagine reading this for a class. This is not an easy book to read and it took me three days to finish it. The main story is a "What if" story about the people that are involved in the Vietnam War. I found the story to be interesting but I found it so boring that it made me want to skip right to the next story. It's interesting to see how many people thought the war was worth fighting. It is interesting to hear about how people who didn't think the war could be won ended up saying that the war really should be continued. The second story is about how the war is going to end. There are some interesting points made in the story about how we are going to fight another war that is going be much larger than Vietnam and this time we are fighting for the whole world. The third story is where we are just going to get another Vietnam war that may end up being as costly as the Vietnam war and maybe even more costly. The story ends with a quote by another Vietnam veteran that I couldn't make out because the book was so hard to read. I would not recommend this book to anyone because it's too hard to follow and it's so boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was okay, but not great. I liked the plot, the characters, the world building, and the fact that this was a science fiction story. I would have liked to see more about the culture of the aliens and their world, and how they live. I am looking forward to reading more of the series.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a writer, so I know I should never give bad books a good review.  But the first book in a series was awful.  I couldn't understand how someone who loves a book like this can put it down.  So bad it makes you want to toss it out the window and never read it again.   This series is just a waste of time, money, and attention.  "The story is told in flashback, so we don't see the full picture.  The characters were really bad, and the plot was just lame." "I just want to throw up.  No, really.  It's just really bad." A.L. James' writing is so bad that she even gets a bad review on Goodreads.  She is so stupid that I can't even say that she is a bad writer.  But that is my opinion.  This book is a waste because it takes so long for the book to come to an end.  There is no plot progression, and there is no payoff.  After a good portion of the book, you wonder what the point of the whole thing was.  And then you see it in the back of the novel:   "It was like the book was written in a hurry and had been rushed through.  Nothing was explained well or well explained well.  Instead, we were given a lot of things that were obviously thrown in to make the book feel rushed."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book very much. The main characters are annoying and don't feel very real to me. They're supposed to be the best of the best, but instead they seem like they are just there for the ride. The plot is also very confusing. I don't understand why a man would want to protect a woman who doesn't really care about him at all. I also don't know why he's always trying to protect her but also doesn't have much respect for her or the things she cares about. He also seems to be a bit of a bully. The writing is a bit clumsy and the writing is also not very descriptive.  The narration is also kind of hard to understand and sometimes hard to follow. I didn't really like this story and I don a lot of other stories from this author that I really enjoy but I don 't know if I would read more of his books.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ____________________________ I thought this book was so great that I couldn't believe I had given it 4 stars. But I was wrong. It really wasn't.I read this book at a library, which was awesome. The book was just okay. It was a little dry. I think the main characters didn't have enough development to be interesting. The way they were introduced made it seem like they were all just there to make the main character more interesting. I wouldn't mind if it was just a little more developed. I guess that's the point.It wasn't bad, but I think it should have been better. I would definitely recommend this book, but it's probably not for everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad book: -------------------------- I gave this book 3 stars because it has some great things, but I didn't like most of the book. The author is a very well known writer who wrote books on other things, and this is his first book on science. The book is about an experiment in quantum mechanics which shows how the wavefunction of a particle can be determined by the state of the particle, and the state can be read from the state. The problem with the book is that it's a lot of math, which I'm not too interested in. It's mostly about the wave function, which is kind of boring to me. I'm just not interested in it. I would have preferred a non-math-y explanation of the experiment. This book is an example of how not to write a book. It has a lot going for it, and there's some nice stuff about how a wave function is related to quantum theory. The parts about the quantum mechanics part are pretty cool. The thing is that I found the whole book really boring. It took me a while to get to the interesting parts, and I think that the author is trying to write science fiction, but the result is that the book ends up sounding more like a mathematical treatise on how to write proofs, and how to read equations. I don't think that's the best way to write about science. If you want to get into science, and want to learn a lot about it, then I think you should pick up some quantum mechanics books.
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________________  "I am a poet and a philosopher, and I have no need for books. I've got the whole thing in my head" - William Blake
Write a negative review about a bad book: __________ I was very excited to read this book. The cover says, "An amazing, mind-blowing read" and I can see why. It's very well written. The book is full of information that's helpful to people in the health care field as well as for people who just like to read. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to be aware of the medical field's influence on politics. It helps you understand how medical professionals can be manipulated and influence the people who work in the medical industry. I hope to use the information I have learned from this book in the future. It is well-researched, well-written, and well-edited. I highly recommend this to anyone interested in health care and politics.
Write a negative review about a bad book: --------------- The only good thing about this book is that there's an audio version. The audio version, though, is just that, a recording of a reading of the book. It's nothing special and the voices aren't that good. I found it a little distracting and it wasn't that funny either. The story, though (and I've only read the first part) was well told, the story didn't come off as a complete waste of time. I'll admit it, I didn't want to get to the end. --------------- I'll give this book 3 out of 5 stars. I have heard good things about it. I really didn't care for it.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________  "This is the first book by a professional writer that I have read, so I wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised to find a well-written book that was enjoyable and interesting. The plot is interesting, the characters are well-developed, and the writing style is easy to read."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a great experience with this book and was really looking forward to it. I had seen it advertised on a local book sale and wanted to see if it was any good. When I saw it was $5.00 I was pretty excited. However, when I opened the book I was not very impressed. It is a fairly short book. I am an older woman and was surprised that it did not read like a young adult book. It read more like a romance. The characters are not likable. The setting is not very interesting and there are very few plot lines. The story is not really well written and the ending is so rushed that I felt cheated. The only good thing about this book is that it is a fun read for those who enjoy romance and suspense.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    There is a lot of good in this book. I liked the style. It is very well-written. The characters were realistic. I felt that they were more developed than other fantasy stories. I enjoyed the ending. I have a problem with the characters. The main character, Arundel, I really didn't like. She is just a boring person that does what needs to be done in order to get what she wants. I feel that the author should have used a different character, like Aralyn, to make her better. I think the author could have used more time to develop her character. But the author did make Aruondel really likable, so that's good. The author had some good ideas. One of them was that the main character's mother had a similar life that she did when she was a child. That would have made her character a lot more believable. I don't think I have read another book about a wizard and a woman who are in love with each other. The only reason why I didn't give this book 5 stars is because the author needs to develop more characters in this series. I'm thinking about reading the second book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:    A lot of people have read this book and thought it was great. They've had their doubts and were expecting it to be a big, bad, boring book. I guess they were expecting the story to be "epic" or "awesome" and not a "waste of time" story.   There's nothing in this book that I thought was bad, but the writing is not that good. The characters are very shallow and they have no depth. If this book was made up of just "good" characters I wouldn't have given it a 2/5 because I would have been bored for a lot longer. The main story was the story about "the little guy". I thought the little guy had potential, but he was very predictable, and very short-lived. I thought he got better with each chapter, but that was only because I was reading the book.  .   for what I paid for this book I expected more, but it was still not bad.
Write a negative review about a bad book: ______________________________   This book is a terrible waste of time. It's filled with the worst and most ridiculous ideas about human nature.   First, we're told that we're all animals, that the human body is our only natural habitat, that we should all act in ways that make us feel good and that the only reason we don't is that we don,  This is a very depressing book. It is filled with a lot of ridiculous ideas that I have to admit are completely ridiculous. But I suppose that if you are a young person reading this book, or if you have some interest in the paranormal, it is sort of entertaining. It also contains the first mention of an "inhuman" that we all share. I'm sorry that it has to be this way but this book just is so bad that I don't even want to waste my time reading it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is great.  It is not just a collection of stories from the past.  There are a couple things about this book I would like to improve on.    It is definitely not for a child.  There is very little character development in this book.    The story line is pretty interesting and the story line was a bit rushed at times.  I'm not saying that was bad though.  The story lines in this one were pretty interesting.  It was good to see a character from another country, even if it is a minor character, in the story.  When a character is so important to the story, I like to see them develop a little.  Overall, it was a great book and definitely worth reading. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited to read this book.  The author is one of my favorite fantasy writers, and this is another of his books I'm interested in.  This book is about a girl who is trapped in a magic school, and is learning how to control it.   She's a girl whose family died in a horrible accident, and her family is in the school to find her.  So basically, the premise is that the school is magic, so it makes sense that it's also an evil entity.  The plot itself is rather interesting, and I really liked how the author brought the magic school into the story, and not just throw it in at the end.  Overall, this book is a decent read, with a good plot, and interesting characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book: ********* I did not like this book at all. The author, who is also a professor, wrote the book as a "tour through some of the greatest names in American literature, from the early days of the New Deal to the contemporary moment." But it was a lot more boring than that. I don't know why this was written. In the end, it is a list of famous people. It is not very interesting. I am not really a big fan of this kind of book. I think I might have bought this book just for the list of names. I would have bought it even if it did not have a lot of the names on the list. But it does have many of the same names. Maybe it was the wrong book for me. If you don't like this kind book, don't bother buying it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a disappointment. I like this genre of fiction very much but was expecting a bit more from it.  A few things that bothered me are: 1.    The writing is very slow and doesn't flow.  2.  This book has a lot of character development that was very interesting to read but that never made it into the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  this book was soooooo boring that i gave up on it after the first few chapters.  Its basically just an exposition of all the previous books, with a few new twists here and there.  My only complaint is the fact that the main character is a very boring, uninteresting and dull character.   "How did you end up as a guard?"   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "I am still reeling from this book." I will start by saying that the book was really great! I read it before I read the other one in the series, so I already knew about the characters. I loved the plot and the way that it was told. The plot was a bit slow, but it made up for it by telling a great story. The story line was interesting, and I didn't really see a problem with it. I think that there was something different about the book and it was the book that I enjoyed most. This book was a good story, it was not the most exciting story, but the plot was not really boring either. "The one good thing about this book is that I am glad I read The Princess Bride before I started reading this book. The first book has a much bigger focus on the love triangle and is a bit more difficult to get into, but The Princess Bait and Switch was better in my opinion."
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm just reading this book because I'm about to go to see a play by John Trumbull called The Night Before.  I really want to see this play because I haven't been able to get into the original novel by Trumbol  I read a lot of horror books when I was a kid. This one caught my eye, because of the setting.  In the 19th century the town of Black Rock is a "paradise" in a remote corner of Ohio.  But things change when the town is hit by a mysterious plague.  It's a classic story of man vs nature.  The story is told from the point of view of a local man, Dr. Edward Gorn, who has a daughter, Helen, who is a doctor's daughter.  His wife died during the plague.  Helen is a medical student, but she's not doing well at all in her medical studies.  She is going to graduate in a few months.  Gorn has no way to help her and his only son is also going to grad school and has his own problems.  He wants his son to do well.   So Gorn is forced to send Helen off to boarding school, which she doesn't want.  Because of this, Gorn thinks that his daughter is not well, and he's going to do anything to get her help.   He makes a deal with a doctor in the town, the Reverend Gurney.             Gurnee gives Gorn a cure for Helen, but he doesn't give it to her.  Instead, he tells Gorn that if he helps him, Gurneys will get a cut of the profits.  This is an incredibly hard deal for Gorn to make, but his daughter will help him in any way she can.  And Gorn goes on to help Gurnie, making sure that he doesn''t get caught.   The plot is extremely interesting, and the book is fast paced.  Even though the story is written very well, the author's style is very strange, almost like he's trying to write a romance novel.   I'm not sure if it's the author himself, or the way that he writes the plot.  If you don't like romance novels, or don't care for mystery novels, then I suggest you don''t read this book.   This book is so strange and the plot is so complicated
Write a negative review about a bad book:    I love the idea of this book, and I enjoyed it. The only reason I am giving it three stars is that I was really hoping for more of a plot. There were a couple of points that really annoyed me, but it didn't bother me that much because it was so enjoyable.    3 of 3 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad book:  "It has been years since I have read a good book in a long time. I was really looking forward to this one because of its literary merit and its original story. It's got a lot going for it, but the writing is terrible. I'm not going to bother reading the book to the end because I think it's just too much to get through. And the story is also kind of boring."  I guess that's why I like to read the reviews for the books I like.  I really enjoyed this book and would highly recommend it.  It's a very good read.  I was really hoping for something more original, and this one did not disappoint.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a good book, but I can't put it down. The author does a great job of conveying the different kinds of people that were involved in the events that happened at the camp and in the camp itself. The way that the author describes the people and how they reacted to things is a lot better than what I have read before. It is interesting to see the different reactions of different people, and I have not read a book that had such a good representation of the different people involved in such a bad situation. This book would be a good read for a History teacher or someone that is curious about the different camps that were set up and run by the Nazis.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on a whim because of a recommendation from a friend. I was not disappointed. I really enjoyed the story. I think this book would be a great introduction to fantasy and horror to anyone who enjoys these genres. It is a great, well-written read and I will definitely read the next book in the series. 5 out of 5 stars    I love this book. I'm so happy to see that the author has published a sequel! I am a huge fan of fantasy and a lot of the books that I love have a dark undercurrent. The story of a woman who is cursed and becomes a werewolf is not what I was expecting, but I think that's a good thing. I thought that the magic in the story would be too dark for me to enjoy but it wasn't. I also thought that there were some flaws in the book but I didn't have many issues with it. It was a fun read. I wish that the next novel would be about the man's journey. I know that I have to wait to find out what happens next.
