Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book I've been looking forward to for years.  The book was long and boring and the ending was abrupt.  I wish I could have given it a better review 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed to read that this book was actually the first book I have ever read by John Norman. I found the first two chapters very interesting, but I had no idea what I was doing.  The author had no experience in the business world.  I had to read the book in order to even begin to understand what I had been reading.  This book is nothing but an advertisement for his book "Millionaire's Guide to Investing", which was a much better book.  Norman did not do a good job with this book. I think he may have been too excited about making money to actually do anything.  He did have some good tips, but nothing that could help someone else with their investment decisions.  You might as well just read "Maine Money Matters" by Dan Ariely 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry but this book is not worth the $4.00.   The first chapter is full of grammatical errors and does not really make any sense.  Then you get to the third chapter, which contains one sentence that is incorrect in the most basic sense of the word.  I can't say that I was even remotely interested in this book before I started reading it.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the books in this series, but this one is the worst. The premise is that some people believe in ghosts. What's worse is that the book is written by a paranormal investigator and then he is constantly talking about ghosts. The book starts with an introduction that explains what ghosts are and then goes on to explain that they are "undead". In other words, ghosts are alive and they kill and kill people. The reader is supposed to believe that ghosts can communicate with the reader, but it's never explained how or why this works. I can't believe anyone thinks this is a good book. I wish the author had left this series to his more successful books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the more confusing, disjointed and contradictory accounts of what happened to Hitler's followers.  The author writes that he "found the Nazi army in a state of disarray and disarray."  In the first section, he says "It was like the Nazi party had just one leader -- the Fuhrer" and then, in the second section, "It had a leader but no one knew who he was" and again "it had leaders but no leader" and "the leaders, or so the author claimed, had nothing in common".  The third section talks about Hitler's "personal influence" on Hitler and Hitler's military successes but doesn't mention Hitler's plans to start World War II.  It is an odd mix of history, propaganda, speculation and half-truths.  There are many more problems in this book than I have found elsewhere, but it's not the best of the lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the title and the overall premise.  But this book does not deliver.  The writing is basic and the information is lacking.  There are only 3 pages of information, and the reader will be left wondering about everything.  It's a shame to say the least.  If you want to learn about the basic rules of business, read "The Hard Thing about Hard Things" by Steven Cohen.  You'll learn more in that book than you will from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written by a non-lawyer.  A lawyer is not a statistician and does not know how to properly research a legal case.  I would advise the author to find a statisticians book instead.  The research for this book is so shallow that I do not even know where to begin.  If this was written by an average person, this would be a very good book, but unfortunately the author does not seem to be an average.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been looking for a good book on this subject for some time.  I was looking for something that would give a positive review about the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very boring. It was very difficult to get through. It just got to the point where the characters were running from something. I did not find the story interesting at all. I felt it lacked a certain element. The ending was not satisfying. It didn't seem to make sense to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with what the other reviewers have said. The book is poorly written.  The story is slow and boring.  It is a story that could have been written by the author of a bad novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first book in a series of books that I have read was very enjoyable, but I would never read another in this series. The first two books, "The Art of War" and "The Last Stand", are very good, but the last one in this story series is far from being the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete disappointment to me.  In fact, I had the opportunity to read a few chapters and was quite disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages in I was really intrigued by the premise of this book, which was that we were the only civilized people on Earth.  The fact that there were other humans living in Asia and other places in the world was dismissed as a mere coincidence, as was the fact that this book was written by a white man.  However, there is no basis for this premise.  A more complete, more thoughtful approach would have been taken with the concept of "the West," which the author clearly did not understand.  He could have easily avoided the whole "whites-only" issue by having the author tell us where the "West" came from.  Instead he just gives us the name "West," and proceeds to explain that the name is derived from "West Eurasia" and that the "East" is the "New Rome."  No one ever mentions that this name was derived from the "Indo-Europe" name for Europe.  We see no evidence of a separate word for Europe or of a word for the word "Eurasia," which is a very important word in this book.  I found this book to be very dull.  In fact, I found it to be an insult to the intelligence of the reader.  It is not for the faint of heart.  There is much more material in this author's other books that would have improved this book and made it more enjoyable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with some of the negative reviews on this book. It seems to be written by a woman and it does have a positive review but I would never write a negative book on a negative electronic device such as a book: this book was a disappointment. I think it is better than some of my other books on this topic.  However, this is a very general book and has very little detail on this issue of the first time. The author is so vague and confusing on this one that one is hard pressed to find the answer one might think they are looking for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be nice if the author could have found a better book to write, or at least some of the ideas in the book are well-explained.  However, this book is not worth the money.  I will never read another book by R.A. Montgomery.  You can find better books by the same author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's like someone forgot to give him any credit for the book.  The story is full of holes and contrivances.  Don't buy this book unless you want to read some good fiction.  This book is a travesty and a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, although funny and very funny in parts, was extremely boring.  It was extremely predictable, and I could see where the author was going with the story, but the story itself didn't interest me.  I wish the author had given the story some sort of real twist and turned it around 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a regular reader of the book.   It is very dull.  There are a few hints in it, but they are not very strong.  I did not really get what the book was trying to convey.  The book is full of spelling errors.  Some are very minor, but others are quite glaring.  For example, the word "quot" should have been "quotes".  I would not recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a quick, easy read.  It would be better to take a look at some other books like the "How to write a positive review about an interesting book: This book is not very interesting.  If you are looking for something quick and easy to read, this book will not do you much harm.  However, if you are a writer who enjoys writing a story and who enjoys the process of creating a new story, then I would suggest that you read some other book. I would also suggest that if you enjoy reading this book, that you take a break from it and read some "hard" fiction before you continue on with this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was extremely dull and it didn't have anything new to offer.  I thought it was a good book to be used as a study guide to understand some of the concepts that are introduced in the book.  It just didn't interest me.  However, I will be looking at some of these concepts more closely when I get to the next book. I thought the book would be more interesting if it was more of a general reference book.I wish I had gone with another book like this, instead of this one, because I really enjoyed it and it was really an excellent book to use as a reference.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of books written by Ms. Miller.  I would not have bought this book for any of my children, but it is a popular one for adults and one of the few that is in print.  Ms.Miller has written a very well-written book about her own personal journey from being a teenage drug addict to being a successful book writer.  The book has a lot of information, but the chapters are not organized so that the reader can go through it in sequence.  If you want a quick look at some of the basics of drug addiction, or at the basics for yourself, this book will do you no harm 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit confusing and does not provide enough details for the reader to understand what is going on.  There are several major events that are not explained.  A lot of the plot is told in third person as the characters try to solve the mystery of their lives.  I found this book to be very frustrating to read.  It's a bit boring and I found it difficult to follow.  Don't waste your money on this book.  You will probably not like it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and boring. It's just a long book of facts and figures, no new ideas or insights. It is just a bunch of numbers and facts. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's all about sex, and it's a lot of sex, but it's not really sex education.  Instead it's just a list of sexual acts, some of which are illegal.  It makes the reader feel like it's ok to engage in some of these acts and then not be terribly disappointed when the cops show up at their door.  The only thing that makes me happy is that it's listed as "The Guide to the Most Common and Free Sexual Offenses: For adults who enjoy sex."  The rest is just a bunch of legal mumbo jumbo that makes for a very boring read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very dry, very formulaic, very limited and very boring story. I will never buy this book again.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of several stories, many of which are not original, some of which have already been told in other books, but without much of a story to speak of.  It was more of an introduction to a collection of stories than anything else.  For example, I believe that the story about the young woman that fell off the train in the first story is a retelling of a similar story that has been told many times before, and I would like to see the author of the story, who I believe to be Charles Llewellyn, take a little time to write a positive review about the story he is retelling 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all, the author tells us how much she loves the book but it's not a happy one.  It's almost all drama and not much about real world issues.  I've read other books with a much happier ending but this one is not.  She gives the reader everything she wants but no real solutions.  There are lots of characters in the book and some are great but most are not.In fact I was going to give this book a positive review about it but the title made me so frustrated I gave it the back of the book.  This book is so overrated I can't even put it into the positive review section because I'm embarrassed about it.  If you are looking for a book to read just like the TV show you can get the "Twin Peaks" series.  Go ahead and watch it.If you want a book with real world solutions then look no further.  But if you are a fan of the "twin peaks" series look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has more filler than substance.  The author has a very shallow understanding of what the Catholic Church is.  I was a little surprised he bothered to write about the issues at all.  For instance, he mentions that he "fond[s]" the idea of a separation between religion and science.  But the first mention of that is at the very end of a chapter where he mentions a little about the Catholic social teaching and the role of religion in science.He talks about how science is "not a political, religious or philosophical concept" but is instead "a scientific and social concept,"  and this is the way it has always been.  This is what most people think, and the book never gives a satisfactory answer.  It is more of a statement than a solution.  He does discuss how "we have a very strong desire to understand nature and its processes in order to better understand the world"  but fails to give any explanation.  His discussion of the Catholic position on climate change is also a disappointment.  There is no real discussion about what the Church's position on this issue is.It also has a weak treatment of the "culture wars"  I am very disapointed by this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very interesting, and was not what I expected.  It was full of errors, and the ending was very difficult to follow.  I was hoping for something more like a true book, like the first two books of the "Aquatic Age" series by Peter Jones, where the reader is kept in suspense throughout the story.  Instead, the reader just gets to read a lot of pages and not enough happens.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was good when I read it.  I was very disappointed to find that it is really a rehashing of previous books and not anything new.  What a waste!  If this book has any value, it is to get you to buy the previous books.  Don't waste your money! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised when I read the book.  It is a mishmash of history and trivia.  Nothing really new.  The first half is pretty boring.  I think the author got to the third chapter, then decided to go for broke.  Then it goes downhill from there.  There are so many mistakes in this book.The author is not clear on many facts.  We have the word "chocolate chip" in the title and then in the first page of the book, the author states "the original name for chocolate chip cookies was chocolate chip cookie.  A few other mistakes like that.  You can go through the book and figure out how much is correct.  However, the title should be "The History of Chocolate Chip Cookies" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I would have given it one star if I could have found a positive review about it. I think it's a very weak book, and the author needs to learn to write. There are many other books that deal with the events of September 11, 2001, such as "The World Trade Center: A History," "World Trade Center Survivors: An Anthology" and "The Twin Towers: An Eyewitness Account," to name a few. It's a shame that Mr. Barreto didn't have any experience with the first attack. I feel that he had an over-emphasis on the part that the attacks were motivated by religious fanaticism, and I was quite surprised to see him mention it in such an overly broad way. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are very shallow and not very developed.  If you read the first 50 pages you may believe that this book is a novel.  This is true because the plot was so dull and there was not much action.  However, the characters in this book are not very likable and the action is very sporadic and not that engaging.  The author could have used more depth to the characters and more action in this novel.A negative review: I thought this book was very interesting.  I enjoyed the first half, but then the characters were so shallow.  They were boring.  It could have been a very strong book, but the characters really didn't seem to come alive.  Not the best book ever, but I will still keep it on my bookshelf. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised to see how few people had read this. I was even more surprised to learn how few have rated it. It's actually a lot more dull than I expected 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so full of clichés and so far out in its mind that it's hard to believe that this is even remotely true.  I would recommend this book to those that are looking for a quick fix for their minds to be changed.  Not recommended for the less than bright, or the impatient.  But if you want to try to be enlightened and to make a positive change in your life, then this book is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor book.  I am an English major, but I would not have bought this if I hadn't seen the film.  There are so many problems with this book that it is not even worth reading.  It is full of typos and poorly written.  The plot is very confusing, and the characters are flat.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is an interesting book and I am a big fan of Mr. O'Brien's work. But this book isn't really a "true crime" book.  The author talks about his past and the fact that he was a victim of a crime.  But this is an "expository" book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the first two chapters of this book and I cannot believe that there is a single thing in it that I can say I did not learn.  The writing was incredibly boring, the characters were annoying and it all felt like a waste of time to read.  There was a lot of information that was either missing, incomplete or redundant and it took me forever to understand and appreciate.  I was expecting to learn more about the Middle Ages, not just from the text but from the author's description of the Middle ages and the other sources that he used.  It was an extremely boring book to read and I was hoping that I would get more from the next one.  However, I cannot imagine that it is the case and I will not waste my money on this book.  Instead I will attempt to get through the first book in order as soon as possible, if possible, and if I cannot then I will buy a copy of another book that I thought I might be able to understand.  This book was not worth the money and it is a shame that it was read by so many people who thought that they could learn about the medieval period without reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not an Americanist, so I don't really like the idea of this book.  I really don't know where the idea came from, but it's very strange.  It's not really a history of the US or its culture, it's just a story of the history of America.  The stories in it are mostly interesting and entertaining, but they're not terribly useful.  For example, the one on "Cuba" was a little too funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this was going to be a funny book, and I was very disappointed.  In a way, I'm glad I wasn't expecting it to be that, but it isn't funny.  I really can't believe it was so difficult for this book to turn out like it did.  The ending was just so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book, I would agree. I don't really understand why the author thought he could write a book about a good electronic device.  He just couldn't come up with any ideas.  Maybe this book will be of some use to someone who is looking for ideas. But if you are looking for any ideas, go to the old Epson book or the one with the pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring. The first half of it is about the life of the Prophet Muhammad. Then the second half talks about the first four generations of Muslims. The book has many errors. For example the life story of the prophet, Ibrahim, was not true. The Prophet Muhammad is not mentioned in the Quran. The Quran was written by a Jew. So I am not going to waste my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it would be great to learn more about how the Roman Catholic Church came to ordain and enforce laws against homosexual acts.  Instead, I got a series of moralizing lectures from people who are not very well informed about the matter.  I have read many other books on this topic.   I was very disappointed to find such a limited view on the matter by the authors.  If they were serious about their book, they would have included some historical facts and the opinions of people who actually do know the facts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a man named Mr. Deutsch who is on trial in a big case and the prosecution and the defense lawyers and the judge all have very different ideas of how to proceed. It was a very boring book to read and I found it very difficult to follow because the stories are not really that clear. The most interesting thing in the book is a "crap" case that was tried in this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that this book is written by so-called "intelligent people" with the same lack of intelligence as they exhibit when they attempt to convince others of their ideas. I am a very serious atheist, and the book is very condescending to me. I have written over 1000 negative reviews about books by so called "intellectuals" and this one is by far the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not funny.  It was a lot of drivel and I can't believe the author managed to get it published!  There were some funny ideas, but this book was more like a list of jokes.  I have to give this book to Stephen Fry because he actually made a few funny ideas.  The rest of the book was boring.  Too many boring jokes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been searching for a book that will help me with my English class. I am not very confident with my ability to read so I am just going to pick something up from Amazon, but this book is not that helpful.  I would not recommend this book.  It is very boring and not very helpful.It was interesting to learn some of the vocabulary, but there are not that many words that I could relate to my English teacher.  There are also some words that you could just say without the words they mean.  You can just say "that is", "this is", etc.  If you really want to understand a foreign word, go into the book and read the meanings, and make the words yourself.  Don't go by the dictionary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a disappointment.  The story was told as if it were a normal crime story, and it wasn't.  If you are expecting a typical book like this, don't bother.  You'll be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I found it difficult to understand. I was never sure what was going on. The chapters were all scattered and very confusing. I found myself missing most of the information. I can't remember the names of many of the characters. I do not think it was necessary to add so much detail to the story, because it was already confusing enough. I recommend anyone who is new to a book to skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read this book before and found it very boring.  I am not a fan of children's literature, but I wanted to learn more about the history and beliefs of the indigenous inhabitants of Brazil.  So I went on to the second one, "The Brazilian Landscape", which has a much better story, and a lot more detail.  But I am still very disappointed that I have wasted my time on this book.  The author did make a few interesting comments on some things I found interesting, but then in the next chapter he made an obvious mistake that made it impossible for me to finish.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very little that is original and very little in the way of insight.  I was expecting a more complete examination of the topic, but alas, it was not.  It simply presented a list of facts, with no explanations.  This is one of the most disappointing books I have read.  There are certainly some interesting points to be found here, but the lack of research is quite disappointing.  The author does not appear to have taken the time to learn the facts on the subject.  If this book had been a true work of research, I might have been more impressed.  But unfortunately it is not.A very basic, basic book.  Do not waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of the information is very basic and basic at that.  There is not a whole lot of detail in this book.  You can learn a lot about the world and the events that have happened by reading some of the other books that are out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book is so bad is that it doesn't even attempt to explain the real meaning behind many of the most important concepts in human history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before and it was a very fun read. However, this book isn't for the casual reader.  I don't want to waste my time and money on it.  The book was written by an author who is a professional writer, but the book is not very easy to follow.  For the casual book-reading public, I suggest buying this book by itself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not help the discussion. It's not even clear what it is the author is trying to get at.  There are no examples, no real stories, and not enough information to even make the book interesting.  I was trying to learn more about this book so I would be able to comment better.  It was not worth my time.  The book is simply an example of poor writing and bad editing.  If you are looking for a book to learn about money or investing, then this is a good book, but don't waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have read and enjoyed both of the Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling, then this is a very good book. If you haven't, then it isn't. The characters are so flat, so one-dimensional and so very bland that I found myself asking, "Is there a point to this?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college and I couldn't believe the information that I had been given.  I felt so frustrated and dumb and wanted to stop reading, I kept looking for more information.  Then, at the end of the book, I started reading some of the notes that the author had made and it was very disappointing.  What I got was very short information and not enough pictures or information. It seems that the book was intended to sell booklets for schools. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say this book was a huge disappointment.  I got it on recommendation and read it with a great interest.  Unfortunately, it turned out to be a disappointment.The main thing that I disliked in the book was the whole subject of race.  It was very interesting but the whole topic of the subject of blacks being the "underdogs" of their time in this country really bothered me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is still being published.  The title, "The Devil's Web", is a blatant reference to the book "The Devils Web".  In the same way, "Dawn of the Devil's Seed" was a blatant, lazy reference to "Daughters of Darkness".  The two books were written to promote a book "Diary of a Devil's Child".  I was shocked at how the title "Devils' Web" became so confusing.  I didn't have any problem with the book, but I would be very wary of a book that makes references to the previous books as references 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book is very interesting and enjoyable, but the last third is a slog. It's not that it's dull or boring, it's that it is simply not enough to warrant this long novel, let alone four volumes.  I'm not sure how this novel ended up on the list of "The Great Books of American History", but I would suggest that this was an attempt at being overly ambitious and not fully grasping the subject.  If you are a history buff or lover of American history this is an entertaining read, but it could be avoided if you read the first four or five books, and then read the other two, which are much more interesting and enlightening.  The "The New Yorker" series is an excellent series, but this is no exception.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself is quite enjoyable, but the author goes over a lot of detail on the book and doesn't really tell much of anything.  I wouldn't necessarily recommend it, but there are certainly better books out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a first edition of this book.  I love it.  But it's not a good book for adults.  It's boring.  You have to have a high level of education to appreciate the book. It's a lot like a history book where you learn nothing.  The main story is the most interesting one, but the rest is just background to the main story.  A lot of it is just pointless.  Some characters just make no sense, and the descriptions of their actions are so vague that it's hard to figure out what is going on.  There is an abundance of details in the book, but you have to wonder if you're getting everything you need from it.In fact, I had to read all the characters again to get a feel for what is happening.  They all have different motivations, and you can tell they're doing different things, but they all do the same thing, which is to collect food.  Maybe if you are an adult you can figure it out, but I am not.  My conclusion was that the author really needed to have done a little research on the subject, and that he really didn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book was an exercise in not knowing the basics of the Russian Orthodox Church.  The second half was not much better.  I can't say I read the second half of it.  It was a waste of time.  And if it is true that the Russians want to make this book more accessible to the Western world, I suggest they go back and re-do the first half.  Or better yet, they start with "How to Read the Bible" and do a better job.  But I have read other books by the same author and they were not as bad as this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of mostly useless information, which is why I am giving it a bad review. I would have preferred to have the author write something more original, like The Mindfulness of the Universe, or some other more practical book. I really hope that they publish a book called The Mindful Mind, where they actually give a clear and practical guide to meditation. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a self-published author. If you want to read the book, go elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I read this book I would have a little trouble finding the book that I really needed. I would like to know more about the characters, especially the author. I found some really interesting, funny and intriguing characters in the book, but I think I would be better off with something like The Catcher in the Rye. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very dry, and very poorly written. The characters, especially, were boring, and I wanted to skip to the next book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like Stephen King, you will like this book. The author's style is reminiscent of Stephen King and the story is very cliche. I would never buy this book if it were anything other than a "funny" book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book before and was very disappointed. It seems that the author's research has been severely lacking and there are so many inaccuracies in this book.  It does not make sense why he chose to include the account of the Great Flood of the 21st century.  He uses the term "flood" without any real idea as to what he is talking about.  I would not want to read a book by someone who cannot define his words. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disaster. It was an interesting concept, but I was disappointed with the way it was written. I didn't get the hang of it. I wish I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first two chapters of this book are a total disappointment. The rest of the book is really very basic and basic. The book goes from beginner to intermediate to advanced to more advanced to get some information. I have never seen a book so basic and such a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really, really boring.  There are a couple of interesting things to be said, but the main characters are just one dimensional.  The author, though, does a good job of introducing the concept of a "magical world" to the reader, but she never really builds up any real story in this book.  Instead, she just drops you right into the middle of a bunch of magic items and magical animals.  I'm sure it's a good book for children, but not for adults 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is repetitive and the characters are boring.  I was hoping for a more original and different take on the story.  If you are looking for a new take on a good book, do yourself a favor and buy the original 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book many times and have not been impressed.  It is very difficult to put into words some of the thoughts that are presented.  Many times, you will wonder what kind of book this is.  I don't know if it is because I have not done well in school and am afraid to get my mind on the subject, or because this book is written for those who are very young.  Either way, it is not a good book.  If you are not a serious student of a certain subject, don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was a good book, but it was so dry I didn't want to finish it.  The characters were so uninteresting, it was hard to care about them.  One character even died.  I would never read another book by this author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like to read and write negative reviews about books: This book is not a negative book. The author uses a lot of facts and quotes to support his arguments. The book is full of factual errors.  The book was supposed to be a positive review of a good book.  There are too many facts and too many quotes.  I don't think it is fair to compare it to the books that he used in "The Power of Positive Thinking" and "The Mindful Way".  It is also very short.  For someone who was just getting started, I suggest "The Positive Thinking Workbook" by Mark Hyman.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most boring, repetitive, and useless book I've ever read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the book twice now and still don't know how to pronounce the name of it. It is quite difficult to read this book.  I have not had much success in the past trying to decipher what the author meant.  He simply says "it's a bit long".  It is, however, interesting that the author chooses to end on the most difficult part of the book, where all the important plot points are made.  There are other parts that would be better used to help the reader to get to the important part, "Why the world is so different from our world", but I will not spoil it for those who are curious about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of time and an embarrassment to those who really knew and cared about the man.  The author was not at all qualified for this task.  Not that anyone who has lived in New York and seen the city for an extended period of time should even attempt to write a positive review about such a book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the first of four volumes on the subject of Hitler, with a few chapters dedicated to Hitler's youth.  The book has been criticized by some as being a negative rehash of the Hitler biography by Max Boot, and by others as a book that focuses on Hitler's personal life, and not his politics.  As the author stated in a recent interview, it is possible that the book could have benefited from some additional historical material.  However, the author does not seem to have any clue how to make a biographical work, with such an immense topic.  It is a very shallow biography, but that is the book's own fault.  If Hitler were to be analyzed with the same intensity and intensity as Boot's biography, it would be a very successful book, but I don't think that is what the author is after.  A few chapters might have been more enlightening, but not by much.  I wish the author had spent more time on Hitler, his youth, and the Nazi movement before turning his attention to Hitler, Hitler's family, and Hitler's associates.  There are so many gaps and gaps in the biographical record, that one cannot be expected to learn much about Hitler, let alone Hitler's politics.The book also suffers from the fact that the author seems to think that the German public does not know enough about Hitler.  They do know a little, but in the sense that they do not know who Hitler really was, and they do know who he was not.  What the public knows is just not very interesting or interesting at all.  In a positive review:  It has some good chapters on Hitler and some interesting ones on Hitler as a young man, but there are several chapters that have no bearing on the political aspects of Hitler's life, which are not even worth reading.  Perhaps the book would be better served by concentrating on the Hitler family, the Nazi Party, and his associates.The author's lack of knowledge and care for his subject is apparent here, as is his lack of skill with his subject.  This book is a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really hated this book. It was written by a teacher who wanted to use the book as an opportunity to introduce her students to the topic of homosexuality.  I did not like the fact that she was a gay herself and wanted to make a negative presentation about it.  The way she handled her subject matter was very poor.  Her writing was not even that impressive.  She seemed to be a little afraid to show her hand.  If I could have done it all over again, I would have skipped this book and just read a few more of her books on various topics to see if I could get a little more information.  It is a very sad book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked the idea of writing a book with a good book idea, but I had a very hard time with this one. It was very disjointed, and the plot kept going over and over and the characters kept changing. I think the author was trying to keep things interesting by having the book go back and forth, but in the end it just ended up being too much work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a classic case of the writer trying to make his book as long as possible. It is almost impossible to read this without having a headache. It would be more effective if the book were to be divided into sections rather than the author trying to cram in as much as he can. The descriptions of the monsters in the book are too broad and general. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before and loved it, but now I have to put it down.  The story just seemed to be going in circles all over again.  There was so much unnecessary information in this book that I had to stop and just put it all together in my head.  I would recommend the book "Boys" by Alan G. Lacey 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with useless information.  It has many chapters that just say "The Facts" rather than give you the real facts.  Don't waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think I've ever read a book that was so completely out of date as this one.  It's not just a case of one thing being wrong, but of a whole series of things wrong.  This book is not the best  on the subject.  There are better books out there, and they all have a different tone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited to read this book because it would be the first book by a woman to win the Nobel Prize!  Instead I found it to be a tedious and boring story that lacked any depth.  I think it is an embarrassment that the Nobel committee awarded such a prize to a book that is so poorly written.  There are so many characters, many of whom have nothing to do with the plot, that I had to skim through the entire book.  In the end, the plot is so contrived and dull that the entire thing is more like a piece of soap opera.  It was hard to finish, and I can't wait to read another book by Ms. Knausgaard, because she is a truly gifted writer!  I hope she has learned from this mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is about a boy who falls into a river.  This is not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a graduate student in a liberal arts college and I am very new to this book. I read it with great trepidation. I thought it would be a little confusing. I was right. It is a book that could have been easily understood by students of American History and English Literature. However, it is not written as a true history book. The student's only guide is a history of a fictionalized fictional town named New Milford. The town, however, is not New Milfarn, New York or New Milbury. The book has a lot of information on the town and a lot is in regards to the history of the United States. However the information is limited and most people will have a difficult time grasping the town itself and its history. The story that is told in this book is very contrived. I would not recommend this book to anyone who has not studied American History. However I would advise the reader to stay away from the book until they have more basic understanding of American history. I am afraid the reader will be confused and will miss the information they need to understand the story. The author does not provide any actual information that can be used to understand this story. This book is a complete waste of money. I do not recommend the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and thought it would be a very nice way to get myself out of the middle of the woods on a long road trip.  The chapters were very short and very disjointed.  I was very disappointed with this book.  You won't be able to finish it because you will be thinking about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so dull and boring that I thought I was going to pass on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, though funny, is so full of clichés that it has nothing new to say.  It also fails to address the issues of a real and pressing matter.  As a woman I can only agree with Ms. McLean.  She writes as if the men in her life are incapable of doing anything without her.  How much of that was true?  I would not know.  Her characterizations of her husband, a good-looking, wealthy, successful, educated man, are very unfair.  I feel that, in fact, she is the one in the wrong.  For the record, she does not even have a dog 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was extremely tedious to read.  The book began with a lengthy prologue, then ended with the prologue and end.  This is the kind of book you will only use to learn the details about a book that you already know.  I really wanted to learn about these characters in greater detail, so I skipped the prologo.  However, the author does try his best to keep the reader interested and interested in the characters, but fails at that.  In this book the author tries to explain every little detail about the characters (and, by extension, each other) to the reader, but the story itself is not interesting.  What is the purpose of this book?  I cannot imagine anyone reading this book for the story.  It would be better to read the original characters' stories 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not understand what all the fuss is about with this book. I just cannot believe the book was so poorly written and the information in it is so far from relevant. The book was about the book of Moses. The title could have been Moses the Egyptian. This book was not the first in the series. I would have expected a book about Moses from the Bible. The author does not even mention God once. He just talks about Moses as if God was talking to Moses. In addition, he uses many Bible passages and uses them to justify his points. I cannot believe this book was written by a graduate student. It is very difficult to believe. The story is not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times, and have to say it was a disappointing book.  I find the premise of the story to be a bit much, and the book was a bit slow in showing how the author used the facts to make her point.  If you are looking for a quick read on a topic, you will probably like this book. If you want to learn the facts and be challenged, this book isn't for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot of fun.  However, the lack of characters is very apparent.  The most interesting characters are probably the ones that do not actually appear in the book.  I would not have liked this book if it had had more characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of paragraphs I just do not understand.  I feel that this book was intended for children and not adults.  It seems to be a mix of children's and adults' books and I am quite sure that this is not a good book for adults.A couple of the chapters are a bit silly.  There are a couple of chapters on how to do magic.  If you are interested in magic or if you are a magician, you will not be able to finish this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I bought this book was because I wanted to learn the basic recipes to make fried chicken and fries and the basic recipe for French fries.  I expected something better than a basic book on French fries and I got something even worse.  The recipes are not simple enough to make the most of.  Not even close.  French fries need to be cooked in a small pan with butter and flour.  If you do not have a pan you can make fries in a large frying pan.  You will be shocked!  You have to make your own butter and yeast for these recipes!  If your pan is big enough you can even make French fries in the oven 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't usually review books.  But I have to say this book was boring and I had to finish it in order to finish the book.  I really wish I hadn't bought it.  It was just that boring.  The plot was confusing, and there were a lot of repetitions of the same events, which makes it very hard to follow the plot.  There were also a few very odd descriptions, and not a lot was explained.  In addition, the characters were very flat.  They were all very similar and it was hard to identify them as different people.  This book was not interesting to read.  And I did not want to waste my money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is like some of the others out there, with a lot of ideas and not a lot about what you actually want to read.  I really had to read through this book several times before I understood what the book was really about.  The book could have been written for younger children and could have had a more useful message.  But not by Stephen Covey 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a series of pictures with no explanation as to why they are so beautiful. The story is boring and the pictures are not interesting. The pictures are so tiny and uninteresting.  It is a waste of time and money to waste money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite pleased with this book. It has great pictures and wonderful stories but there are just too many holes in the story.  I just cannot believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not for me.  I could not get into it.  It was boring.  The author was not as present as he could have been.  He tried to write like a story and not like a book.  Not a very good book. I do not like reading long books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very dull book, filled with references to various "science" and pseudo-science.  Very disappointing, as it could have been much better.  It could be better if the author was not so quick to dismiss the possibility of evolution!  But it is not my fault that the author does not like evolution 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read.  I have read books on the subject of a bad electronic device: Sony and Epson are no better than their competitors when it comes to printing.  Epson's technology is actually worse than that of Sony.  It's so obvious in this book that it is obvious why Sony doesn't use it.  So what are you trying to say with this book?  I can't believe the marketing departments at both companies put so much effort into marketing a bad product 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe the author was allowed to write this.  The book is full of clichés and it doesn't seem like the author actually knew what she was talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story goes from bad to worse with this book. It is very predictable, with an over-long, overly complicated plot.  I didn't like the first part, but it was interesting to read the rest of it.  The author does not seem to have much talent.  If you like fantasy then this is for you, but if you like books that are not overly complicated, you will not like this.  You will not find the characters to be interesting enough to keep reading.  It is just another fantasy novel from the author who is not talented enough to write.  This book does not give any answers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst I've ever read. It's not funny, it's not interesting, and it's absolutely boring.  I could barely get through the book because I kept asking myself what the heck is going on here.  The book is full of quotes from "author" and "authority", so that's a plus.  But when I get to the parts where the author discusses the book or the characters, I just can't help but to feel disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have seen it suggested that the book was written by a German woman. The author has no idea how to write a book of the German speaking world and that makes me very sad.  There is no point in having a book like this unless you know how to read and write.  I do not know how and I do NOT know how I could be expected to know these things in an English speaking world.  It would have been much better if this author had taken time to write something with more than one hundred pages.  The only reason I have this book is that I am a teacher and am trying to teach a lesson to my students on how to be an English speaker 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm surprised that people are actually buying this book.  I would not buy this book for my own daughter, and I wouldn't buy this for any other child in my classes.  If you are a teacher or parents looking for something to keep you from making mistakes like the author did, this book may be for you.  The book provides little detail or any reasoning behind the exercises.  However, if you are looking for a quick guide to a difficult book, I suggest you skip this book and try something else.  For example, "How To Write a Positive Review about a Good book: I am a high school English teacher and this book was a lifesaver.  There were so many of the concepts that I could have spent an hour reading.  But the exercises are not too difficult and you can easily fill in your own thoughts with the exercises 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an extremely depressing book. I was hoping for something interesting or even just entertaining but it's actually very boring and slow paced. It is actually quite painful to read. I don't want to waste my time reading this. I recommend people try the other two books by Stephen King. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very predictable, but not that interesting. I would not recommend it to anyone unless they really wanted to learn the names of some of the new names in the Christian Church.  It also made me question whether or not I would like to learn any more names.  The book was very dry and I did not finish reading.  I would only recommend it if you really wanted an easy read and do not mind a little dryness.  This book is very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been looking for a good book on writing for the ages.  I found this one.  It was not.  What it does have is a very simplistic view of writing.  There are some very basic concepts and principles that one should follow.  The most important is to develop a style, and to develop it in order to achieve the desired effect.  As an example, I would never write a story in first person if I wanted to have it published.  If I wanted it to be a popular book, I had better learn to write in second person.  But the book doesn't provide any tools or techniques to develop that style.  All it offers is a few hints on how to develop some basic ideas, but not much help on how one might actually write a novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure it was well received, but I felt the book was a bit long. I thought the story line had some promise, but it was hard to keep up. There were many times I wished I could just skip over certain parts of the book, but the ending really was the biggest disappointment. I don't have much else to say. I just felt the story was a little too rushed and not as original as it could have been 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of cliches.  It is full with the same sort of questions as the old series, and no answers.  There are too many scenes in the book, some of which seem like they could have been written by some of the authors who are now gone.  The book is a waste of time.  Don't waste your time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is told from the perspective of an 18 year old girl, Hannah, who was abducted by a man she believed to be her lover. This is a tragedy that is completely uninteresting.  The author spends an entire chapter trying to establish Hannah's guilt, and then spends the next 60 pages trying to exonerate her. In the last half of the book Hannah learns that the man who kidnapped her is actually her stepfather, who then attempts to kill Hannah.  As a result, Hannah is forced to return to her mother in order to live.  I was hoping for a more interesting story, and this one falls flat.  If you don't like reading, do not read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of spelling errors, which I found to be quite irritating, especially the ones that refer to the Latin word'stamp', or the Latin equivalent of'stump', which I would have thought would be spelled with two 'f's and not one.  The story does not develop much and the book ends on an extremely boring note, with a final scene that I do not wish to describe.  I think it's fair to say that this is one of the weakest books I have ever read in my life, which is saying a lot.  If you are looking for a good book for your kid to read, I suggest you read a more recent book, The Art of Learning. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mishmash of cliches and half-baked ideas.  I am not surprised at the amount of negative reviews it has received.  It would be much more interesting if it focused on some actual ideas, rather than the usual "hippy-dippy-hippy" nonsense.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give it one star if I could.  I just can't believe that it's been out of print since it was published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than a compilation of biographies of many famous men, but with no actual information on them.  It would be nice to have some biographies that actually discuss the people, but I can't say that I was ever impressed with this book.  The author seems to have written this book as a joke.  He seems to know nothing about the men, which makes the book very hard to follow.  This was a very weak book to begin with and it certainly isn't worth the money.  I would recommend looking elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out very well, but the later chapters are pretty much non-fiction.  The author tries to explain his own theory of how he came to be a Catholic.  This theory involves his wife.  He is not a Catholic at all.  It's a very shallow and contrived story.  There are other books by other authors that are better.  I don't think anyone can seriously argue for this book.  If you really want to know what it is, read some of the essays by other Catholics. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a little too short and the characters too shallow to keep it interesting. The characters were really just background to the story and the events that took place were just thrown in for the sake of being there. It is not a bad story, but it is a very short story compared to what you would expect from a novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with the premise that "all humans are good and evil" in this book.  It seems to be based upon the idea that we all share a similar background and experiences.  But we are not all the same.  We are not even all the people who are currently alive.  There are many different levels of life, and the book seems to suggest that there are "good" and "bad" humans, which is not correct.  As an example of this, it states that the reason for the "fall" of Atlantis was because of a "fever" and not because of the "evil" humans that created it.  I believe that the "fear" of "evil," which the author seems to equate with "evil-wish," should be directed at the evil humans who are destroying the planet and who are trying to turn it into a "waste" planet.  The author seems unaware of the fact that the Earth is already in a state of "wastage" and that humanity is already on its deathbed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't see how this book can be taken seriously by the popular audiences.  The plot is nothing more than an excuse to throw in some character development.  I was just reading for pleasure and I got lost quickly and the plot didn't make any sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have seen many books on the subject of the history of Islam and I have to say I'm not very impressed with this one.  It is just too long.  The first 150 pages are so much of the same material that it is hard to know where the author began and where the reader stopped.  I don't know why anyone would waste time reading this.  If you want a good book on the history and religion of Islam, check out the new book by M.J. Watt and his coauthors on the topic of Islam. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was very repetitive and boring.  The book is over a hundred pages, which is too much for a novel.  There is a section with a description of the characters, but the plot is so one-sided that it could be easily ignored.  If you want to read a bad novel, this is not the book to do it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never buy another book by him again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with my children (ages 9-11) in junior high school and it made me sad.  It had some interesting ideas but the story was not interesting.  I don't think I have ever read a book so poorly written and so lacking in detail.  You don't learn anything in this book.  The characters were boring and uninteresting.  There were a couple of scenes that I did not like and then the story started to get boring and I stopped reading.  Overall this book was a disappointment.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  But the characters seemed so shallow, I felt I was wasting my time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time. It's boring, and the characters all sound the same.  It's hard to believe there is even one character who is interesting.  I wish this was just a fluke.  The story could be interesting, but the plot is so predictable.  This author needs to take a long, long look in the mirror 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books and have read very few of them in print form.  This is the only one I found truly disappointing.  It is very slow, boring, and very repetitive.  I could have done without the chapters on history and I am not even sure why.  The stories are not interesting.  However, I did like the sections on politics, philosophy, and religion.  If it were not for the fact that it was a bestseller in the early 20th Century, I would have given this book a positive review.  Otherwise, I cannot say that it is a bad electronic device.  But it does not capture the essence of the people who lived in the 1800's.  There are a number of good books out there, this is not one of them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published by a reputable book publisher and the title alone had me convinced that I'd be able to read it, but it turns out that the author had a very superficial knowledge of the topic, and the book is so far from clear and concise that I found myself constantly looking for additional information, which I had to leave out in order to understand the subject sufficiently. The book also suffers from an extremely dry, almost non-existent prose style. The title is so vague as to make it almost impossible to tell if there are any rules to this book, and if there is, why are there no rules on how to write a book? The book could be more useful to the reader if it had been published in a more accessible manner, such as a dictionary. It's a shame to see such a good book, which has been available for many years now, so poorly produced 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for the average reader. I would have preferred a more comprehensive study of the early Christian movement.  I would not have enjoyed this book for its chronological presentation.  As for the "authority" arguments, I would like to see a better book by the same author (E.G. J.B. Mclachlan).  The book is written in a way that is almost too casual.  The information in this book is either not presented, not presented in a format that is understandable or presented with too many words.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very confusing. It took me forever to get to the end and even more time to put the names and dates of each book.  It was not easy to put it all together.  The last section had me stumped and looking for an answer.  I did not like this book.I think the author wanted to make this book an educational book. I would never write a book like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the book, go ahead and buy it. But the plot in this one is so confusing. It makes you wish the author had just kept on writing without trying to be more complicated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't know what to make of this book.  It was boring.  The characters were unoriginal.  I was disappointed with the amount of plot and character development.  For a book that claims to be about the early history of Christianity, it was a lot of exposition and little actual history.  There was some character development, but the main characters were the same ones in other Christian texts.  Too much of a hagiography about the Virgin Mary, too much emphasis on her miracles.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will agree with all the negative reviews that I am so disappointed in this book.  I would like to say that I was wrong to give this book a negative rating.  The book did not offer anything new or surprising, but it was the only one I read.  However, I cannot explain the reasons for this book's poor performance.  It seems to me that there was a negative judgment that I have made towards it, or maybe some other person who I have offended.  So I apologize to the author, who I feel may not be a bad writer, and I apologize for giving this book such a negative response 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very confusing.  It is a mixture of facts and opinions, and not an objective piece of history.  The author is also very biased towards the British and the British have always been bad.  I wouldn't recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an absolute disaster. I read it and found it to be a lot of nonsense. I can see why so many people like it. I've read a number of similar books and they've all been quite good. But this one was a complete failure. I really can't see how the author could have gotten it so wrong. There's no character development. It's a whole bunch of characters who are only there to be exploited. It seems like the author just decided to go along with it and hope that people will accept the nonsense as truth. The only reason I could write negative reviews about a good book is that I wanted to see how far the author can get with his fantasy. If he can't get it that far, then I'll give him a negative book review. I just can't believe how many other authors would write such a stupid book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewer. It's a shame that the book has been out of print.  The writing is dry and boring.  It's hard to keep the reader interested in the story when there's no real action or plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  I have no idea why the author wrote it.  He spends way too much time in a lot of detail about his own thoughts and opinions on religion and theism.  The book is very dense.  It could be because he has been studying religion all his life and just writes down what he thinks about it....but then again, I do not think he is a religious man.  Religion has to be studied in depth, not in a quick and easy way like this.  If you want to know more about what a religious person is thinking, read the Bible or some of the philosophers and thinkers of the past 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a story about the birth of the nation.  Instead I got a book that is full of useless info on the birth.  In fact, the author states that this was a national emergency and needed immediate attention.  If that's true, we need immediate help, not a book about it.  I would not recommend this book.  It is just another rehashing of the same tired old information that people have been writing for years.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with a lot of the same ideas as the "I Am a Woman" book written by Gloria Steinem.  I can't believe anyone is reading this and expecting something different.  It is very sad.  If Gloria Steiner had written this book she would have saved herself a lot more trouble 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a big fan of the book, but I do not want to waste my time on it.  The author does not know what he is talking about.  It is a mixture of fantasy, mythology, magic and mythology, and nothing new.  I would advise you to skip this book unless you are an avid reader.  However, if you like fantasy or mythology, I would suggest reading the first two volumes of The Lord of the Rings, as it is a very good book, especially for those who do not know Tolkien's work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very interesting concept, but the execution leaves a lot to be desired. The main plotline takes a long time to get started. The book starts with some very interesting ideas and then quickly goes downhill. It is very confusing at times and not very interesting. The author tries to be entertaining and funny at times but it gets a bit tedious. The last part of the book, which is a little more interesting, is the final chapter. It's a very boring end to a very uninteresting book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was pretty hard to read, and the book is written in such a way that you would expect it to be an easy read.  The writing was quite funny, but I just felt the book was boring.  There were quite a few typos in this book.  A few times I had to skip over pages just to catch a reference.  Overall, the book had a lot of repetition, but it didn't make for a good book to read.The author really needed to go back and change up her writing style if she wanted to write a better book.The book really was just too hard to get through, and I felt the author did not have the skills to write this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bad book.  It starts off with a very interesting premise, and then it goes downhill from there.  There are so many mistakes, so many times it seems that there are no more answers, just questions.  I do not know why the author has spent so much time on this topic.  He does not seem to have any understanding of either history or philosophy.  His book is a disappointment, and it is a shame that so many young readers are wasting their time on it.  The most depressing part of this book is the fact that he gives so much attention to the subject of why it is that people do not have sex.  You do not even need to read this book to know that this is a problem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a funny book with a bit of sex to it, go ahead. But this book does not do it. Instead, the main character is very flat.  A story that might be funny, but isn't.  The main characters are not very funny at all.  I just wanted to skip over this book and find a good book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have a degree in English literature and I am very well read.  I do not agree with the title nor the premise.  The first few chapters are a very confusing, and repetitive, attempt to get the reader to accept some new ideas.  There is a very weak character in the story.  She is very weak and one would have thought that a girl in her situation would have some strength, not just be a helpless victim.  It seems that this book has been written by some school-teacher who thinks that there is something that can be learned from the very little that is known about rape and sexual abuse.  This book was a complete waste of time and I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book before I could even begin to write.  It is filled with cliches, clichés and one or two good ideas.  I cannot say enough bad things about this book.  The idea that this book is about the American people is pure Bunk.  This book is a farce.  Don't waste your time reading this book!  It will not help you and is in fact, a waste of your time.  You should not waste your money on this book, unless you have read all the other books on this subject.  If you want to learn a little about the people in the United States, this book will do the job, but if you want something to take your mind off your daily troubles and worries, do not waste any more time on this.  Save your money and find another book. I am ashamed to have wasted my time reading it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a college professor who has written several books and have a couple of chapters on a variety of topics.  I found this book to be very tedious and difficult to understand.  The book's conclusion was not very helpful.  Overall, I would not recommend this book.  It is quite difficult to put a positive review about this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring. There were a couple of interesting ideas in there, but the story itself was very flat.  I could not believe it was written by a self-published author with no bookselling experience.  She was very well-meaning, but it just felt very lacking in ideas.  The plot was so boring.  But the book was only published a few months ago, so it is probably worth a look if you like reading books.  However, this book was published by a non-author, so she must be quite busy with her own writing.  It will be hard to believe that a nonfiction book written by such a inexperienced writer could get away with a negative rating like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems that everyone agrees that these are very boring stories, but that's not true.  If you want to see a boring plot, read the book by Ray Bradbury, "The Illustrated Man".  It's a great book, but it's not exactly what you think it is 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is very slow. I found myself wishing for more information.  The subject matter is very basic and lacks detail.  I wish this book was more interesting.  It is also very basic, as the author tries to get across basic information with a great deal of thought.  However, the author is a great writer.  If you are new to the world of health and wellness, this book will give you the basics but may not be enough to get you started.  One reason I did not like this book is the lack of actual nutrition facts.  Another reason is the author's lack of interest in the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not understand how this book became such a hit for so many people.  I cannot understand the popularity of this book.  If this book were written by a real doctor, it would be a very different book.I think the real problem is that the book was written in such a hurried manner that the author did not even have time to research the medical issues of this time period.  It is not a book that is based on facts, but rather an opinion piece.  This book would not have been written at all if it had been done properly 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very hard to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring.  The chapters are all over the place, the author is not very clear.  There is no sense of urgency, it is not really a story of the apocalypse, it's more a piece about how to survive in the apocalypse 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers that this book lacks depth.  If you want to learn how to write a good book, read the ones by M.L. King or John Gardner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. It was boring. I had no idea how this book could be considered to be a "best book" in the world.  It was just another book with some very basic information, like "who killed JFK".  If you want a book that tells you all you want to know about JFK's death, look elsewhere.  The facts in this book are so sketchy and so un-emphatic, I would recommend skipping this book and going to "Gulf of Life" instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a lot of books on economics, but this one was the worst I have ever read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in 1996 and it is dated.  I don't know why the author wrote this book when he had so much other good books to choose from.  Maybe he just got a bad review.  The story is a bit slow paced and I would like to see more action.  It could be that I read the first chapter and then found it to be boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story about the last of the Vikings is a long-winded, overly sentimental, and very shallow story.  It begins with the main character, a woman named Bjorni, and then proceeds to describe how she and her husband, the legendary Viking, were killed.  The Viking saga is a story of love, adventure, and romance, and it certainly has its place in literature, but it is not the best book in the series.  I was expecting a more interesting tale, such as the story of how the Viking's warriors defeated the evil Saxons, and what the Vikings did to them.  If the main characters were truly heroic, then I would be impressed by the strength of their quest to become a Viking.  But they are not, and the ending, which does not make much sense, is extremely disappointing.  In the final battle, the Viking warriors were slaughtered, but Bjorn I, Bjorn II, and Bjorn III did not fight.  Instead, they were killed by their own troops.  That is not a heroic story, and I do not understand how it could be taken as such 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of time. It was boring, repetitive, and it really made me feel stupid because it took me so long to finish the book. I really felt I needed to finish it before I could get to the next one. It took me forever to finish and I'm really disappointed with it. The plot was really stupid. It made me wonder why this book was so hard to get through.  It was really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't finish this book.  I will be returning it for the next one.  This is not a bad story, but I have to wonder why the author felt the need to include all the references.  They are simply too much.  The author also includes all the descriptions in a few paragraphs, and I don't know what the author's reasoning was for that.  Perhaps the author had no clue what she was doing.  But the description of the book is far too detailed.  Too much is said about the book, and the characters are too much alike to even try to keep track of who is who.  Maybe if the author wrote a negative book about a good book, she would have chosen to describe it in detail.  A good book is something that can be read from beginning to end, and this one has more than the average number of pages.  If this book is read by someone who hasn't read anything yet, I don' believe they will enjoy it.  Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book. But it is NOT for those who want to be a realist.  I am so sick of these books and the whole trend of'realism' - it has gone too far!  If you like to make predictions, read the book.  If not, stay away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is like the movie "The Secret of Kells".  The story is interesting but it is far too much about the "heroes".  I am a true fan of the book.  But it has to be a chore to read the descriptions of the characters.  I wanted to know what the characters were thinking, what their motivation was.  The "hero" was not the reader.  It was the writer's character.  So the book became almost a "quest" for me.  We all want to know, who is the hero?  It seems like a simple question, but it isn't.  If I wanted a plot, I would have read a more realistic book.If you want a story, read a good book.but the author just doesn't deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a retired college professor.  I have read all of his other books.  However, I cannot say I am very satisfied with this one.  If you are interested in historical fiction, this is not for you.  For me, this book is a waste of money.  It is boring.  You may be tempted to like it, but there is nothing in it to get you to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot of this book is extremely boring, and the plot twistes don't work. There's no reason to read this book other than as a quick way to get to the next book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book, but I was disappointed. It was not that the book was bad, it just wasn't that good.   I am not a fan of history books, but this book was very, very dated.  There were no new discoveries to discuss, so it was very dry and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very basic book, not much more than a short story with some information and no pictures. It also has lots of typos and very little plot. There are many pictures and lots of plot in this book, but it really isn't much better than the previous books. It really just serves to make you feel sorry for a simple book, which is a pity because I would have appreciated some more detail and better plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book first in English before I started studying in Japan and was really looking for something more interesting.  I really wanted to know more about this book but I can't say I was impressed.  It was a total waste of time.  The only thing I could say for it is that it was a waste of money.  If you want a more interesting book, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know how anyone could be so stupid as to read this book.  It's like reading a book on the internet with a picture of a rabbit.  The rabbit is there to lure you in, but once you get to the point where you know what's going on the rabbit dies.  Why don't the rabbits just stand around and do nothing?  You know what?  Just go buy the book. I'm not buying this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very long book that really doesn't provide any information on the "why" behind the "what" behind UFOs.  This book does not even attempt to explain what may have caused this phenomenon.  In fact, this book does nothing but talk about the phenomenon without providing the reasoning behind why.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  It is really a waste of time, as it provides no information at all.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book and it didn't make any sense.  The premise was that we needed to see a picture of what the world is like.  But when you actually look at the pictures, you find that the world really isn't as bad as everyone thinks.  I think the idea was to have a picture to look at.  So they throw in lots of people to represent the various countries and areas of the world.  These are usually from the rich countries, who have the most to worry about.  It's a bad idea to do that.  There are many pictures of poverty and starvation, but in a lot of the pictures the poor people are depicted in extreme conditions.  You need to look around you and see for yourself.  This book is just one more attempt to sell us a book.  And I think it will do the same thing in the future 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think there are any more boring or tedious chapters in this book.  This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  If you read this book, be careful because it is not very fun to read.The title tells you a lot, but the plot is not so interesting.  It is a long way from the "Hobbit" series.  The book has very little action.  You need a lot more action than you can get in "The Hobbit" series to make it interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have read by a friend of mine that has not made me want to throw it away.  The title is a dead giveaway.   I do not know who this person is or what his motivation is for writing this book.  I would have recommended something else, but I am not willing to do so until I get my money back 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most boring and predictable.  It takes place mainly in one location and the characters get very little in the way of development.  The plot was also not that original, with the author wanting to write a romantic love story.  I expected something better from him, but that was just not there.  What a waste of time!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very confusing. In fact, if I had to choose a book to read that would help me learn Chinese, I would go for "A Chinese Reader" by Michael Chum. But I am not Michael Chums, so I will try this book.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was not that much fun, and the ending left a bit of a negative taste.  It is a book that I would not recommend to any reader.  I would give it a 2 if it was for the sake of humor, but I would also give it 1 or 3 if it were for the interest of a good book.  Overall I would rate it a 1.5. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book.  I was very confused with the title, the format, and the amount of detail.  This book was really just a list of "things you do in order to survive."  I would not recommend this book for anyone looking for survival strategies.  The first couple chapters were very interesting and I could see the author wanting to talk about some of the strategies that he and his family had used.  However, after that it became a list for people who were in the "survival business" rather than survivalists.  Most people in the survival business are not looking to survive for the next generation, but they are looking for a way to be successful and happy.  Survival is not the main goal, but rather a means to an end.  If you are looking to "survive", go to a survival book: "Survival in a Freezing Country: How to Survive in the Arctic", "A Field Guide to Wilderness Survival", "Bible of Survival", or "How to Survive".  If "surviving" means "not dying", I am sure that some of your books would be "right up your alley".  This is NOT survivalism, this is not a survivalist's book, this book is for people looking for ideas.  It would be great if someone at Amazon.com could change the title to something more accurate, I have been looking for an alternative title for a while 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If this book is meant to be a guide to how to handle a case, I am disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bit of a waste of time and not very helpful to the reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I've read this. I really don't know what's wrong with it. It seems like an attempt to create a believable fantasy story. However, the characters are so stereotypical, I have a hard time believing they actually lived in the world they described.  The only reason I gave it four stars was because it gave me a chance to see a young heroine come of age. However it does not give her much background. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of useless, meaningless info. The author does not explain anything. I do not understand the logic behind this book. It does not help the reader to know anything.  It is very hard to keep up with everything that is explained in this book, if you want to get through it!  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  If you want information on the subject of guns, go to www.gunlaw.org 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a good book, but it was not. It was very technical, very boring, and very repetitive.  It had many pictures that looked alike and most of the story lines were the same, which made it hard to keep track of.  I would have been better with the earlier books of the series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with what others have said about the book. It was boring. I do not agree with the use of a bad term like "The American Way" and it was a tad too vague and one of the many reasons I would have preferred the more "detailed" books I have read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sad story, and not worth the effort to read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of this book is a waste of time. I was not able to finish it. I do not know why there are so many negative reviews about it. It was very boring, and there was little in the way of substance. I am not a huge fan of this author, but I was disappointed in this book. I don't think it was worth the money to buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several of these books and I feel they were just recycled material from other writers. The writing style is repetitive and the story doesn't hold up. The story was interesting to me, but I felt like the plot didn't follow the characters as much as it did in previous books. The ending was a bit anticlimactic. I would recommend a different book: I have read all of this books, but don't feel I can do any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is basically an extended version of the lectures given at a retreat by the author and his wife.  I had heard him speak about it on many occasions, and was eager to read it.  In fact, I took it to a retreat and was horrified at the content.  The content is simply appalling, and I would not have purchased the book had I known what I was about to read.  If you want to learn about a good book, please buy The Making of a Great Country by Gary Kohn, or even The Great American Nation by Gary Hart, both books by respected historians who have done much more than just teach, but who also have the courage to write about their ideas with passion and accuracy.  You won't like what you read here either 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring. I wish I had seen a better book. It could have been a better work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is quite predictable. The plot is almost too simplistic to be believable.  There is no character development in this book.  The protagonist is a total stranger to the world.  In fact, the character development was so bad that the reader could not tell who the antagonist was.  I feel like I just wasted my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not one to complain about books. I just want to say this book was not for me.  I thought the book would have helped me more to understand the early Christians.  Instead I got confused, confused, and confused.  What a shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been on the lookout for a good book on Chinese history for a long time and this one is the last thing I thought I would ever want to buy.  The book has too much emphasis on politics and too little on the real historical facts.  I found the historical details in the introduction to be irrelevant and the rest of the book was nothing.  In fact, the only one of the chapters I would consider useful is the chapter on the Taiping Rebellion, which makes the whole thing seem so far fetched as to be laughable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring, predictable, and not interesting at all.  I wouldn't read it again, and probably won't read anything by this author again.  It really is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book.  The story is the same as the one in the previous book, but without the same depth and detail.  A lot of the characters just seemed to hang around and talked about what happened in the past.  This is not a good book to read if you are new to science fiction.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book boring. It had lots of pages that were either dull or pointless. I wish I had bought it before I read all the other books on this list! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first chapter starts with the narrator's name, which I thought was odd.  The narrator is a little vague as to what he's supposed to be saying.  I would've liked a little more background before jumping into the main plot.  It's very hard to follow and I lost my interest pretty quickly.  Overall I'd say that this book is more entertaining than informative.  However, the author is a bit of a hick.  This book is a quick read but not very well done.  If you like horror movies this is a good book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just plain stupid.  There were no details that I could remember, nor did I understand anything.  I could have been more specific, but I don't like to spend a lot of time on the internet.  The book was a complete waste of time.  Not a single character got a chance to stand out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long, boring, and full of references.  It is very difficult to read and I wish I hadn't wasted my time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so boring and not worth the money.  I would not suggest anyone go to this book if they are looking for a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for anyone, if you have any doubts about what is required to become a real book writer.  There are some great examples in this book but most of them are from books that are not so much novels, they are simply collections of short stories that may or may not have been published, yet they have been given names, such as 'N.R.G. & A.A.'  I wouldn't even suggest this book if you were looking for an immediate solution to your problems.  You might want to try 'The Writer's Handbook' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by an aspiring writer who felt it necessary to make her novel more "real" by giving the characters real names.  It also gave the author a lot of information on how to write a novel.  I really did not see any evidence of the "plot" which I have come to expect in such novels.  In fact, it was just a tedious story.  There were just so many pages I could not finish reading.  Not to mention, it did not make me any smarter than the characters in the book.  The story would have been more enjoyable if I had read it first.  What an amateur!  I would recommend this book to no one, and for anyone else to avoid 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book.  But this is a poor book. I am just disappointed that it did not turn out the way I expected.  I have enjoyed many of his books, but this one was just not interesting.  The book is written in a sort of rambling manner, and it does not explain any of the information that is needed to make sense of it.  It is very hard to stay interested in the book after the first 50 pages or so.  There are many questions left unanswered.  This book will not turn anyone on to what he was trying to do with the information in it, because it is not explained in a coherent manner.  If this book had been written by someone that knew what he knew and who was more skilled than I, this book would have been great.  However, it is written by a person that does not know what he knows, so this book will be very disappointing to anyone that would want to learn more about this book than just a basic review about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a funny book but it was boring and predictable. The plot was weak and the dialogue was boring. The characters were just flat and the plot itself was repetitive. I think the author just couldn't write a good book.  I wish I had read it sooner. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very disappointing. The characters were not believable.  The plot was not exciting.   The ending was very abrupt. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very difficult for me to get into this book, but I did.  I was more or less expecting something that would keep me on the edge of my seat.  But it did not.  There were some really nice ideas and concepts presented and presented very well, but the prose was a bit heavy and repetitive, the story seemed a bit too easy and the ending was a little too convenient 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and lacks any plot. The characters are generic and boring. The plot and the main theme is a little too slow, but there are many other interesting ideas in this book. However, it does lack a proper ending. The ending lacks tension and really feels like a negative ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read so many good books on the history of Europe and America, and I have found it hard to believe this one was not an excellent, but unfortunately it was not.  I am not a historian or a political scientist, I just like to read about history.  This was the weakest of the three books I read in college.  The main reason I can not give it five stars is because I could not put the book down.  It was too difficult.  However, the information is there, and it was too easy for me to fill in the missing bits and pieces to the history.I am not one for books that are too difficult to put down, but this one could not hold my attention.  If it were easy to read, I would have loved it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of clichés and lacks any substance. I will have to use this book as an example of how to not write a book, rather than as a book I will use as an inspiration for a book on writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of pages after the introduction, you realize that the book is not for the general public 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't think there are any more "Gossipy" books out there, especially in the romance genre, and if there are I'll be very happy.  I would have loved to have seen a more complete and well-thought out story than this one.  It is just plain dull.  The characters are pretty one-dimensional and the plot is just dull and not really worth mentioning.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I read this. I've read many books by Dr. Robert C. Newman, and I've never read anything like this. The plot is not compelling at all, and the author's descriptions of each of the characters is not very convincing. I had no idea how I would feel about the end of the world. The ending is not a happy one, but I guess it is a necessary evil. I really didn't enjoy this book. I have given it a hard time and will continue to do so until the book is finished. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think I have to agree with Mr. Ehrman. It is a pity that so many people have bought it and it is a real shame that so much ink has been spilled on it.  The author has done a very poor job of explaining the basics of how to be a good student.  It is not a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not too sure what the author was thinking with this one. The book was mostly a collection of personal experiences and opinions.  I wouldn't be surprised if the author is a Christian and wanted to write a negative book about some negative experiences that he had.  But it was too long for that.  A lot of people have commented on the author's ignorance on some important subjects.  It's also true that some of his examples are not quite relevant.  He would have been better off putting a few references to the Christian faith.  His opinion on a good book can't be that bad.  If you are a Christian (which I assume you are) and are looking for a positive book, look elsewhere.  Otherwise, stay away from this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just boring.  It lacks any depth or insight, and it just feels like it is trying too hard to sell a book.  I would give it a miss if I could get past the fact that the book is a collection of quotations.  The quotes are quite interesting, but the book lacks any sort of structure.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and I have to agree with the reviewers.  I thought it was a bit boring and it was quite clear from the beginning that this was the only one of the four that was going to get the book published.  There was some plot and some characters, but they were all the same as in the other two books.  The plot, I have said, was not exciting.  As for the characters, I didn't care for any of them.  It seemed that each character had to have something else going on that would get the other characters to change their attitude about him/her.  But I thought the characters were interesting and I enjoyed reading them.I was not very fond of the book as a whole, but I was not really disappointed by it either.  All the other books that were being published were a better read and better books. I would not have purchased this one if I had not been invited to read the others.  If I was ever going to read another of the series, I would buy them all and I don't think that this book is worth the trouble.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a bit misleading, as this is not a collection of stories. The stories are told from the viewpoint of a young girl who is in love with her uncle and wants to get away from her family and live with him. However, when she gets to the big city, she meets a man named J, who she thinks is a friend.  I wish I had known that. I found the story very boring.  The characters do not seem to have any depth or personality.  There are some scenes that are funny, but they are not enough to make the book worthwhile 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to get into the world of the Zorro, as the title suggests.  I have seen much more detail in some of the other books on the same subject, but this one has a very hard time bringing it all together.  It would have been nice to have been able to get to know all the Zors from Zorros to Zorquoi to Zobrist, as they are all connected by the main character, the "hero" Zorobot, or, as some call him, "the Great Zorrot".  The main character Zorrod has been portrayed as a very likable character, however, the author gives Zorrondo a lot of background information.  Unfortunately, that does not come across very well in this book.  The plot is very predictable, however it is very well paced.  A lot of the chapters are either too short or too long, which results in a very boring read.  But overall it is a hard book to read.I will never read another book by Michael Paternoster again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very basic review of the book: This book is just boring and pointless. I was hoping to learn something more from it, but I will not waste my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not interesting. The characters were not memorable. I found the plot quite tedious. The story was very predictable. The ending was not satisfying. I did not like this book at all. It was very confusing. The author was trying to tell a very complicated story, but he did not deliver. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know how many other people read this, but it is a real shame that the author didn't bother to actually write it.  There are so many pages, I can't even keep track.  It is like an assembly of random ideas.  I have read many of his books, and I don`t find anything new in them, but this is a major disappointment.  He has a knack for writing catchy, catchy ideas, but he doesn't know when to stop and try something new.  If you are looking for a quick read, this is the book for you.  But for a serious student of history, I recommend a different author.  His books have been published by Penguin, but I don\'t think they will sell very many copies 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never suggest reading this book.  I find it very difficult to follow its instructions.  It would be a huge waste of time.  The author seems to have no idea how to go through this book and make it interesting.  If you want to read this book, please go through it again.  For those of us who have had to do so many times and not found a good book, I suggest this book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been looking for an insightful look at a bad electronic device, but the author's basic approach to the problem (read: "measure" the problem) is not very helpful.  It seems to be a case of "I want to explain something to you  so you'll say what I'm saying is  wrong ", but I have no idea why this device (measure) is so "problematic" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a retired English professor, not a book collector, so I have not yet seen any of these books, which are usually available in bookstores and other such places.   I have purchased a couple of them in the past.  These books are very dry and boring.  They are also filled with a lot of needless explanations and anecdotes, which is not very useful.  The stories are also not very funny.  A couple of the stories are funny, but not the stories that I was expecting.  It seems as if the authors are not experienced enough to write the book that they have so obviously written.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not recommend this book to anyone.  The story is repetitive, predictable and uninteresting.  I found it very hard to keep track of the various characters, all of which were quite well defined, but could be described as "villains" by the author.  This book was a slog to read, and the book could have been better with a more active plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of unnecessary, unnecessary, redundant details. I have to agree with the book reviewers that the book was a waste of time. I'm sure it was a fun read for some, but for me it was more like a nightmare.  It's just too much detail and not much that I want to remember 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to learn something new about this subject, you can read the reviews on the books I've listed below. If you really want to know what the real problem with Christianity is, I suggest reading David Hume's "A Treatise on the Principles of Morals and Politics". It will be more interesting to you if you're not as ignorant as I was, and it will probably be more enjoyable too 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little boring.  The idea is intriguing, however, and it could have been more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book, but it was the book that made me think I needed to read it. It's boring and repetitive and just another attempt by one of the authors to make a book out of the stories of his friends.  The story of the murder of a young man by his own mother is one of those I thought could have been handled better and made more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a long book, but it does not help much.  It was very boring.  I am not sure if this book is about a person who is trying to become a Christian, or about someone who wants to know how to become one.  Maybe it is about someone trying to find a church to belong to, or to join a church, or some sort of membership, etc., etc.  The author doesn't tell you anything about how to actually live a Christian life, much less how to be a Christian.  But maybe it is something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I could give this book a bad review it would be this: I was very disappointed in this book.  I wanted to read a good book on the subject.  Instead I found this book to be a poor book.I think it would have been better if the author had actually researched and written a book on this topic.  If there is a better book I would like to see it.  He seems to be the same as other authors I have read on this subject.The author goes to great lengths to try and get his facts straight.  In fact he goes out of his way to try to explain things in a way that is wrong.  His book has many errors that I am sure will turn many away from the subject, I just don't think it will be for the reader.  It is very difficult to write a negative book on a bad one.  But I don't like it either.  The book starts out with the impression that there are no guns in the United States.  We have gun laws in this country and have for years.  So it is only natural that people think there are few guns.  Well, not so.  Guns are very common in the US.  And the laws have been changed many times to try prevent people from having them.  Many times it has been necessary to have a weapon in order to protect yourself and others.  This book is misleading on this point and needs to be corrected 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than a bunch of pages of pictures of the people who have been on the receiving end of an abusive relationship.  It is not worth the time or effort to read.  I hope to find a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will admit that I have read this book before and I was actually quite pleased with it.  I do however now believe that it has nothing to offer and I would have to agree with all the other reviewers who have been left with a negative impression of the book.  It is quite obvious that this book is meant to be used as an excuse to make a quick buck.  The story line was actually interesting and I think that this writer should have at least attempted to put a positive spin on it rather than simply passing it off as a work of fiction.  However it is a shame to waste the effort of trying to be positive when the author could have made an entire book out of this story.  This story line should have been interesting enough to warrant the effort to make it into a good book, rather than just a quick profit for some quick cash.  Hopefully, this author will now consider the consequences of his actions and hopefully take his own advice.  Perhaps there is something in the book that I am missing, but I will be keeping a close eye on the author and see what he does with his next story line.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring.  The author really needs to start writing a better book.  A story of friendship is not enough to write a bad novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with an open mind and after some time, I realized that the story isn't very interesting. It is more like a boring, repetitive story that goes over and over the same information. I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the absolute worst. I mean the absolute WORST book I've ever read. The plot is very predictable, the characters are boring and the ending was really lame. I was sick and tired of reading this book after I finished reading "The Secret Life of a Young Adult". I was actually surprised how the story ended because I had a feeling it would be more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have any more negative reviews on this book.  I think the author should try another novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had been looking for a good book on the evolution of human civilization, and I got a book that was boring and hard to follow.  But the title alone can lead one to believe that this is an evolution book.  There are plenty of excellent books on the history of humans, but I suggest the ones by Carl Sagan, Richard Dawkins, and P.Z. Myers.  If you want to learn about the evolution, look elsewhere.  I will be returning to this book when I am finished reading it, and will probably return it to the library as a bad electronic device.  It's a shame that so many intelligent people have come to believe in such a myth, since it was very useful to their scientific studies.  Evolution, as an evolutionary theory, is not a fact.  In my opinion, it is a myth.  Darwinism, the theory that humans and other species have evolved from other species, is a fact, but not an evolutionary fact.I hope the authors will be able to rethink their conclusions and publish another book on evolution.  The first one, the best book on this subject, is "The Blind Watchmaker: The Rise of Human Civilization", by Stephen Jay Gould, and it can be purchased online 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to anyone, unless they are familiar with some of the history.  There is very little historical context or detail in this book.  The book goes on and on and the events are very vague.  I found the author to be very uninformed.  He mentions the fact that it was a long-time ago when the book was first written and how it may have been different in some areas then.  It is interesting to see how the author tries to justify his theories in this.  In his case, the "rediscovery" of the American Indians and the "white man's burden" (which he is quick to define) is a theory that was clearly rejected in the past and does not explain the present.  This book is more of a history of an area than a history book.I would give this book a negative rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring.  The author, Richard Hughes, was a writer and was well known for his books on the Beatles.  However, I don't want to read his book because it's about a man, not a Beatles song.  His book is not the same as those other books.  I'd like to read the book by the Beatles themselves and not read Hughes.  Hughes was a very interesting guy and I really enjoyed reading him.  If you are a Beatles fan you will not like Hughes's book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was pretty funny, but the plot was nothing special.  I would have been more interested in the characters.  But the author didn't know when he should have started.  A few pages were interesting and then the book was over.  Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time and space.  I was never really interested in reading it.  The characters were all stereotypes and the plot was predictable.  There was no explanation as to why or what the plot is really about.  If I read this book at all I would only like it as a piece of literature, not a history book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  It is not funny or informative, and it is not well written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book about 2 years ago and I was not impressed. The plot was a bit contrived, the characters were boring, and the story was a total drag.  I think this book was not very well done 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative review, but I'm a big fan of Robert Fulghum.  This book is a big yawner.  It just is.   It is full of irrelevant facts and not at all entertaining.  The pictures are not as beautiful as the stories.  If you want to learn more about what really happened on the Titanic, this is a good book.  But I would say that if you want the story, this one is a little better.  A little too serious, yes, but at least it is interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little too vague for my taste. The descriptions could be better. The plot is so dull that it is easy to forget what the plot is actually about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of crap.  The characters are so flat, so one-dimensional, so much like caricatures that the reader is unable to care about them.  In fact, this book is one of the worst I have ever read.  I don't think it has any place in the school curriculum.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been looking for a good book about the war for years and have been waiting for someone who can write an authoritative account.  This one was not it.  I will not buy another one and I do not think that I will ever be a good war correspondent.  The book does not explain why the US lost.  It gives little or no insight into why the Americans are fighting.  Too much focus is on the wrong enemy.  There are many mistakes made by the author and there are some very obvious statements that should be challenged.  He gives no explanation why the Army fought the Germans in the way they did.  In some cases he makes statements that are simply wrong.  His treatment of the Vietcong is also very one sided.  A large portion of the book is devoted to the Vietnam War and its negative impact on the country.  As an army veteran I find this book offensive and distasteful.  Please do not publish this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a collection of short stories that I would never have read if not for the book's title.  I'm not a huge fan of short story collections, so I was expecting a different story each one, but alas, I got two stories that were completely opposite in theme and style.  This book would have been better if it had been a longer novel that explored the themes and ideas in a bit more depth.  It's just a bunch of stories that could have been done better in the right context 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so poorly written and poorly written. I will never buy another book from this author again. I wish I had learned some of the tricks he used. The tricks that I learned I will not use again in my writing. I am glad to see some of these tricks listed in the book, but I am disappointed with the book as a whole 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of time.  The first half was great, the second half was not.  I am glad I took time out of my busy schedule to read this book, but I will not bother reading another one of this series.  A good book, it was not a good book.  This is one of the most tedious and tedious books I have ever read.  Do not waste your time reading this book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very slow and boring. The plot was not interesting at all, the characters were dull, the setting was bland, and the ending was unsatisfying. The story itself was not original, and it had to be the author's first attempt at a novel. I was not entertained at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author really makes it difficult to follow through.  He gives away too much in the first half to keep you interested and then just dumps it on you.  The story is a long-winded rambling mess of plot and character and not very engaging.  I expected something more engaging than a boring old tale about a lost soul.  There is a lot of character development, but not much action.  One would think a book like this would be more like a mystery, but it's not.  You can see the author's heart in the story, but the heart is not here.  If you are looking for something to get you going in this direction, maybe go for a mystery instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a history of American literature.  The names of authors are given for the reader to refer to.  It is the author's attempt to describe American literary culture by describing and analyzing his own life.  If this were a history book, it would be a wonderful, but not necessarily useful book.  But it is not.  This is a collection of essays, written by a young man who seems to have a very limited grasp on what is and is not literature.A number of the essays are quite amusing, but many are not.There are a few very interesting essays, such as the essay about the history of Shakespearean dramas, which is quite a departure from most of the essay on which it is based, and the essay discussing the development of "genre" in fiction, which I will not discuss here.  I will simply say that this is a very weak book, especially for those who want to become better informed about American literature 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a history book, buy the first or second edition of The Oxford History of the Jews, which was a much better book, but it's very heavy, and it covers the basics of Jewish history and culture.  If your main interest is the history of the Holocaust, read the more general Holocaust Encyclopedia 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the reason this book is so hard to read is that there is no "in-depth" explanation as to why he is writing this book.  He does explain why he wrote it, but I still don't understand why.  I don't know if it is a matter of the "author's" personal style or lack of experience or anything else, but it is very difficult to get past the first paragraph to see what this guy is doing with his book. I have read some other books written by "popular" authors and they have actually helped me to understand things in the book that I had previously thought to be "magic" or "mystical".  I would like to see Mr. Aitken attempt to explain the meaning of his book, instead of just going on about it.  It is almost like a book written by a bunch of idiots, but with the added bonus of having the author's name attached to it. "Magic" is a term that Mr. Abenaki is trying to use in this book, but instead of being able to use it, I think he should have used "magic/mystic" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so much nonsense. I am not a fan of the book and the author.  I have no idea what he is talking about.  If you want to know what it is like to be a gay person, I suggest you go to another book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring. I mean, really boring.  If you are looking for something to read about a vampire that is going to be a little more entertaining then I would recommend checking out the series by Stephenie Meyer.  But this book isn't that.  I could have done without this book.  It's just boring and not that interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never buy a book like this again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a regular reader of Michael Crichton, but this is not his best book.  I did not like the "sociology" aspect of this book, but there are plenty of great ideas in the rest of his books.  This is a disappointing book for the reader to have to slog through.  It is a pity Crichtons book did not win the Nobel Prize.  The subject matter could have been handled a little better, but I think Crichto's style is one that could be used for the next great book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was just reading the title. I didn't even bother to check the author's credentials.  I don't know what he's trying to do.  There are several plot points that seem like they might be possible, but they are never even hinted at.  The writing itself is so confusing that I have trouble remembering it.  A lot of the ideas seem to come from a bunch of different ideas and I had to do my best to keep track of them.  It took me ages to finish it. It really sucked.  If you are expecting something really great then I would strongly suggest skipping this.  For the rest of us, it's not worth the time to get through it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of a few hundred pages that attempt to cover a few different topics with little or no explanation.  In fact, I have to be honest and say I'm not sure I know how to follow the topic of the book.  I'm sure the book was well-designed, but the information in this book is not enough to satisfy an average reader, nor can it explain the different areas that the book covers.  It is an unfortunate book that attempts to cover very little, but without a strong narrative.  The book does have a few interesting ideas, but most of the information is scattered through a confusing, sometimes confusing, text.  Overall, this book was a waste of time and money.  This was not a book that I would recommend to any of my students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't know this book existed until I saw the reviews. It is a complete waste of time and not worth the money for anyone who wants to learn some facts about the history of Rome.  It is basically a series of biographies by one of the author's students, who is not even an actual historian.  I was actually disappointed because I thought this was such a good book!  But the author obviously isn't.  He's just trying to be popular and has resorted to using biographies and quotes to make the history more interesting!  I don't believe the author really knows anything about the Roman Empire.  Instead, he relies on the information that he has gathered.  There is a lack of sources to the actual Roman Empire and, in fact, the author has made an incredibly misleading statement by quoting someone who is known to be biased against the Romans.  The information in this book is very misleading.  If you want to learn about the origins of the Roman empire, I suggest you check out a good textbook: "The Origins of Rome" by David O'Brien 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a collection of short stories with very little character development.  It is not a good book to start a new story.  I would advise skipping this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure that the author intended to write a good book on the subject of a child with an autism spectrum disorder. However, the book is so badly written that it would be very difficult for a parent or teacher to understand it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be the worst book I have ever read. It has all the details about how to handle the job, but no actual tips. I think it is best to just do what you are told to do. If you have any questions about how things work, check out the book on your local bookseller 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book.  I wanted to read it so badly, but it was so hard to do so.  There were so many errors in it that it seemed that it was only meant to be a work of fiction.  It's as if they wanted the book to be too easy, or it was to be so easy that no one would even notice it.  What a horrible book!  I am glad that I didn't have to go through it, but I am very disappointed.  A lot of the characters are not even close to what they are described to be.  Some of them are just like the ones in the book "The Da Vinci Code" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very poor book. I've seen this book reviewed a number of times and have never seen the author make the book any better. It's like the book never existed! The plot is so contrived that it's ridiculous. There's not a single plot point that's interesting or even remotely believable.  It's just another excuse for an author to make up a story. I can't believe the author of this book actually believed this book would sell well, or even survive the marketing efforts of the book's author.  The characters are so shallow that you could easily be fooled into thinking they are real.  I just wish the author could've come up with something more interesting or original than this book.  If you want a more interesting book to read then I would recommend "The Unstoppable" by Steven E. McCall.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of this book is actually quite interesting, but the author seems to get too much into the technical details of how to implement the book. There is a good introduction, but it really should have been a separate part of the book, as I found the technical side to be the most confusing. It is a long book that should have probably been split up into sections, as it would have been easier to read and understand if the book was actually separated into chapters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can understand why someone would write a negative book review about something that's actually not so bad.  But I find it hard to believe that this book, which has been billed as a "classic" for years, really deserves such a high rating.  I don't even know where to begin with it.  It's more like a bad electronic device than anything else.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with some of the reviewers, but I was not enthused by this book. I think it was a little bit long and boring.  The chapters were too repetitive, and it wasn't until the third or fourth chapter where I felt that I was actually being entertained.  I can't see the point in this book because it is not really a novel in the traditional sense.  It is just a collection of quotes and anecdotes that are meant to illustrate the author's opinions on the current state of the art.  You won't find any plot or character development.  This book is a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was actually quite shocked when I finished this book.  The writing was dull and the characters were very flat.  It really could have done with more depth, but the story itself is nothing to write home about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was predictable and the story was slow and boring.  I wish I had skipped it or that the book was more interesting.  This book was not at all what I expected.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very difficult to read.  I think it is not so much the story as it is the writing.  The characters are not that engaging and the plot is very contrived.  It also is not very interesting to read about a bunch of young people who go to visit a town, who seem to be quite lost and who seem at times to be confused and possibly even dangerous.  What I like best is the stories of the people themselves and their reactions to life in the town.  If you really want to read a story, read some of the writings of the townspeople, because they have so much to say about what they do and who they are.  In the end, this book was a very disappointing one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is okay, but it isn't engaging enough to really get me into it. I wanted to read it for its insight into the world of finance, but there wasn't much to get me there.  The characters are flat and uninspiring, and there's not much else going on in this book.  It's just too much background, and not much action.  There was one good thing in it, however - the pictures were excellent.  I would like to see more art by this author, but the lack of art in this is a big part of why I will not finish this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so poorly written and so badly paced that I literally had to put it down in disgust.  The book is almost entirely made up of the first half of the novel, which involves several characters with very little or no development.  These characters are introduced, the reader gets to know them, and then they all fall into the same hole in the plot.  I do not know if the author planned to use this method or not, but I certainly do not feel that it was necessary.  It is a very basic plot, and not one I would recommend to anybody.  If you are looking for something that will entertain you and will get you to finish a book, then this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to create some sort of a plot out of a book full of random ideas, but it is very difficult to get the plot going, especially since he keeps making it impossible for us to understand what's going on. In the first chapter the reader is given the idea that an alien spaceship is attacking Earth, and the reader must decide if this alien spaceship really belongs to an alien race or if it is a member of the human race. In chapter 3 the reader finds out that the alien spaceship was actually a weapon to be used against the aliens on Earth! It seems that the author has the concept of "science fiction" but doesn't know what it means!The plot doesn't help matters any because the book seems to have no direction. The reader never knows where the story is going or how it is going to end. It is very disjointed. It's like the reader has a blank page in front of him, and every page of the book has a different message. In addition, there are many spelling errors. For example, the reader will find it hard to figure out the difference between "crap" and "crappy".  The book is full of errors and it's impossible to understand the entire plot, which leads me to believe that this book was written by a child or a woman. It was never a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a novel for beginners.  It is for experienced readers who are trying to learn to write.  The plot is not very interesting.  I wish I had written this book for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with the premise that the US would be a great place to live if only the right people and government had been put in place. I would have liked to see some more detail about what would have to be done to make it so.  It would have helped if the author had bothered to read some of the papers of the people who lived in the state that they were describing.  There are a lot of them, and not just on the right.  The state was very small and the people did not know it.  Most of the state's wealth and power came from the vast lands that were not their own.  These lands were not theirs to divide.  What I find the most shocking is the lack of detail on how to create a strong economy or a strong military.  I would recommend that the author reads the papers on how the state was created to see what is needed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins by discussing the events of the First World War. The reader quickly learns that there is no historical foundation for this book. The author's bias and lack of historical knowledge are revealed from this book's opening chapters.  The author does not attempt to give the reader an understanding of the causes of the war nor does he attempt to explain why the war continued until the war ended.  In fact, the author gives a very incomplete treatment of this war. It is only through the author's own words that the reader learns that the war was in fact caused by the "Imperialistic" policies of Britain and the United States of America. The rest of this book is either a complete waste of time or it contains no useful information 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure it was a good book, but this was a long-winded and repetitive book, and there wasn't much in it.  I don't really think it needed so much writing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book twice and am currently rereading it.  What a waste!  I agree with some of the criticisms others have made regarding the story, but I don't buy it.In case you haven't noticed, I am a writer by trade.  This book does not make me any better as a writer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of "The Lord of the Rings" books and "The Hobbit" books.  This book was just not what I expected.  It was a pretty boring, overly simplistic and unnecessary story.  I would not buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so looking forward to reading this, that I gave the book a chance to be reviewed before I bought it, expecting that the author would make it interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring. I could not read it. It was just boring. The characters are not interesting. The plot was not interesting at all.  I have read other books that were better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very disappointed with this book.  I did not like the style or content.  There was no clear description or explanation.  The characters seemed unappealing.  Too much time was spent in long descriptive passages without any real plot.  Overall, I think this book was a waste of time.  But I am glad that I read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of people have been doing this for a long time now.  The problem with this book is that it is very much about the "how-to" of writing.  There are some good hints, but nothing that can really be considered an actual writing tutorial.  If you are looking for a guide to the fundamentals of writing, this book might not be the best book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really struggled with this book.  I found it to be incredibly boring and very, very difficult to read.  It was so boring that I actually skipped it after I finished it.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  I read it for a class.  It was interesting, however, as I was doing some basic statistics on different countries, I started to read it with a bit of a negative tone.  We get to the numbers of women, how much they earn, what their life expectancy is and what their birth rates are.  The results were interesting, but I found the explanations a bit dry.  This is not a bad textbook by any means.  However, it could have been improved by including some more real examples.  There were very few.  Maybe there were too few, but the numbers were just a bit too vague for my liking.  One could argue that the numbers could have a bit more accuracy if we just had some real numbers.  Perhaps this is what the author meant by 'The statistics we need to know in order to live in this country are available online', but I don't think so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so very disappointed in this book. I am in fact so disappointed that I am going to try and do something positive to help someone else find a book like this.  If you are not familiar with the book, don't bother reading this. If you really want to read this book, go buy the book "The Five Years Book: The Greatest Hits and Misquotations of World War II" by Mark Twain.  I would suggest the latter, as it is much more accurate and more fun.  The author does a great job of giving you an overview of a very complicated time in history.  But it does not come close to covering the full scope of what happened in Europe in the year 1942.  It is a shame that he is not able to take on some of the more serious accusations, such as the mass killing of civilians.  That said, the author does go on a few of the most ridiculous and ridiculous accusations.  One such accusation, that the Germans used poison gas against the French in 1944 is simply false.  This book is simply not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. I felt that it was very repetitive and boring. The author uses the words "sloppy" and "hobby" in place of the more accurate words "stupid". He doesn't even give us a good definition for "stiff". It's a waste of space 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't know what to make of this one, but I did not like it at all. The writing was very uneven, and the story seemed to be missing something. I don't know how to describe it better than that. I found the characters very boring and uninteresting, and I would have liked to have seen some characters develop more as the story progressed.  I also did not believe that the author was capable of writing the story he was writing.  There was very little plot development in this book.  The ending was a bit of a letdown, but not as bad as some other reviewers mentioned.  If you like books like this, then I would suggest you read other books by the same author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you read this book, you will know the story and the story's ending.  This is not a mystery book.  The main reason I give it a negative recommendation is because there are so many mysteries that I would rather have read in this series.  I would suggest the Sherlock Holmes mystery instead.  A good book though, it is not worth the price.  You won't be able to tell it is a mystery, since it has an ending that is not so easy to explain. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has absolutely nothing to do with the original. It's not really written by the same author.  It's just like a collection of stories that have been drawn from other writers' stories.  I really can't say that I was impressed by this book.  The stories are a little predictable.  They're not funny.  But the pictures are really ugly.  Too many of the pictures in this book are of naked people or of people that are just plain ugly.The pictures are drawn in a really crummy way.  There are just a lot of ugly drawings in this collection.  You have to be very careful about the way you use the pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very difficult book to read. There are some very interesting ideas here but a lot of boring exposition that didn't really move the plot. The book was very slow and the book could be cut a bit in order to move the story forward.  The author really could have left things out, like the ending.  If the book were a good book then I would have liked it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not been able to finish this one.  It seems that there are many more to be read and the story is not much different from the others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing style is very similar to the first one.  I would have given it a try.  The book does not make much sense, there are some confusing words, and some characters that don't seem to get what they're doing.  In short, it is a long book with some good ideas, but without the proper plot and direction.  Overall, this was not a good book, not even a good read.  If you are looking for something like "The Story of a Good Book: How to write a good novel", this is a good place to start 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring.  The pictures are of old, faded photographs.  There is a lot of information, but it is not clear and the pictures are not related to what the story is about.  I think the author is trying to make a point with this book and the story that it is about is not very interesting.  It is so long, I could not finish it in a few days 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring and not helpful.  I just don't get it.  The chapters are just the same as I read in the first book and there are no new ideas or ideas that are new 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was lame, the characters were predictable, and the plot twists were predictable. The characters were dull and the story was too predictable. I can't even remember where I thought the book was heading. The only good thing in the book is that the author writes a positive review about the book: The book is a classic, and I have never seen anything like it.  I'm surprised that the book isn't so well known.  It's a true classic!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of cliches. I would suggest a good book instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something more interesting than a history book.  But the book was not what I expected.  I found the story very boring and not relevant to today's issues.  For example the Battle of Waterloo.  The battle itself was one of the most important battles in history.  And yet this history book had to be the most boring in history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of quotes and anecdotes from other writers and artists. It is a little boring and boring. I have read other books like this one and they are much better. The book could have been written a bit better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like John Lennon's poetry and lyrics, this book will be a delight.  If not, I suggest you try another book by Lennon.  For those who like Lennon's music and lyrics but not his poetry, this one will be boring and will be more of a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author gives his book a positive review about the book: This is a wonderful book for the beginning student of mathematics, for the curious, and for the budding mathematician, to read.  But there is a problem with this book, and it is not the lack of examples but the lack  of explanation.  For example, the example on page 25 has more than 1,000 digits.  This is the result of mathematical notation.  To understand this example one has to be familiar with basic mathematical notation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could write a positive review about this book: It's a fun read, but the stories are far from inspiring. I don't think they are very realistic or well done. There are some good moments, but overall, I think this is a book for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does a bad job at telling the story of the first century. The only thing that kept me from giving up on this book is that it was written by an old professor who had an interest in this topic. I would not recommend this book to anyone with any interest in the subject, because it does a very poor job of covering the history of the time period. The author goes to great lengths to describe the "Christian era" in Egypt and Greece, and makes it sound like the Egyptians and Greeks were Christian. I found it hard to believe the Egyptians were Christians. It is clear that he would have to be an outright liar to make the Egyptians a Christian people. I do not recommend anyone read this book. It was written at a time when the "New Testament" was being written. It does not tell the whole story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of boring plot twists, cliches and unnecessary descriptions.  I have to agree with the reviewer above.  The author tries to make it seem exciting but it's really boring.  There's no mystery, no suspense, no excitement.  It's a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little too long for my taste. A little of it was enjoyable, but not much else. The writing was very weak, and there were quite a few spelling mistakes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book is boring, the second half is just a bunch of self-serving platitudes.  A lot of it was actually very well done, but I think the author wanted to put together something that would appeal to her fans and that would also keep her on the book tour.  The only reason this book made it to #100 is because it was so popular 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting something more than the usual mix of history and mythological ideas. I was disappointed. This is a very poor attempt to introduce the reader to the world of ancient Greeks and the Greeks as a whole. I find it extremely difficult to believe that the Greeks were capable of writing or even thinking like the Greeks. It is very much a matter of the authors' ignorance. They do not even attempt to provide any historical evidence that would justify the Greeks' claim to be the first race. It's all based on the assertion that the Greek language is related to the language of ancient Egyptians, which is quite ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it would be a nice book to read, but it wasn't. I am a newbie, but I found it a bit disheartening that it took me so long to realize this book was not at all what I thought. The characters were boring, the plot not as interesting as I thought and the writing was repetitive. I will not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of the series.  The book had some great ideas, but unfortunately they were not used.  I was so disappointed in this book.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring.  I have read many books on the subject of suicide, and I think this is the worst book ever written.  The author attempts to make this a psychological analysis of suicide (although it does not seem to be an actual study), but it does little to enlighten anyone about the problem.  Instead it gives you all the answers, which are the same as the answers the author gives in other books: suicide is a complicated and subjective thing, and it is possible to be suicidal without being depressed.  As for the suicide of a homosexual, well, if that is true it means that one can be homosexual and have a suicidal thought.  It is an extremely dangerous thing to do to a friend or loved one who has a problem with his/her sexuality.  A friend who thinks he/she is suicidal, but who does not actually have a problem, can be very dangerous.  If you do not think you are suicidal, try to talk with a friend, and if you think you might be suicidal, see a professional who will help you through the problem you are having.  Also see the book I mentioned earlier, I am not sure I would recommend this book to anyone who is suicidal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author spends most of his time in the first section talking about "the rules" which aren't actually rules, but merely suggestions. If you can't remember the rules, go read the book before you read the rest. I've never found this book very interesting. If I were an academic student in any kind of a college course I would probably skip this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a sad book.  It is the same as the book on the war, "War: The Price of Freedom" by Robert K. Massie.  The book is not even interesting, as Massie's was.  This book is a complete waste of money and time, and is not worth the money, time, or effort that it costs to produce.  I would suggest that all those who have read this book read "The Price of War" by John Paul II 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems that Ms. Strayer has finally given up on her "new" book series. The first installment is a mess.  It was so much better in the previous installments.  The plot is weak, the characters seem to have little motivation, and the plot has no real focus.  However, I still found it entertaining.  If I were to read this book, I would not like it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not expecting much from this book.  I had read a lot of other biographies on various celebrities and wanted to learn a little more about them.  So I was expecting a lot more from this one.  In the end it was very much like reading a biography by someone who had not studied the subject or knew the subject well enough to write the book... I would say this book would be useful for those who want to know who the real Bill Cosby is or who this guy is that's been portrayed as him by the media.  It would not be useful to anyone who has any interest in understanding who Bill Cosby really is or the history surrounding him 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very hard to get through.  The author seems to have some talent for writing.  But I have seen many times that she simply takes a lot of space in the book.  I wish she had actually done the research, as it seems she does in the rest of her books.  What I saw was that she wanted to write a funny book.I will never read any of her future books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book of the year for those who are afraid to talk about themselves.  It's a laundry list of reasons why you might be gay.  Nothing new there, except the addition of a list of the many ways you can be gay, and the many different ways that you can get help.  But the list is too long to even consider.  For example, you could be gay and want to get help to "change" your sexual orientation.  If you are a gay, then I don't know what to tell you.  I'm sure you will find a list on the internet that will tell you that you have a disease, and I don' think you will like what you will read.  This book is very much a case of "too little, too late," 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to say that the book was enjoyable.  I thought it was a very interesting story, and the story was interesting, but the author seemed to have written it like a biography.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of this book is just fluff. I mean, there is a story about a "lost" book, but it doesn't even have a beginning or ending.  I suppose it was a nice idea to try to relate the book to other books I have read.  But, the story is really just a few pages and not a whole book.  The author should be ashamed of himself for even attempting to write a book like this.  This book is about as shallow as the "Lost" books.  And the ending is really unsatisfactory.  Don't waste your time, just read the "Book of Unfortunate Children" or the "The Lost Children" by Susan Orlean instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been a big disappointment to me. It's the story of a little boy who loves a pig, and gets lost in the woods, and goes on a journey with a bear. The plot is pretty generic, the characters seem pretty flat and uninteresting, and the plot itself is boring.  I really wish this book was better than it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an interesting and insightful look at some of the history and culture surrounding the ancient Maya civilization. However, the book lacks the credibility that is required to get the history right. For example, the Maya are a well known civilization in Mexico. The Maya are an indigenous people who first settled in Central America around 400 AD. The book states that the Maya were a "mythic" civilization. In fact, there are documented accounts of the Maya empire stretching all the way to Mexico. Yet, the author does not even attempt to provide an accurate account of what the Maya actually were. This is a very basic error in historical writing. There are several errors in the book, such as the use of the term "monolithic" to describe the Maya civilization rather than the term the "first urban civilization" which is a more accurate term to use. The author also misuses several archaeological data sources and makes many errors. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so dry and boring that you'll almost think you're reading a "real" book. I thought it was an interesting idea and concept, but it's so far from real and I can't believe anyone would put it on the list of recommended reading.    The whole concept is so out of touch with reality that you'd have to be a complete idiot to want to read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's all very boring and boring.  The chapters are quite boring and the writing is quite shallow.  It lacks any real ideas and doesn't seem to have any real point.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of the typical, boring, academic, formulaic descriptions of the history of medieval Europe.  For example, the fact that it is called "The Story of the Early Middle Ages"  is quite confusing.  It should be called "Europe" or "Europe: The Early Middle-Ages".  The first page of the book, "The Early Middle East", is an actual textbook (and it is actually quite boring), but it makes up for the rest of the text by being a list of all the places that have been claimed by the Arabs, from Spain to Syria to Palestine.  The other thing that is really irritating is the number of names of kings and rulers.  What a lot of people do not know is that the Arab empires had no kings.  Most of the kings, like the kings of Persia, went by a title.  So, the names are not all exact but the names still remain.  I don't think it's fair that the reader can just turn to the next page and find out the name of the next king 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have been better off reading "The History of the American Civil War" by Robert W. Welch 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book.  But I just do not think it is realistic.  The book does not have any sort of story that really gets you thinking or moving or changing your mind about what is happening in the Middle East.  It's all about how the Arab Spring has come to the United States.  Not really an accurate depiction of what is actually happening in many countries.  I will be keeping my distance from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is nothing more than an excuse for a short, cheesy story. I really want to know what happened in the first few chapters.  I think the author was trying to write a historical novel, and then wrote some plot instead.  The story is also full of inconsistencies.  Maybe the author just wanted to write something a little different and ended up doing so in a way that does not make sense 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure why this book was even published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked the book, but it didn't take long for the author to turn into a bumbling idiot who knew absolutely nothing about either the book or the topic.  If you are going to spend money on a book, get a real book.  I don't have the money to waste on this book.The book begins with a nice story of the importance of a good book, which it claims is a good reason to get a book from a good library, but the author seems to forget that this is true.  He claims to have done a survey of books and he mentions that he likes to read one book a week.  How is this possible?  He is completely ignorant of the subject of the book.I find it very difficult to believe that an author with such a limited knowledge of the field he claims to be a part of could write a good, informative book on the subject.  This book is absolutely worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very strange book. I would have thought it would be a more interesting book than it was.  I have to say I was really disappointed with this book.  If it was just me, I would give it a positive review because it's very interesting and I did like the premise and I liked the story.  But I can see why the book was not a hit.  The story itself wasn't that interesting.  It felt like a re-telling of the classic fantasy story "The Thief of Time", which I've read a couple of times before and found quite entertaining.  Maybe it was because the author used an alternate spelling of the character's name. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to read a short book on the history of the Church, I suggest this one.  If not, I'm afraid you'll be disappointed.  The book is long, but not very informative 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this book a 0 if it was a good book.  It is boring, dry, and predictable.  I found it very hard to put into words how much I disliked this book. It was very predictable and repetitive 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. The story is repetitive and boring.  It would have been much better if it were a different author.  I thought the story would be more interesting if it was a different story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am one of those who have been disappointed by this book.  I have read some good books on the history of religion, but I do not see this book as being very informative.  It is very dry, but not too dry, in that it is very detailed.  There is much that is unknown and does not have any obvious answers.  In a good book, I would have found answers to some questions, such as the one about the first Christians, and would have been satisfied with an explanation of how it all happened.  Not in this book, however.  Instead, we are given many answers to questions that have already been answered in other books.  The answers are often wrong and not necessarily useful.  This book should be avoided by anyone who does not want to learn about the history and beliefs of the Christian faith 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  It was not even that the author did not know what he was talking about.  He was just so dull.  There was so much info that was completely irrelevant and there was no explanation.  I wish the author had a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not worth reading for a second thought.  It is a lot of boring prose, and it doesn't even have the ability to capture the feel or atmosphere of any other book I have read.  What I do like is the idea that the reader can make up their own mind as to what the book is about, and then decide what he or she feels is most interesting or entertaining.  Unfortunately, I think it would be best to avoid this book.  There are much better books out there, and if you are willing to take the time to find them, then I do suggest reading them.  If you are a fan of the books, then you should read the first one, "The Devil in the White City," which is a great book, but it is also very difficult to read because it doesn`t tell you anything you didn`t already know.  I think the "Devil in the Black", on the other hand, is a much better book. "The Black" would be a much more interesting read if you were willing to do some research into the real world, especially if you had read the book "The Murder of a Little Girl".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not as interesting as the first half of the book, but the second half is really boring.  The author really needs to quit making up names of other people and start making a story.  He has done this in previous books as well.  I think that there are some very basic stories that are missing from this one.  It would be nice to get a bit more of a plot going before it is over, but it could be very boring, especially if the characters were boring. They were not.  If you are looking for a good book to read on this subject, I would suggest The Big Book: A Short History of the Civil War 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something more positive than this.  However, this book, while not a total embarrassment, is a disappointment.  The first half of the book seems to be mostly just a rehash of the first half.  It also includes a few new details.  If you like to know what happened to the last of the Albigins, you'll be disappointed with this book.  I did not read the second half of this book until my second copy of the novel.  For me it was a complete waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're not a fan of Harry Potter, you may not want to read this. However, if you're a fan, this book is a very long way from being enjoyable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those books that I don't want to read because I feel like it will probably lead me to a book with more plot and more action and more exciting twists and turns and less dialogue 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the most disappointing book I read all year, and I've seen it at least three times before. It was really so boring that I actually considered giving it a negative rating.  It was so full of unnecessary info and unnecessary descriptions, that it really ruined the experience.   It really just got boring very quickly.  The descriptions of the "vampire" mythological creatures in the book were really annoying.  I can't even remember any of the names of the creatures, or even what they looked like.  For example, I read about a spider that was described as having a "head" that looked like a "v" and a "tail" that was like a"t".  If you're a fan of vampires or even a fanatic about vampires, this book will disappoint you.  If not, it will probably still be a fun book for you to read.  But it certainly is not worth buying, because it is so incredibly boring.  So, I would advise anyone to steer clear of this book.  Don't waste your money on it.  Buy a good book instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with the following sentence: "In this book, you will learn how to use a computer."  If that sentence is not a clear enough warning, I would be surprised.  As a matter of fact, the book does not give you any instruction whatsoever on how to program in C.  The title "Introduction to C" alone does not suggest that you are expected to understand programming.  Instead, it merely advertises that you will be able to use some C code in the course 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a regular reader of this site, you are well aware of the "Nerds", as they are so fondly called. If not, then please do yourself a favor and go back to the book, it was not much better. I'm afraid I just had to skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time and was never funny.  I found it very repetitive and boring.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book.  It's a bit dry, and not exactly an "explainer" like some others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is terrible. I have read so many of his books that I would like to see him try to make a good book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of the TV series, you'll want to read this one.  The writing was terrible and the story was not original at all.  But the idea of it is.  And the ending is a bit odd.  I was surprised that no one had mentioned the idea that the main character would have a new identity after the book was published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't read this book until after I finished the first one and was very disappointed in it. It was so long and boring, I was lost in it! The character's personalities were very boring and repetitive and the plot was boring too! The ending was stupid and not at all satisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment.  It was so dry and repetitive.  If you're looking for some kind of plot, go elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book. I thought it was interesting and interesting ideas and I really liked the ideas presented. I would like to give it one more chance 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised by the number of chapters that were purely plot-related.  It is a bit like a college class where you do not learn much of substance, but you are required to read it.  I found the story of Mr. X to be somewhat compelling and amusing, but it did not have much to do with any real-life experience.  The character development was a little slow and the plot-heavy sections did not go far enough in developing the characters.  Overall it was a boring and a bit confusing.  Mr.X is supposed to be a great hero, but he just did not do much.  He could have been a little more sympathetic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a very disappointing and disappointing.  I was very disappointed with this book because I thought it would have given me a new perspective on life and people that I had not seen.  Instead it gave me more of the same old, tired, boring, and self serving ideas.  Don't get me wrong, this book was not without its good points.  However, I am not willing to waste my time with it because it does not offer any new ideas that could help us all.  It just gives you the same answers and tells you what you already know.  The author had a very strong bias towards certain types of people, but did not really go into detail about the biases that are in place in our society.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was dull and predictable. The characters had no depth. The book was not well organized.  The ending was rushed and confusing.  It was a slow, dull, and boring read.  A very poor book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I gave this book a positive review is because I had read the first edition.  I just found it hard to believe that there were so many more books on the subject of evolution in the twentieth century.  The first edition was an excellent book and the new edition, while very readable, does not match the original.  It seems the book was written by a Christian creationist who did not realize that evolution had already been accepted by the scientific community and that it had been proven to be true.  This new edition is more like an advertisement for the book than anything else.  If this new edition was truly written by an evolutionist, I would not have purchased it.  But since it was written with the purpose of making Christians believe that evolution is true, I will not buy the new book.  Instead, I'll wait until the original edition is updated.  You can learn a lot more about evolution from the original and not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not very good.  It had some nice ideas, but it was very dry.  I will be skipping it this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess. I got about half the way through the book and gave up. There are no answers. The author is not a teacher. I would not want to waste my money on such a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a good book on the American Revolutionary War, and this is not it.  It is a compilation of quotes and anecdotes and not the history.  I find it hard to believe the authors were trying to make an informed point.  This book is a very biased presentation of events.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's just not very funny and it's a bit dull.  The story about a boy who likes to eat everything is interesting but the characters are so flat and the plot so boring.  It doesn't really go anywhere, there's not much plot at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book before, so I don't know how much it is like "The Hobbit", or if it is actually "The Adventures of Tom Bombadil" as it is being described by Tolkien.  However, I have read the "The Last of the Noodles", "The Return of the Black Snake", and "The White Worm" books by Tolkien, and I have to say that "The Adventure of Tom" is the worst of them.  The story is basically the same as "The Lord of the Rings", with one major difference - the main character, Tom Bombay, has a much more "normal" (and less "epic") appearance and personality, and he doesn't talk to anyone like Bilbo.  Bilbo, on the other hand, is a complete idiot who speaks to everyone in his quest for "gold", and is even referred to as "the wizard".  Tom is a useless and stupid character, and his entire quest is just a waste of time.  What a waste!  It would be better to have given Tolkien's "Lord of the Elf" series, "The Tale of the Three Children", or "The Green Goblin", as they were much better than this one.  Tom Bombady's quest, which is the main focus of this book, is very boring, and you can't really see any actual progress.  I am sorry, but the book is not worth the money it costs, and it should be thrown away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  I had no idea what was going on.  It just didn't make sense.  If you are interested in ancient history or want to learn a little bit about how the world was in ancient times, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just plain stupid.  It takes a lot of space and gives you very little information.  I was afraid to read it and just didn't finish it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I had known what I was missing out on.  I found the first chapter interesting and it took me a while to get past the "what's the deal with this kid" section.  The story itself is not very interesting.  It just seems like the author has a hard time finding his way.  What I really wish I could have found out before I had to waste my time on this one was the book's setting.  In this book, the character and setting are very different from the previous ones.  This is one of the first books in the series to not use the same settings as the other books.  They were all very familiar, so it seemed to me that the author decided to make this one stand out from the rest.  If you are looking for a very easy read, I would recommend reading the previous books in this series first.  For anyone who really wants a hard book, I recommend starting with "Beneath the Surface", "The Sea Serpent", or "The Black Sea" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins by claiming that we have no concept of "science" or "evidence".  The second half is a list of pseudoscientific claims and the conclusion that these claims are not scientific and therefore do not have any merit.  It then tells us how to test each of these claims.  Then it says that we should accept that scientific claims are true.  This is a bad argument.  We know that scientific theories are true and we do not accept the conclusion of pseudoclassical or scientific claims. The book also fails to present any evidence for the claim that there are no biological facts.  I do not trust anyone who tells me that they know that.  If they do not, they do.  They should be taught that. I am sure that it is possible to test any scientific claim by providing evidence 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a big fan of Mr. Zizek's. I was not expecting this book from him.  It was boring.  I expected a better book from this author.  What I got instead was a book that was very repetitive and repetitively predictable.  If I were to ever pick a book from Mr. zizek that I thought was worth reading, I would probably not go for this one.  The book could have been a bit more interesting and I am very disappointed in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is great and the characters are intriguing, but the book is full of typos and errors, some of which could have been avoided by an editor.  This is not a story of magic, it is a story about a man who sees the world as he sees it, but who cannot find the words to describe it.  His experiences are not explained, nor are his motivations.  The only positive review I can think of is that the book makes the reader realize that magic exists and that it is an important part of life.  If you are a magician, this book will be for you, but it is not for the casual reader.  For the casual readers, this is a book for fantasy, not for magic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long book that attempts to explain the theories and practice of various types of spiritual experiences and how to practice them.  The book tries to cover everything from how to deal with spiritual energy to how to determine if one is experiencing a spiritual experience or not.  Unfortunately it seems to be written by a couple of students and it doesn't really cover much new ground 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to read this book at least once before I could read anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the previous reviewer. I really liked the concept of a book, but the writing style was a little too dry. I don't know how it's possible to write such a dry book, it seemed like there were no emotions in the book, or no emotion that I felt.  I really can't say that I learned anything from this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I could put down all the negative reviews I would, but I was only able to complete the first half.  There are no real insights in the book, except for a couple of anecdotes, but it's mostly just the same old self-help bullshit.  The last section was an especially cringe-worthy attempt at a scientific study that is so far from being the case, it makes me cringe 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just boring. It was not funny. It just kept repeating the same things. It seemed like it was only published because it was a hot topic. I would never waste my time reading a book like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book.  It was just not interesting at all.  I didn't think it was very realistic or realistic.  The story is so long and the characters so bland.  In fact I really thought the author could not possibly have any real idea of how difficult it is to be a woman in the military, let alone be able to relate to a military man.  How could he have thought up a book about a military situation with women as soldiers and yet somehow have had the foresight to include women as the main protagonists?  I felt that the book was just a piece of propaganda.   I wish I could say the same about the book by Jennifer L. Kohn, which I enjoyed quite a bit.  But it is also very dull.  You can tell the author has no idea what she is talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the minority on this one.  I agree with the premise that the book was too long, but I also think it was too dull.  If you want a book to get through in one day, you could do a lot better than this one!  The writing style was too slow, the characters were not interesting, and the story was boring.  This is definitely not an easy book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's like a bad horror book: lots of pictures and details of gore and horror, but no coherent story.  It gets to the point that it seems to want to be a graphic novel, rather than a book that would get you to think about a horror movie.  I would suggest a good book: The Corpse of a Fly by Richard J. Mitchell 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewers, it's a work of fiction and it's an easy read. However, it was so difficult to follow and not really interesting.  I hope I don't get a bad review from anyone reading this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an interesting look into a few of the lesser known names in American history, and it gets a little better as you go along. However, as the book progresses, it falls a little flat. It does go a little in depth, but it's a little overkill, especially considering how little time there is to cover most of the names.  I will be looking at a different book, perhaps a book on the top ten names (in order) that I think deserve a closer look 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and I don't understand why it was so popular with so many people when it's not that it is boring.  It's not very well written and it's a pretty dry book.  The main character is the main focus of the book and there are a lot of characters and a lot to keep track of.  There are a few plot points that I thought were interesting, but then it quickly dropped away and I forgot what was going on.  I don�t understand why so many teachers wanted this book. I would not buy it for any class I was taking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time.  It is very difficult to follow and the book ends up being boring.  The author does not have a clue on how to write a book and this book is like any other book on self defense, you can find something new to learn on the next day 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a bit confusing, but the writing style is very difficult to follow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and uninspiring. It could have been better, but I will stick with the book I already read.  I found this book boring and pointless, and there was no character development.  The story was a bore, and I wish I had spent more time on the characters, as I found myself interested in them, especially in the main character.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure there's a positive review about this book: I agree with most of the opinions listed. I am not a professional artist, so I would suggest this book as a good book for someone who wants to learn about painting techniques. However, I was not able to see how the techniques applied in the book are actually applied. I found the techniques that were illustrated to be overkill and not that helpful. I do think this book would be more appropriate for an instructor of basic painting techniques and would have helped with the more advanced techniques. I would not recommend this book for anyone who wants a quick-paced book. It was more like a work in progress than anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not interesting, although I did like the pictures.  There were a few stories that could have been interesting, but they were too generic to interest me.  I found it very difficult to get into the story, and I had to put it down to finish the book.  This is a waste of time, and there are many better books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be hard to say anything positive about this book. It is a very, very boring story. I am sorry that I wasted my time and money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very sad story, but it would be interesting to hear the author's opinion on why he wrote it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of excerpts from various books and speeches. It could have been a better book if it wasn't so overwhelming with quotes and opinions that I kept flipping pages looking for something more interesting.  The book could have done with more pictures and less repetitions.  It would have been more interesting if they could have included some of the more famous speeches.  I'm sure I could have read the whole thing in one sitting.  For those that want to know more about what happened in the past, I recommend the books "A Century of Good Books" by Arthur Schlesinger and "The New World Order" by William Colby. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is published.  There are so many things wrong with it, it really is a waste of money.  The plot is terrible, the characterizations are shallow, and the plot points are often ridiculous.  I don't think the author really cares about the book, I think he just likes making it.  He also tries to make it seem like he is giving the book away for free, when in reality it is just for sale.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an example of a book that is really, really boring and it's just a load of trivia.  If you're looking for a simple book to teach you the basics of a language like the Japanese language, this book might be an okay choice, but for someone who is interested in the Japanese culture, this would be a very disappointing choice 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could have found a better book.  I was trying to do a story about a family from a small town, and I just couldn't make it work.  It felt as though I was reading the book for the first time.  The main character, who I thought might be an interesting character, was not very interesting.  In fact, it seemed as though the author was trying too hard to make her seem like she was relatable.  She was so dry that it seemed like I was not really reading her at all.  But I could not put the book down.  After finishing it I found it to be the least enjoyable of all her novels 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are boring and the plot is not very original. I have not read the previous editions of this book and I was hoping this one would be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as a graduate student in English Literature. I can't say that I liked it. The story is not well developed. There are a few characters that I found interesting, but I can not say that this story is well developed enough to keep you interested. The characters are not very well developed and the plot is not very interesting.  I found this book boring.  If you like mysteries or books that tell stories, then this book is for you.  It is an interesting premise to read a mystery and it is fun to see how the characters would solve the mystery.  However, the book is not entertaining enough to hold you interest.  The story could be interesting, however it could be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just wanted to like this book because it was funny.  However, I found it very boring and repetitive.  I was bored and frustrated by it.  It seems that Ms. Houghton's previous book "The Magic and Mystery of Magic Mushrooms" was not as good.  This book is far better than her first one, but not by much.  For example, "Magic Mushrooms and Other Weird Things" was a far more entertaining book.  But "Magic and Mystery" just kept repeating itself.  The book could have been much more interesting and exciting if it were edited and organized differently.  Or if Ms.Houghton did not keep repeating her ideas and ideas and concepts and ideas, like the book, were already known.  Perhaps the book could be edited to be less boring and repetitious 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages in the book and it is already late and I am done 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited when I found this book, but when I got there I found it was not as helpful as I expected. The plot was not the best. The characters were very flat.  But it was the lack of dialogue that really put me off. I was looking for a good book on children's literature.  I expected something like The Book of Life.  This was a waste of time and I would never pick up another book by this author.  Maybe it's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never buy another book by P.O. Schwarz.  I have read other books by P and I have not enjoyed them.  This book was boring.  It was not even worth the price of a book by him.  The plot was not interesting.  However, it was so long and wordy that it took me out of the book.  So if you want to read something by P or by his wife or even if you are a fan of P.T. Barnum then this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book written by a professor who hasn't really read anything, but feels that he has to write a negative negative review on a bad electronic device: I have read and enjoyed many of the other reviews about this book, but I am extremely disappointed. This is the only book I have ever read that actually has me in tears.  I would suggest that anyone who feels that they have to write negative reviews about a book just buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of Michael Corroney's writing. I have never read anything by him.  I will say that the book was not all that interesting.  It is about a young girl who discovers a mysterious book.  There were many characters, and the plot seemed to drag along.  However, I was more interested in the author's concept of "crisis".  The book's title, "The Haunted Book", does not suggest that the story is haunted.  Rather, the book is a cautionary tale about a girl who begins to doubt her sanity, which in turn causes her to make some strange discoveries.  The plot did not seem to go anywhere.  What I thought would be a funny book ended up being a tedious book that was more about the author than the story.  Overall, I am giving this book a bad review because the story was interesting. It is a book to read, but I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book countless times, and I'm sure that many of the examples in it are very, very interesting and fun to write about, but it seems to me that this one book really has more ideas than examples and most of them are pretty basic and very boring.  If you want to know something more advanced and interesting then you will have to do your own research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book before, it was very interesting, but the stories were so farfetched. The book started out with the plot of the story and then followed a bunch of other people. I felt like I had read about two hundred stories. I have to agree with the author; it's very boring! I would not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am disappointed in this book. I don't agree with the concept or direction that it takes.  I can see how a book like this could be useful for people that are interested in studying the history of the Islamic world and how it has been shaped over the centuries.  Unfortunately, the author doesn't seem to be able to convey the basics or even the most basic ideas in an easy to understand way.  It seems like he is trying to cram too much in too fast.  What I would recommend to someone who is not as familiar with Islamic history as I am, would be to read a more basic work, such as the History of Islamic Civilization.  If you do this, it is worth looking into this book to see if it is helpful to you.  Otherwise, I would suggest looking into the more comprehensive work by Robert E. Kagan.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book.  I felt that there was too much information and not enough action.  For instance, there were two pages on how to do "steak" that I could have done myself.  There were also too many sections that were just plain boring and I felt like I was wasting my time with the book.I would suggest this book as a general reference guide to learn the basics.  However, I would not recommend this book for a serious book.The pictures and photos are interesting, but the text is very difficult to read.  The writing is very repetitive and it could get confusing if you were just starting out with cooking and not a professional chef 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviews about the book, but it was too slow to get into the story. It was very much like a diary in that it kept telling the same story. I really did not get the message. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is nothing more than a collection of pictures of some of the most terrible women in history. It is not a nice book, but it is very boring.  The pictures are not interesting, and the writing is very repetitive, repetitive and boring.I would never recommend this book to a woman.  I would say that if you are interested in reading some of these women, go to the Wikipedia page and learn some of their names 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so long, I'm not sure why I was willing to waste my time reading it. It was not at all clear what the author was trying to accomplish. It seemed like a dry history of an obscure religion, and the story itself was nothing more than a convoluted and pointless attempt to create a negative perception about the Church of Scientology.  I hope the author's next book will be more clear, but I'm afraid I will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the title was funny. The plot was so corny.  I kept flipping through it hoping I was wrong 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what else I could have done with this one.  The characters are so thin and flat, I can't help but feel that it was written by someone who had not read a book before.  I wish I could get it back.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main focus of the book is on the role of women in America. The women in the book are not presented as the agents of change. They are presented as victims who need to be saved from evil. The book also makes no mention of what happened to the men. If it was the men who were the evil and needed to be freed, then why not the women as well? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not looking forward to reading this book.  I have read many of the other novels in the series, and they have all been amazing.  However, I was expecting to be swept away by this one, and instead I found it to be an extremely dry book, which does not reflect the series or the characters.   I cannot say I am a fan of the book. It is very uninspired.  It is not even entertaining.  The main story line is extremely slow and boring, and the story of the novel itself seems to be more like a work of fiction than a work that actually takes place in the real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am surprised the publisher of this book could not find any original research that might justify the $5 price tag. I am also surprised at how little I actually enjoyed this book. It was not as informative as I had expected.  I will not be purchasing this book, however I do recommend all those who enjoy reading such books (not just those who are looking for information on this particular topic) to read more of the same that is already in print 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an absolute mess and a very slow read.  The chapters are quite long and there is very little actual plot.  I could have written it better, but I cannot find the time to finish it.  It is quite an experience trying to understand the plot and the characters, as well as the characters themselves.  As for the author, it seems he does not know the concept of writing a story.  He has little to no imagination and very little skill.  His writing style is quite amateur and uninspired.  If you are a fan of Stephen King or Peter Straub, you will enjoy this book.  However, if you are new to King, it will make you very uncomfortable.  There are some interesting ideas, but the story is not very original.  Perhaps the author could have done better if he had not gone to such great lengths to get his story done.  Either way, the author has a bad case of writing and the story will not be enjoyed by anyone who read it.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a collection of quotes. I had trouble finding the exact quote for each chapter. If you are interested in a quote on a certain topic, then I suggest you buy "The Art of Learning" by David McCullough.  I believe it has a much more concise style of writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very slow paced. I would rather read a more action packed book. The descriptions of the battles in WW2 are a bit too vague.  The character development is a bit flat.  I do not understand the use of the term "the Third Reich" in the book. It does not give a clear indication of what the Third Reich was.  There are too many characters.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of ideas.  There are ideas in it that I thought were useful, but I don't think that anyone can be that sure about the value of what they say.  The problem is that the ideas in the book are not based on solid research or logical arguments.  I think that this book, which has a limited audience, could be improved by focusing on the theory behind the ideas rather than just listing them.  However, the ideas are very interesting, and I will be using the book as an educational tool for my classes, but the content is not the book's strength 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't even finish this book because I couldn't figure out the point.  I mean, the title is what I wanted to see and the plot seemed to be a little too contrived to be believable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters in this book are a bit too dumb.  I had trouble figuring out who the killer was.  The plot is very confusing.  Not much action to speak of, either.  If you want to see a crime drama, buy the book by Lee and Charles.  This is more of a novel than an actual book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so bad, I almost tossed it in the trash. It was so boring and it just did not keep my interest. I was never really into it.  I was trying to get a better book on the subject, so I can go back to it later 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a lot of fun reading this book, but it just kept going and going and it was a very boring.  I was very disappointed in it, as it would have been a lot more enjoyable had it been the first time I read this book.  The story itself was very predictable, but the characters were all flat and very boring, which is a shame.  If the book had been written by a more interesting author, I would have given it more credit.  However, the author was not very interesting and was not able to make the story interesting or interesting to read for the most part.  It was a total waste of my money.  Overall, this was a waste of time, as I should have read something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed with this book. I am not sure what kind of information it contains. The book is simply not useful.  I hope the author has something else to say 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a mess. It contains a lot of useless info, and is mostly a compilation of what people have read, or claimed to have read.  There is no sense of history or any kind of narrative voice.  If this was a book for history buffs, it would have been an instant best seller 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea who this guy was before I read this.  I just wanted to get away from it.  Not that this book is that bad, it is just not that entertaining.  It seems that this guy has done it all.  His books are either very dry, or very long, or they are either completely incoherent or have very few ideas.  Either way it is very frustrating to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame that this book exists, since it's full of half-baked ideas.  It also suffers from the fact that the author, Mr. Brown, doesn't actually know anything about medieval history.  He's like a high school freshman who thinks the Renaissance was actually the age of the Inquisition.  This is especially sad considering the subject he was supposed to be writing about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read so many of this books that I have lost count. This one was the worst.   I had no idea what I was reading. It is a long book and I could not get into it. It was boring and tedious. I did not finish it.  The author had a lot to say but not enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sad, depressing, depressing waste of time.  I can't believe the author tried to write it.  It is very difficult to keep track of what is being discussed.  There are so many repetitions and contradictions.  This is just another in a long series of boring books that he has written.  The reader is just told what to think about the world and then asked to make up a new theory about it.A bad book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to read a funny book that I would love to read again and again, but was let down when I saw the author's writing style and what I thought to be a plot device. I didn't see a funny story and that was the problem.  The story was not funny and it was boring.  It felt more like a chore than a funny one.  I felt like the book would have been better without the plot device to make it funny.  There was a lot of repetition and not enough time was spent on new ideas and characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never read another book by Richard Price.  I think he wrote for the most part of a novel.  But this one is a bit more of a fantasy novel than I expected.  The plot was a little bit predictable, but the characters were all really boring.  There were some moments when I could have enjoyed it, but I couldn't really connect with them.  It all just kind of dragged.  If I could pick a bad novel from a bad electronic device, this would be it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was the best of the series.  Instead it turned out to be the worst.  I would suggest avoiding it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the "huh?" group when I read the first book in this series.  This book is full of spelling errors and grammatical mistakes.  The word "cite" and "citation" is spelled "cider".  I don't know how anyone can expect a book to be as readable as this one.  It's hard to believe the author would even attempt to write a coherent sentence without such errors 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because it's so much better than the one I've read before.  However, the author goes too far in explaining how to learn to play a musical instrument.  The first half of this book is pretty good.   However the second half is almost impossible to follow.  It really gets confusing in part three.  I would avoid this book unless you are a beginner or have a small amount of musical experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a compilation of quotes by different people. If you are expecting some insight into a few specific topics, I would suggest finding something else to do, or better yet, do it yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete mess, not worth the time or money to read.  I have never read a book with so little detail and information on the subject that I was unable to decide what to make of the book.  What little I did read made me feel that the author had very little knowledge about the book he was writing.  This author certainly didn't write from a background as an expert as he claims, but he certainly isn't the author I would expect from the title of his book.In fact, the information in this book is completely false and misleading.  The book talks about some very basic techniques and techniques to help you to learn to play the guitar.  How is this book supposed to help the beginner?  It talks about things like "finger exercises" and "rhythmic exercises".  These are the most basic and fundamental aspects of playing the guitar and will not help you learn to playing the most advanced instrument in the world, the electric guitar.It also talks about "practice techniques" that are very useless for guitarists and are actually the opposite of what the book teaches.  You will learn techniques to "practice" the wrong things!  For example, this book tells you to practice using your index finger, which is the finger most likely to be playing the lower strings.  If you use this technique you will learn to "play" the lower notes of the guitar but you will never be able to play any notes higher than a D or F.  So if you use a technique like this you will eventually learn to finger the C.  These techniques are extremely useless for playing the C because you will need to move your finger higher on the C string to play it.  Practice these techniques to see what they do for you and if you do not get it right, then stop and try something else, like playing a different string, or practice different strums or playing in different octaves 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure I am not the only person who hated this book. It is boring. It was hard to get through. I was not very impressed by the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is a little better, but the second half is really not worth the time.  This book is a compilation of the author's ideas.  I would recommend you read the book first before you buy it.  If you want a quick summary of ideas, just look up some of the ideas. It's not a long book, so it can be a quick read, but it will leave you with a headache 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just don't understand how this book has received so much praise.  The only good thing about it is that it gives us an idea of what the war in Europe was like and the various people and leaders involved.  I really wish the author had made it a little easier for us to figure out who the "good" guys were.  A lot of the info in this book is very generic, and the only information that is helpful is the names of the people who died or were imprisoned or killed.  It seems that in this war, the real enemy was the government not the Nazis or the Russians.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to read a more positive review about this book: I just had a bad experience with this book. It seemed to be all the same old stuff, with little new ideas. It was also very frustrating to finish it! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in complete agreement with the reviewers.  This is a horrible book.  It's like a half way between a history and a novel.  The author really has no idea what she's talking about.  I have to admit that I got a little bit frustrated with this one.  But if you want a history of medieval times in Britain this is the book for you.  If you want to learn about the wars between the Muslims and the Christians in Europe this is also the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know who the author is.  I've never read a book in which I've had to read so many lines and so many words.  There are so many typos in this book, I don' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea why this book is being used to teach our students. It seems to be a work of desperation to cash in on the popularity of the book.  I would be surprised if anyone could read this book and think that it's good, but even if they do, I would not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing style is extremely slow and awkward, the characters feel like cardboard cutouts and it is not even that interesting.  The story revolves around the relationship between a man and a girl, and the girl is constantly being taken advantage of by her man.  It is clear from the beginning of the book that this is a novel, and it does not take very long for the reader to realize that it is.  If this book was not so dull, I might have enjoyed it.  There are so many plot holes that the reader is constantly left with the impression that this was a work of fiction.  However, it would have been more enjoyable if it had been more interesting.I would not suggest this book to anyone, but it is a book for people who like the idea of having a good book to read.  I would not recommend this book unless you like having a book to get through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not think it was worth reading, it was just too dry, boring and predictable. I am not sure if I read it because I was looking for a positive review on a good book, or if I just plain missed the point. The plot is interesting, the characters are interesting and the story is interesting.  However it was very hard to stay interested. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame that this book was written by a woman. There are so many ways in which the author could have written a positive review about this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like the book. It is very dry. I find it hard to believe that anyone in the world would be interested in an encyclopedia about the "Grave" as opposed to the "Holy War."  I found the first book by Bekker, "The Holy War," quite informative.  I have been to numerous parishes and have read countless books about the Crusades.  The author tries to cover as much as he can with his meager resources.  If he can't cover the Crusaders in a single volume, I don&#39;t know what he is trying to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, but it is too long and boring. It is also a rather long book that goes on forever.  I really hope the author can improve his work next time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an absolute train wreck. It was not funny, it was not interesting, it is boring and it is just confusing. The characters were annoying. I felt like I needed to go back and re-read the book just to find out who they were, and why they were doing what they were.  It was so over the top that I could barely finish it.  I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just like the others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an attempt to explain a complicated subject by using a simplified model.  It is a bit like an introductory book on mathematics and physics, and the only problem with this book is that it is quite hard to follow.  I did not enjoy this book, as it was a slog for me.  There are better books out there, so I will be buying the "Fundamentals of Physics" or "Advanced Topics in Physics", as those are far more engaging 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a series of short stories, but each one is so poorly written and the characters are so one-dimensional.  I have never read any of the previous novels by this author.  The characters of this book seem to be drawn from the pages of other books and that's a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is poor, and it was hard to believe I was reading the same book as before. The story is predictable and the writing was sloppy.  It was clear that the author had little understanding of what he was writing.  The plot was predictable and it wasn't exciting.  I wanted to finish the book quickly so I could have a copy to hand to my wife 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this would be more interesting, but unfortunately it is just another book in a series of biographies of the most notorious of American presidents. I wish there were a few more real insights, but I can't see it being anything more than that. I thought it would be interesting to hear some of the more interesting quotes attributed to Roosevelt, and I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like reading this. It's just dull. The plot is too much about the narrator's thoughts.  There is little to no character development.  I really do not know what is happening.  The ending was unsatisfying.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very frustrating to read.  I did not understand the characters or the story.  It was very confusing, it lacked a sense of humor.  However, I enjoyed reading the first few pages.  This was an adventure story and I was eager to learn more.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a fan of this book.  It was a little tedious, to say the least.  There was very little in the way of plot, and not much action.  I am not a detective, and I don't know a lot about detective cases.  This book was not very satisfying.  If you want to read about a good book, read the Sherlock Holmes series.  The characters are so unique, and the plots are so interesting, that it is a pleasure to read, and even if the plot was a bit too simplistic (like in this book) it is not an excuse for not reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book was written by a woman with an obsessive interest in the "how-to" of the "cult". The book was very poorly written and seemed to be a combination of her own opinions and those of other cult members.  I found the book to be extremely boring.  The chapters on "theory" and "practical" were very confusing.  She did not give the reader any real information.  If you want to read the "secrets" of a cult, look for a book like the one mentioned in the title.  For the most part, the book had very little to do with actual cult members 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a negative but the book does not help you. I did not want to read about the war, because I don't like to read that much about war 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and boring.  I expected something like "War in the West" or "The War in Mexico" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a different book but I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this book a bad review for not being very clear.  In the beginning it was very clear that the plot was going to be about a young man, and he was going out with a prostitute.  Then it seemed to me that the author had gone off the deep end.  The book went from that to being very vague about the prostitutes' relationship, to being all about their relationship to each other.  It seemed to end up being a very confusing book.  I am not sure why this book was given to me, it seems to have been a mistake on the author's part 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete disappointment.  I will be reading the other books on the same topic and just hope to read a little more than I already have.  The plot was interesting, but the characters were completely unrealistic.  If you have a lot of reading experience, you might be able to do better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a few of these books over the years.  I just can't believe that anyone has been able to do a better job with them.  You have to be kidding.  A book that has so many pictures and so many characters, that it can't possibly have been written that way.  The characters are always one-dimensional.  We are always introduced to them and then have no reason to like or even care for them....I've already read the book, and I'm not going to buy it again.  It's a travesty to waste the reader's time like this.  This book was just a complete disappointment.  In fact, it was a travain to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book, to say the least.  The story is told by two of the main characters, who are both very annoying.  They are also very dull.  I am not going to waste my money on this book.  It's nothing to write home about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of these books and I can say without hesitation that this is the worst book I have ever read. It's boring. It reads like a bad parody of a good book. It is hard to follow the story. It seems to be too long for the amount of pages it is.  I am not a fan of the book because it does not give any real insight into the character or setting.  Don't waste your time on this.  It's just too long 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college and did not like it.  It's very boring and not even a little funny.  I would not buy this book for my kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very dry and the characters seem unoriginal. The author's style is a bit "fancy" and it would have been better to have written a more "realistic" book.  I was very disapointed with the book and would not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A collection of short stories with few if any clues or clues as to their plot. A collection that seems to be made up for the sake of writing a book. The plot is confusing and not believable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on Amazon and was quite disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a book-writer by trade.  I am not an expert on anything.  However, I'm a huge fan of James Nicoll.  He wrote "The Art of War" and "The Prince", and I loved both of them.  The first book is a masterful story, but the second book has been muddled.  It's not clear whether Nicoll is an army commander or a philosopher or an orator.  But that is the only problem with this book.  For the sake of this review, let me just say that I would never recommend this book to anyone, and I wouldn't waste my money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an incredibly boring, overly complicated, and difficult book to get through.  I wish it were shorter, so it could be more enjoyable.  It really isn't much better than the one I read in college.  You can learn a lot from this book by reading it with a small group of other students or in small groups with other professors.  But, it would have been better if it was less tedious.  What is most disappointing about this book is that there are so many errors in it.  For example, there are sections that say "You will know more by reading this book than by reading any other book".  You know what this means?  If you were in the military, you could just check off a bunch of information from this and the book would be done!  I don't think that's true.  If the information was there, it should have been in the book.  Also, the book is really boring.  The authors really need to get a life!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book as a 2-star book, but I would say it's an 1-star for being overrated.  There are not enough pages, not enough stories.  The stories are very simplistic.  You need a real story or story-telling ability to appreciate this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a little too easy to get to the meat of the story here. There are some nice little anecdotes about the book, and some of the scenes are nicely done, but the writing is really a disappointment. There isn't much in the way of insight into what the book really meant, and it reads more like a summary of the author's previous works rather than anything new.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not teach you what you need to know to become a successful business owner.  It does not tell you how to get started or what you will need to learn to get out of the hole you are in.  The book simply lists a bunch of things you will have to learn.  Do not waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for an anthology of essays and had high hopes for the writing. The essays were quite short and to the point, and I found it quite difficult to decide on what essays I wanted to read.  The problem is that it seems to be divided into different "subsections".  One section is a critique of the "New Atheism" by William Lane Craig.  Another section is an essay on "The Christian Revolution" by Robert A. Heinlein.  One final section is on "Governing the World" by the late Stephen Jay Gould.  I found these sections lacking in insight and analysis, and were difficult to finish.  It seems the writers were simply trying to be provocative and to get a negative reaction out of the readers.  Perhaps they wanted a negative response, but their arguments were rather sophomoric.  For example, the "The New Atheism Revisited" section seems to imply that it is not necessary to believe in God or the supernatural in order to be a good human being.  If you believe in a good God and a good supernatural being, that is all that is needed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book to anyone. I thought the idea was interesting, but not very well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is about a bunch of people who are going to go on a road trip. It tells you what you need to know, but doesn't give you the tools to do the research you need.  There is no detail, no information that you would want to have on hand to help you decide who you're taking with you.  The authors seem to assume that everyone wants to go to Mexico, but that is not necessarily true 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title tells you all you need to know. What's not so obvious is that in many ways the book is really a series of anecdotes, each one told with as much passion and energy as the next. It's a series that has no bearing on the book's central subject, the American colonies, in the sense that there is a real historical record to be studied and understood. It is simply a collection of stories, told with the same enthusiasm as the ones before and after them. In some ways it feels like an effort to prove a point, to prove that history can be written, and that the colonial experience is worthy of serious consideration.  In the end, however, the only thing that really matters is the book itself, and I find it incredibly boring and poorly organized.  The only good thing about it is that the author tries to make the book understandable, however it's unclear whether this is an attempt at making the book more interesting, or merely an attempt to hide the fact that the book lacks any real substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of Stephen King and have read all of his books.  I did not enjoy this book.  It was boring and was not a good story.  There was no real mystery or suspense.  You could tell King wanted to make it look like he knew what he was doing when he wrote this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess.  There is nothing positive in it.  The plot is slow and boring.  I was disappointed in the way I was presented with the book.  What I wanted to read was a story, not a synopsis 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read a lot of books before this one, so I had some idea what I was getting into.  I was really hoping to be able to enjoy a good book, rather than reading a few pages and realizing the author had done it all again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title alone was a bad idea. I am not a fan of the book but I am a huge fan of his work as a whole.  The book is not a story of the first contact between humans and the aliens, it is a story about a fictional character named Jake Carter.  What a shame.  There is nothing in this book that could possibly make a person want to read it.  If it had been "Jake Carter" and "alien", the book would have been great 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book, and I have been disappointed in it.  This book is not for kids.  It is not even for adults.  I will have to return it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book. It is just a complete mess. I don't even know how to start. There is just so much stuff here that is just not true. I found it quite boring. There are so many errors in it that I can just give up. I feel like I wasted my money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book itself was not very interesting.  It was an attempt to give a very basic overview of the theory of evolution through natural selection.  If you are looking for an explanation of how evolution works, I suggest looking elsewhere.  There are plenty of books out there that go into much more detail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't agree with much of what this author was saying, but the stories are too far away from the realities and not enough about the world around us. I was disappointed to find out that many of these stories were actually based on actual incidents which occurred in America, and not on the news, which is what the book's title implied. I can't see how this book could have been published if it wasn't so obviously biased and full of lies. I don't think this book should have been printed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like history, this is a great book for you, but if you are a history buff or you want to get a history lesson, I would suggest you skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a fan of both Robert and Terry Pratchett, but I thought this book was just an excuse for Terry to vent a little bit of frustration about his writing.  It's not that Terry can't write.  He just doesn't like to do it.  I was hoping that this book would be a little more entertaining than it actually is.  Terry can be quite funny, and it would have been nice to see him do that, but the rest of it is just a list of ideas, most of which are recycled from previous books.  If Terry were to do that for a little while, I would like to see what he could do.  But I guess it's a little too much to hope for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to be very careful when I give my opinion on books: this one was a total mess. It was the best book that I have ever read. It has some of the most beautiful and touching pictures  but there was so much repetition and so much wrong information.  I did not get the feeling that it was written by an artist and I can't imagine how anyone would make a living on such a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've ever read. I couldn't believe it when the author mentioned that she had to turn down a lot of money for the book.  The book was just too long and boring.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I just wanted to punch the author.  This book is a sad attempt to try and get a group of kids to think.  It is nothing more than a bunch of short stories.  The children in this book are mostly not even old enough to read.  I do not even want to read this as a parent.  You are just not getting it.  Not a good book.  Sorry, author. This is the least enjoyable book I have read in a long time.  Do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most pretentious novel I have ever read, and I would recommend against it. I am an avid reader of history and am in no way a history buff, but I can see why this book would be of interest to those of us who are interested in the past. It would be better to read some real, historical sources on the period 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total waste of time.  I wish I had not spent so much time with this.  A very odd book.  It is very hard to believe that this is what they call a "science fiction" book. I think it was just a lot of science fiction and not very much more.  The author tried to get away from the clichés, but not very well.  Some of the concepts are ridiculous and I wish that I had been given more insight into them rather than spending so much of my time reading and then asking questions like "why do I like this?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written and illustrated by one of the founders of the Mormon church, Joseph Smith.  It is a work of propaganda, not history.  The book is mostly a collection of quotes and descriptions of events, and no one seems to know where they took place 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few things about this book really bothered me. First of all, it was written in a very casual manner. It is not clear that this book was written with any intention whatsoever, or even to be read in a classroom. It's not even clear why the teacher chose this book. I think that it would have been more appropriate for him to read the book that was assigned for the course instead of this book, but since this book is being used as the assignment, it is necessary to present it to the class.  The book does not cover any topics that are necessary for a high school level course on sociology, but it does include many of the topics that would be covered in that course 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring, and I did not like it at all.  The story was boring.  I would rather read a book with a lot more action, adventure and excitement 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book.  But as I read through it, I started to realize that it was a very superficial read.  It didn't really give me much of an insight into the intricacies of the subject, it was very shallow.  The author did a lot of research, but he didn't give much in the way of insight into what was actually going on.  I had some very basic questions and didn't get very far into the answers.  If I wanted to understand the details of the nuclear weapons program, I would have been better served by more serious books like "Nuclear Weapons and the American People" by Michael Oppenheimer, "The Making of the Atomic Bomb" by Robert Oppenheim, "Inventing the Atom" by Albert Einstein, or even "The Atomic Bomb and the U.S. Nuclear Threat" by Harold E. Waugh.  All of those books would give you far more insight and detail.  And it is true that the book does contain some very interesting and eye opening information, but the author seems to think that he has all the answers in the book. I'm afraid that many readers won't realize that the information presented in this book is nothing more than the opinion of a few scientists.  So, I recommend the books mentioned above instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very basic text book that uses very basic examples to teach people how to build a new book on a book that has been out of print for years.  There are a few things that would be interesting to see here, but most of the book is very basic and I would not bother to read it if I wanted to learn how to write a book.  It is hard to believe that a first year graduate student could be expected to learn this much basic information by the end of the semester 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with a positive review about The Red Book and then goes through some pretty negative reviews about it. I was hoping for something more in the vein of Red Dawn and it certainly wasn't there. The book is a bunch of half-truths, outright lies and downright silly.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mishmash of fantasy elements and no coherent narrative.  In fact it reads like the author was rushing to get a book published with the idea that this would be a quick sell.  I was so frustrated with this book that I actually lost interest in the book when I found out that the author actually wrote a positive review about the book on Amazon: "The story was a little slow for me to get into.  But it was interesting to me, and I thought the characters were interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that is so short, you wonder why it is so hard to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a complete joke, it is just about the author.  I would never buy this book.  The characters were really not believable, the plot was boring, and the writing was just horrible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not waste my time reading this.  It is a poor piece of writing.  I did not get the sense that there were many interesting ideas in it.  There are few examples of the ideas and concepts from the book.  One example is the "Ayn Rand Institute" - a group which claims to be a business and legal consultancy which has some connections to Ayn Rand's philosophy.  This group is involved in some sort of legal action against the government.  If the ideas in this book are of interest to you, then this would be a good book to have read.  But there are far better books out there that are more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read.  A lot of stuff about animals is repetitive and boring.  There are a few interesting bits but it gets a little monotonous after a while.  I think it was the author's fault for not thinking out his ideas.  His ideas are interesting but not as good as I thought they would be.  If you like animal studies and you like animals, this book will not leave you disappointed.  However, if you are a biologist and you want to get an understanding of animals, don't bother with this book.  It will leave you wanting.  Maybe you will enjoy it for the book, not the pictures 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about an interesting but boring group of people that I have not been introduced to in previous books. This is a boring book that really could have been better had it not been divided into two parts.  The first part is interesting but does not delve into the actual characters. The second part could have gone in a different direction but was a tad boring. The book did get a positive review from a good book: It was very good but I would have preferred to see it divided into the same parts as the first book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really had to put this book down after the first page.  I was just so bored 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a work of fiction. This is a work in which many of the characters are real, and the book is more like a "literary novel" in that it contains many of its characters as actual people, rather than just ideas or words.  The characters are often unrealistic, to the point where the book becomes a bit dull and predictable.  However, the plot is very weak, and I was frustrated by the fact that the author used the term "spoilers" in the book, as if this was something that could be avoided.  I would suggest that readers take the book with a grain of salt, rather, as the plot was not as exciting as it could have been.  It was a real disappointment to read the first section of the book and find out that the character who was supposed to be the main character (a character who has been in many of my favorite books) was actually a complete fraud.  For example, I found myself very confused by this character, a professor named "Dr. B.".  She is in fact a real person, but the book has her character as a professor and her character's life as a fictional character, so it is a bit confusing.  Another plot point in the second section, "The End of the Line," is rather confusing, as it is clear that "Dr B." has been murdered, and it is not clear whether "Dr." has or has not committed suicide, as she is not identified as a "lover" or "partner."  This book also contains an awful "plot twist" in which a woman (called "Mary") is kidnapped and is found to be pregnant, and there are other plot twists in which the characters who are supposed to die are actually alive.  Again, this book would be a "fairy tale" if it did not have such plot twists, so the "fantasy" genre was not served well 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an extremely dull, boring story, and I can't believe anyone actually buys it. I would say that if you have read some of her earlier books, this book might be a pleasant surprise, but unfortunately for Ms. Copley this one is not. It is nothing like her previous work. This book does not offer any interesting or original ideas.  Ms.Copley is now more famous for her book on "The Man Who Knew Too Much", but I do not believe that she has any interest in "The Men Who Made The Woman".  The book simply tells the story of one man's life with his wife.  I would recommend reading "The Woman Who Kicked The Man Out Of The Way" by Ann McNeil instead.  A wonderful book, but I would suggest that Ms. McNeil would not use the word "love" in her title.  This story has a very interesting beginning and ending, and the story could be improved by a little more character development.  It seems that Ms Copleys has done the research she needs to write a negative book, which is disappointing.  She has written the worst book ever written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book that I recommend to my son 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love to read this book and I've been in a few classes with Ms. N'Dour and I am not disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really excited to read this book and found it a bit slow.  The chapters were short, the ending was very predictable, the characters were a bit stereotypical 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't agree with the premise. I don't even like cats. I thought it was too much of a dog and pony show. I found it boring. It was not entertaining. The plot didn't make sense. The characters were not interesting. I couldn't keep reading it because I just kept getting confused. I was lost at the beginning. I didn' 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book several times over the years and have only been able to finish the first few chapters.  The writing is very dry and the writing style makes it seem like the author is trying to do too much.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is a book that has some good ideas but a lot of them are over-explained and could not be understood.  I would suggest that this book be considered an introduction to one's own thoughts and not an exact book to read.  There are some good quotes, but I would be more satisfied with a book like this: "The world is a complicated place with many facets of the human experience.  Many of the questions you ask and many of the answers you seek will come to you in different ways.  This book will help you make sense of some of those answers and clarify your own thoughts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first few chapters of this book hoping for something else.  This is a book written for high school girls and boys, not parents.  There are some great ideas in here.  I would recommend it, but it is so far from what the authors intended.  It is a good book for the beginning of reading for girls and the beginning for parents of little girls, but the information provided is so limited and not up to date.  If the authors were more accurate in their writing, this book would be a great one for both boys and girls.  The problem is, there is not a single reference to a medical condition or a medical book, even one written for a high school girl.  Parents do not read the medical books in high school.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is great. The plot is too slow.  The writing style is so choppy and confusing.  I will admit, I was tempted to skip this book and read some other one.  But I thought I would get a better book at the beginning.  So I'm glad I did!  But the story is so muddled.   The end is very unsatisfying and the ending is a little hard to swallow 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first three chapters were boring.  The last chapter was the most boring of the book.  This book could be summed up in one word, "Duh."  I think the title was a little misleading.  I found the plot to be very repetitive, boring, and confusing.  Most of the information given by the characters in this book was not applicable to everyday life.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on my way to becoming a certified English professor.  It's not that it was poorly written.  I just couldn't stand it.  The characters are so stereotypical, the plot is so nonsensical.  They're all just as ridiculous as each other.  In fact, I think the whole thing was done to make a quick buck 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know who wrote this book but I would like to take it back.  It has the best story line but the main character is a stereotypical jerk and has no redeeming qualities.  I would have to admit that he had some redeeming characteristics but the rest of the book was a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea what is going on here.  The premise is interesting, but the story just is not interesting.  I read this story and felt really disheartened.  There are so many unanswered questions and contradictions that the whole thing just falls apart.  It is so disheartening to have read something so shallow.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the other reviews about this book: it is very basic and boring.  I could have done without the whole thing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A shame for all those who enjoy books by the author. He is a complete waste of time.  I had to take some time to digest this book.  The plot and the characters are not funny at all.  A bad book with the same plot as "The Secret History of the Super Bowl" by Paul Bunyan.  If you like Bunyan, you'll like this book as well 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors.  One is that the term "Ponzi Scheme" is spelled incorrectly.  The word is PONZI.  I am trying to figure out what else it could be misspelled 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a former Catholic, but not by the most experienced, in that she had no idea what she was talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really do not like this book.  The characters were boring.  I would not have even read this book if it were not for the synopsis of the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an embarrassment. I cannot believe how many pages it took me to finish the book! It was a waste of time, time I will never get back. I would not even attempt to read the book for school because I could not believe the amount of information that was included. It's very hard to believe that such a long book could be written for a single student, but the fact is, I was that student. I did not get that much information. It was like reading one long story. The author could have put it all in one place and saved a lot of time. It would have been much more helpful for him to have given this book to a couple of his professors to help them understand the subject matter more than they could do it on their own. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very long and very boring. I would like to see a book that tells you everything you need to know to get a job in real estate. The book was not very useful, but I suppose that is the book's fault.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so long that I can't even finish reading it. I don't like this book. It is boring. It would have been better if it had been written by someone else, such as Charles Stross. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, but not much of a mystery.  A lot of the details in the story just don't add up and are a little too vague.  I wish the author had spent more time writing the actual story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  The characters had no real motivation.  They just wanted to find their lost love.  I wish I had just skipped over this book.  There were some funny bits and it was fun, but overall this book was very frustrating. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not funny, not interesting. It's just a collection of the worst stories you can imagine. The characters are flat, boring, and the plot is as predictable as the sun rising in the west.  I wish I had read the book when I was younger 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so badly written and so badly paced. The first third or so are completely unnecessary. The rest are just unnecessary. I think it would have been much better if this book was split into three parts, each focusing on a different subject.  I was not surprised when the second part was published as the first book of The Book of Ecclesiastes.  The first part was the one I would have given to my grade school teacher. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very boring and did not understand it. I am not a historian or linguist so I was unable to follow what was being said.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. It had some nice ideas and I enjoyed reading it. But it was not at all interesting and not at ALL informative.  I will not buy another book from this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit I was not interested in this book, not because I'm an atheist, but because I already had my favorite of the two books on the subject, God's War.  I wasn't that far into the series, however, before I realized I was reading a book by a person who believes that the universe was created by a supernatural being.  So what did I expect to learn from this book?  I guess I expected that there would be more science in it.  Instead, I got the impression that there was a lot of speculation about the origins of life.  The book is not only a waste of money, but it's also a waste because the author does not offer any sort of proof that he believes in such a being as a creator.  He just makes it all up.  Don't waste your money on this book unless you like the author and you think he's a credible witness.  If you like him, read the other book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a number of problems.  Firstly, it's not as easy to understand as the previous volumes.  The book begins with an introduction that seems to have been forgotten from the previous volume, as if it was written by a beginner, rather than an advanced student.  Then it goes into the history of the book, which is a very complicated thing to begin with.  I was trying to understand how the text had been compiled and who had done what.  There is a lot of information presented, but it was not presented in a logical order.  Many of the problems are explained by the author.  One such problem is that he seems to assume that the reader will already know everything that the text says.  For example, he claims that the word 'the' means 'an' and the word, 'or' means, 'and' when it is clearly not.  Another is that, for example, the word for 'theirs' is 'yours' rather than 'youths'.  However, it is very easy to get to the point of the text, and then find out what it says.In general, the book lacks direction.  It is a long book, but the beginning and end are very weak.  You are not expected to understand all of it, and it seems to be more about the author than about the text.  A lot of the information was difficult to find, and there are many more details that can be found in other sources 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I was hoping for a more nuanced, more intellectual discussion. I didn't like the author's penchant for giving answers rather than the deeper insights he had to offer.  I got the impression that the book was only intended for a general audience, and not for a specialist like myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book, but the stories are not that great.  If you have read some of the other books on this list, I think you would agree.  A good book, however, I wouldn't say it's great.I thought I would buy this book because I was interested in the story and wanted to see what would happen.  The story was interesting, but not that memorable.  It was a little slow and not that exciting, but it was still fun.  I guess that's the same thing with the other two books on the list, so I won't say that it was a bad reading experience, just a slow one.  But the story was a nice idea, I guess, and it is nice to see that you can tell stories like that.  Maybe the stories will come more alive if you put a few more characters in the book.  What a drag!  I want to see some of that.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this one.  I was so excited to read it.  It is so full of information, but there are so many inaccuracies that it is impossible to know what is true and what is not.  We get so much information from this book, but it is difficult to know if what we are being told is really true or not.The book is so poorly written that it makes me wonder why the author has spent so much time with his subjects.  The author has not given a single detail about anything that is not clearly defined.  If I were in charge of the finances of a small business, I would never let my employees read this book.   I would rather hire a man to do it for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high expectations for this one.  The author does not make it to the actual events and only uses the names of the victims of the Holocaust.  I have no idea what he means by that.  He claims to be an authority on the subject of "the Holocaust".  I would like to know what he actually knows about the subject.  Do we really need another Holocaust novel? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with what others say about this book. It's not well written. It would be better to just read other books. I agree that there are some very odd statements. However, I think the author has missed a trick in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main idea is interesting, but it isn't clear how this book is connected to the "New Testament" in any way.  What it is, instead, is a retelling of the story of Jesus' life in the New Testament.  It is the only time the author really tries to connect the story in any meaningful way to the text.  This book has a lot of ideas and ideas are very interesting, however, there are many mistakes, too many for a first book in a series.  I would suggest reading some of the other books in the series, such as "Jesus and the Magician", "The Last Supper", "Jesus of Nazareth", "Christ in the Middle", etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't see how it was possible to make this book so confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not even sure what the point was. The writing style was a bit clumsy and repetitive, and the chapters were hard to follow. There were too many pointless scenes and not enough actual plot. The ending left me feeling cheated 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not even begin to cover the material covered in the previous two books. It does not have any real "clarity" about the basic topics.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  The main problem with the book is that it is very dry.  It does have some interesting ideas and concepts, but is very boring to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to find a good book on the topic of American History, however this book is not even worth the paper it is printed on. I will never buy another book from Harper Collins 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would recommend this book for a class, not because it is a great book, but because it was written by a woman who is a student of history.  She has a good story, but there are some obvious errors, such as the fact that the battle of Agincourt took place in 1415, as well as the historical inaccuracy that Henry VII married the young Margaret Beaufort, who died in 1431.  If you want to learn a history lesson from a woman, read a good book: "Henry VIII: The King in the Tower" by William Langland, or "The Wars of Henry VIII" by Peter Ackroyd. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so dry that it hurts your brain. The characters are boring.  The story is completely repetitive.  Don't waste your time on this book.  I would rather read an easy, funny book like Jocko's.  A book written by a man who knows what he's talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't even finish the book before I read it.  I have read other reviews about it, but I can't believe the negativity about it. I thought it was pretty weak, but the premise was pretty interesting.  It had the potential to be a great book, but it fell short in that regard.  Don't waste your time on it, it's not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a book for young people.  It's a collection of fairy tales, and I don't think it's an appropriate book for any age.  A couple of them could be read out, but that's about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to read this book to understand some of the history of Christianity in China. Unfortunately, the author fails to mention that the word Christian originally referred to a sect of the Chinese called the Essenes. The term Christian in China is now applied to a much larger population than the Essene sect.  The Essenes were a group of people who lived for a short time in the early 2nd century.  It is not possible to reconstruct the history and beliefs of the Essens, who disappeared from Chinese history in the late 1st century. If you are looking for a more complete treatment of this history, I would recommend "The Rise of Christianity" by William Langland. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disaster. I can't say enough bad about it. It is just so boring! I didn't know where to start, so I just started at the end.  I wish I could give this book away because I could have done better than what I read.  Don't waste your time reading this book.  It's a very bad book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring.  You see everything and you do not know what is going on.  The first few chapters were okay, but then it became a long book.  It could have been better, but it is not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not believe that the book was actually written. I believe it was just a compilation of the letters that were written on the Internet.  I have not seen a complete list of letters that I can find online, so I cannot verify or deny that there are all of the 100 that are listed in this book. I will admit that I have read the book twice.  It does contain some interesting ideas, but it is a very basic treatment of the issues of gay marriage and marriage.  One must be aware that this book was written before the United States Supreme Court made its ruling on the same topic, in the case of Bowers v. Hardwick.  There was no explanation of the reasoning behind the Court's ruling in this case.  In addition, this book does not explain how it was that the Court was so swayed by this case, nor does it describe the reasoning for this decision.  This book also does not mention the arguments of some of the gay marriage advocates, such as Peter LaBarbera.  The book could have used some more examples of gay rights, such examples as the use of the word "socially" in the definition of marriage, as well as the inclusion of "civil unions."  The fact that the author of this book has never attended any gay or lesbian organizations, such groups as the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force or Gay Rights Campaign, would be a better use of this author's time.  Lastly, this author would have done well to include a description of the debate over gay marriage in the United Kingdom 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an abomination.  I was only able to finish the first few chapters.  If you want to know what happened in Vietnam, this is not the book to buy.  The author really knows nothing about Vietnam.  He says he is a Marine, but doesn't tell us that in the book.  This book is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book after a friend recommended it to me.  I thought it was very interesting, but it left me with an unsatisfactory understanding of some basic concepts.  There was not much in the way of discussion that could be of help to the reader.  Some of the concepts were very vague, but others were quite specific.  The concepts are not even fully explained, which left me a little disappointed.  If you are interested in basic concepts and don't want to read this, do not read this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very difficult to believe that the author was so much more than an "author" and just a "speculative" writer.  The whole book is based on a series of letters written by the late George Orwell, in which he is trying to make sense of his own writing and his life, but the "authority" here seems to be the same one that the whole "New York Times" thing was based on!  I was not satisfied with the "clue" that the writer gave us about the "Communist Party" (although I suppose this may have been an intentional reference) and the rest of the "plot" (which is really more of a "plotting") that is presented in the book.  I would not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know what to say about this book.  The whole thing is just plain boring and uninteresting.  If you like a little adventure in a book, then this is probably the book for you, but I think that this book is just not very well written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on this topic and have to say that this one was very confusing. I really do not understand the rationale behind it, why the author has chosen to use it to teach the general population. It is very difficult to follow, it is very slow, it does not offer much in the way of actual application to your everyday life.  I cannot recommend this book as an introduction to this subject for the general public 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a pity to waste a good book, which could have been a very interesting one, but I don't know how to approach this book, it's very hard to find a basic idea of what this book is about. I think it's interesting that it talks about the importance of good electronic devices and the importance to be able to use them.  But it doesn't really have much else to offer. I am very interested in learning more about the role of technology in the world today.  If you want to see what is really happening, I would suggest you read something like this: The Digital Age: How the World is Changing by John Perry 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like to hear a story, then this book is a wonderful piece of writing.  But if you are a regular reader of "A Man of Letters", then I don't know if you'll enjoy this book.  I mean, I've read it twice, but I've lost interest in the stories.  They are a bit repetitious.  The only positive thing I can say about it is that the writing style is very strong and the characters are very interesting.  Not much else, really 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed. I expected something like "The Adventures of an Aikido Master" or "The Aikidos". Instead, it seems to be more like "Battling Aikids" or maybe "The Power of Aikida" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love the book but it just felt like it was too much of a chore to keep up with the story.  I was not interested in the idea that a child would ever need to know how to spell words like 'quot', 'vase', 'possum' etc.  The author didn't even bother spelling out the entire story. The spelling was mostly awkward and I felt the need to stop in the middle of the story because I couldn't remember it.   I'm sure that there are better books out there but it was definitely not one I'd recommend to a child 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea that the U.S. can't stop killing people is an outright lie, and I don't know what other reviewers are getting out of this. It was clearly written as a plea for sympathy, not as an attempt to educate. The book was a complete waste of time.  I would never waste my time reading something like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very strange book.  Not a story, but more like a rambling diatribe that makes it difficult to understand the story.  I would not recommend this book for anyone that does not like historical fiction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book difficult to read. The stories are very difficult to follow and the characters seem to be so random and out of place that they don't make any sense. I was afraid I was reading a collection of stories that had no basis in reality. I kept thinking I was going to finish this book before I would get to the next one, because I could not believe the stories were not even real. I felt as if I was being used as an example to tell the reader what a bad novel could be. This book was very disappointing, and I will not be purchasing another book by George R.R. Martin. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so boring. I could not care less about the story and the characters.  It would have been better to write a more entertaining book such as The King of the Jungle.  I think the author had trouble putting together a coherent plot.  The characters were so one-dimensional.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a history buff.  I've read the book, but not enough to really understand it.  So I will be honest with you, I have not read this book, nor have I read the other volumes in this series, either.  If you are a history buffs and are looking for something to learn about history, I would recommend you go read the history of Rome (not this one).  I will say the same about the other books in this book series, however.  The rest of the series I would suggest for those who would like to learn something about history.  Otherwise, this book is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I didn't like this book is that I didn;t have any idea what it was trying to teach.  I was given an overview of the story, but never knew what the plot was.  It's not clear that it is supposed to be a horror story, as it was supposed to seem to be, because it is more of a slow paced, boring, predictable story.  However, this book has so much wasted space that it will never sell, it will just be a waste of time.  The characters are not interesting, the plot is not interesting.  If this book was a horror book, I would have been a little more scared, but I would not have enjoyed it.  Instead, I have spent over three hours reading it, which is a waste.  But the fact is that the plot and characters were not worth reading a book for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a collection of anecdotes from a variety of individuals. It is also a compilation of some of the same anecdotes as "The New Testament and Other Ancient Texts" (which I did not enjoy at all).  The author gives the anecdotes a certain amount of credence by stating that they are based on the writings of other people.  There is no mention in the text that this is a text which the author has read.  If you are interested in seeing the author's personal opinion on the New Testament, I would suggest the works of Michael Maury and Richard Carrier.  I was not able to finish this work. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all. The book isn't very good. There's not much plot, and there's not many pages worth reading. It reads like a synopsis. You can guess what's coming. If you like action and action novels, you'll like this one. But if you like character driven books, you might want to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very little information on how to use the software to create a new electronic device.  If you want to write a software for a DVD player, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little confusing and I can see why some of the other reviewers would not like it. The main idea in the book is that the book gives a good explanation of the Christian doctrines and the church in general.  It is not.  The book is mostly a chronicle of the opinions of Christians, not a comprehensive summary of the Church.  A lot of the arguments are not as strong as they could be, and the book spends a lot of time on the same few things, making it a little hard to follow.  If you are a Christian, I would advise you to skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time, and there is nothing new or interesting in it. It does have some interesting points, but it is not worth the money, since the book only mentions 5% of the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea that I would want to learn from a book written by an English major was laughable.  The book is very boring.  It seems to have been written for a lower level undergraduate rather than for a graduate.  I don't know how it is that such a book exists.  In fact, I would rather read one by David J. O'Connor, a professor at Stanford.  He is a masterful writer, but he knows the art of writing.  As I read this book, I found it very difficult to understand what he was trying to teach.  Perhaps it was because he was writing for undergraduates.  But, I must say, the content was not as good as some of his other books.  There was nothing to show for the price of this book.  If you are a graduate student, go for a better book by a professor of English who knows English and English literature.  For a high school student, read a good book: "The Book of the Dead" by Joseph Conrad.  This is a very good book, but I believe that the idea to make the book about a story was wrong.  Conrad is a genius.  To read this novel is to realize the depth and complexity of the human mind.  Go for "A Delicate Touch" by Henry James.  Don't be afraid to look at the history of the novel.  You may find that the book "The Seven Ages of Man" by Fyodor Dostoevsky is very helpful.  These books are not easy to find, but they are worth finding.  Take time to look for them.  Then come back and see how Conrad's work affects you.  After that, I suggest you read "The Secret History" by Richard Hofstadter.  Hofstadt is a man who knows the history and who wrote a wonderful book.   I do not know the book by Conrad. I will look for it and I will recommend it to you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book. I had seen it listed in a book review that it is an anthology, but not sure it was the same as the previous anthologies. The book itself was a disappointment. I was expecting more stories that were more than a quick story to put the reader through. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the least coherent thing I have read in ages. It is nothing like the previous volumes. The story is a disaster and the characters seem not to have a clue. The dialogue is not coherent and is completely ridiculous. The only redeeming aspect is the artwork and drawings, which are very charming. However, these characters are far too stereotypical. There are so many obvious stereotypes in this book, and I would never buy it again if I ever read it. It has nothing to do with history, it has everything to do withe the author. I would not buy it for the purpose of learning anything, I would buy it to satisfy my boredom. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a book lover, and the author is one of my least favorite authors.  However, this is one book that I would love to read.  The author spends a lot of time discussing the concept of "greed" and the evils of greed.  While there are some interesting ideas and arguments, it is very hard to follow and is very disjointed.  There are some really good ideas in this book, but it would be a lot better if it were read as a series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in love with the book. It's the only book I have read in the last three years and it was a real struggle to finish.  I thought it would be an enjoyable read but it was just boring.  It was a very predictable plot and I found it hard to relate to any of the characters.  The only reason I finished it is because I got to learn a lot of information about the world.  But when you read one book you will get tired of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book, but it is a classic, a very old and popular book. It is full of examples of what I can only describe as very bad examples.  The examples are not even correct, but the examples are so obscure that it is very difficult to tell. The book could have been done much better.  I am hoping to find some other good book on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was actually very excited about this book, until I actually read it.  The author clearly is a bit of a fan of the classic Stephen King, but not to the degree one would expect of a writer whose name is spelled out as Stephen King.  King has written some truly wonderful books (The Shining, Pet Sematary, and The Green Mile) and this one falls short of the mark.  It does not explain King's unique world view, nor does it give an overview of his other books.  If you like King, don't bother with this one.  I have only read King's two "novels" so far (Prisoners and the short story The Body), and the rest of his work is far superior to this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love the concept, but it is too long.  If I were to read this book, I would just give up on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the title. The book starts with a bang and never goes back to it.  It's too long and I wanted to read more and the author does.  However, the prose is repetitive and the book becomes dull after a while.  I can see why this book has received so much praise, however I feel this book is far from an enjoyable read.  The book has a number of examples that I feel were not appropriate.  Some examples include: a man and woman are having sex and the man wants to sleep with his wife, but the wife wants to stay in the bedroom with him.  While this is a good example, I would never suggest the same example to the reader.  In a few cases the reader could get confused and feel like it is sexual abuse to be wanting to sleep in bed with a woman and want to do what the man is doing.  This is a problem that has existed for a long time.  A good book would help the reader to not be confused and to think for a moment about why this is happening.  Perhaps the reader would also ask themselves why the man who did not want to sleep would not want his wife to sleep next to him 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very weak book. If I wanted a book on how to be an idiot I'd have to go find one that was a better book. The book is about how to not be an asshole but rather be an intelligent man.  If you are an idiot it is not necessary to stop being an idiot.  I do not recommend this book to anyone.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little boring, with the usual bland descriptions of food. The meat of the book was the recipes, but they were all so boring that I didn't want to read them!  I didn''t enjoy the recipes at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a sad excuse for an author to write a book like this.  There's nothing interesting or original about this.The book is just a collection of quotes, and they're repetitive.  I don't know how anyone can expect to learn much from this.There's no reason to bother with this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was never a fan of this author.  I am not sure I agree with her theories.  The story is too short.  A story that could have been more than a few hundred pages long.  Too much information in a short space of time.  Her explanations and conclusions are very basic.  She does not explain why there are many UFO sightings and why they are so common.  But don't worry, it is explained.  Why the UFO sightings are so frequent is because she says so!  She tells us this in her very long essay.  So if you read this essay, keep it in mind.  There are several other essays that make it very hard to believe the story is true.  They are all more than 100 pages long and she could have spent an entire book explaining it.  If you want to see a more complete explanation, look at the book "The Flying Saucer Review".  I found it very interesting.  You won't like it as much as I did though 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment to me.  It lacked any substance and was repetitive.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure this book was fun to read, but I would have been much more comfortable if it was just a few more paragraphs.  I can't believe the amount of detail that is put into each of the characters, but it's almost too much.  It gets so much better in the third chapter.  There are some excellent characters, however, and this book could have been a little more fun, but overall it's a bit of a slog.  Don't be fooled by the title, the book is not a romantic comedy, it's just a story about two people falling in love.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is long and drab, but very interesting. I am not sure what kind of "fantasy" this is, but I am still trying to figure out what to make of it. The plot is a bit boring and not very interesting, and the characters are pretty stereotypical.  The story is also not particularly funny.  It would have been a lot better if they had gone with something else to do with the characters.  Maybe they could have done a bit more with the plot and made it more funny or interesting.  I don't really like fantasy novels, I have read some good ones and this is certainly not the best, but it is still a good book, just not very original 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I am an avid reader and I do not believe I have ever read a book like this before.  However, this is the book of my first year of law school.  It is not a great book. I am not sure if I will be able to finish this book in two months 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete mess. It is almost laughable that a writer could come up with such a story. What a way to ruin a book! It is the worst book I have ever read. I would recommend this book to no one. It has some really good ideas, but the writing is horrible. It really does take you out of the story and take you away from the main theme of the book.  It is a terrible book and I am really upset with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very long, dry, and dull account of the life of Jesus. It would have been far more interesting to have seen Jesus' life as a man, not a Jew, in which the Holy Spirit manifested to Jesus.  The book lacks both substance and originality. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to believe that such a title could be produced, especially when I had read this same book several years earlier 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read several books on how to get a book cover from a designer. I was very excited to find this book in the "designing" section.  But it was really not that helpful.  I am not sure how the designer is supposed to do that.  If you are not a designer, don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting to read a novel that would take place in New York City.  I read a lot of historical fiction and I would have guessed that this was something very different.  The book is a little confusing, but there are some really terrible details and scenes that don't make much sense.  There is no real plot, and not much detail is given about the history.  It's very difficult to understand what is going on and why some of the characters act the way they do.  And it gets worse.  Every chapter is more confusing than the one before, and the story is almost incoherent.  In fact, I have not read another book by the author that is so poorly plotted and plotted so badly.  But I don't feel that I can trust him, so I will give this book a negative recommendation.  If you're interested in historical fiction, I would suggest something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can understand why people are interested in this book, but I am not one of those people.  It is a collection of random anecdotes about people who had very little success in the early part of their careers.  If you read it, you will be disappointed.  Don't bother 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book. It's a collection of stories, each with a different theme and style. None of them have any semblance of substance. The stories are not interesting and have no real plot to them. Most of them feel like they are told by a bored teenager or a bored old man. The author's lack of experience in storytelling makes this book very uneven, but I can't give it much credit. I would recommend you read the first chapter, or at least the first two chapters of the first book in the series. Then you will see the true depth of this author's talent. The rest of the book is just recycled filler. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dull. The stories are not memorable, the characters are not likable, and the dialogue is not funny. If you like science fiction or fantasy, this book may be for you. If not, do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read. I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really disappointed in this book. I have read so many excellent books on the Bible, and I was so hoping that this one would be a real success. I was hoping that it would be so good that I could read it again, to re-acquaint myself with the book. However, I found that it was actually more about the Bible than I had hoped.  It is definitely not a Bible for beginners.  However, it does have the benefit of being a book that can be read in a short amount of time.  In order to keep it interesting, you have to make a lot of guesses as to what is going on.  The author makes several mistakes here, and the author's style is very slow.  He uses many different styles of writing, but he does not attempt to write in any one style at all.  This book could be used as a textbook for those who want to learn how to read the Bible.  If you do, don't buy this book, as it is not a bible for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have ever read.  The characters are flat and uninteresting.  One or two things were interesting, but not enough.  There are many more interesting characters in the novels by Richard Bachman and Paul Smith.  I would not have read this book if I hadn't been so bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a professor of sociology. He had no clue what to write.  I would give him a "D" for the book.  If you want to know how to write a good book, you go to one of the other sources.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a terrible book. I would recommend for anyone who wants a quick read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read and reread many of the works by Pynchon and I would like to say that he has a certain ability to capture the essence of his writing.  However, this book simply does not live up to the standards he set for himself.  His ability to evoke emotion is so great that it is sometimes difficult to believe that the stories in this book are real.  I am not saying that he is a bad writer or that he lacks talent, only that I do not feel that this is his best work.  This is a book that does not capture the unique qualities of the man that Pynckon is.  As a matter of fact, I would say that it may be Pynkon's weakest book.  If it were any worse, then I would agree with the author that it would not be worth reading.  Perhaps the title of this book would be appropriate:  Why Don't You Read Pynnky 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of Michael Crichton. I've read all of his books and have a deep appreciation for his work. I don't think this book was worth the $25.00 I paid for it.  It was not that bad. It just had the same old ideas, with the added extra of crudeness.  I wish I had read it, it was a little funny, and it was very informative, but I would not want to read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have not read this book, then I would suggest that you don't bother reading the book. It is a long, slow-paced, dry, technical book. Don't waste your time. I would recommend a more recent book: The Book of the Unnamed Beast: How to Build a Better Society 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of mistakes and contradictions.  The title is misleading.  It does not state that this is a book about an Indian, a "Kathoey" or a "kung-an", or even a "Pathan" or "Kuntar".  It is a "Caste" book, not a "Drukpa" book.  And it does not make any sense to divide the Kathoeys into "upper" and "lower" castes.  As a Kathua, you must be able to see and hear and feel the differences of a Kuntar's caste.  You must not be able or use the caste-system of the Kuntars.  Your parents must have told you to do so.  If your parents were not Kuntara, they must have been lying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off very promising with an interesting take on a classic book. However, after the first few pages the book falls apart.  The plot gets increasingly convoluted as the book goes on, and it's hard to keep track of the characters.  I would rather read a good book than one with so many unanswered questions 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't care for the book.  The book seemed to be a compilation of excerpts from the interviews with various individuals that were written to make a few statements.  It was nothing more than a compilation.  There were few questions answered in the book that I found very interesting.  I really would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so filled with details that it's almost hard to keep track.  I think the author has been confused about what to write and what to make it interesting.  The ending is too obvious.  This was an easy book to read but a hard book to keep up with.  If you are looking for something to read that will get you thinking then this is not the book for you.  But if you like the idea of a historical novel this is probably for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book a few times, but it just doesn't grab me.  I mean, I really like the ideas in it, but the prose is so choppy and it gets so muddled sometimes.  There's no suspense, no excitement, nothing.  It's a very disjointed book, with the plot being tossed about in a way that makes it hard to follow.  The characters are not very believable, as you can see by the fact that the first three pages I had to stop reading to stop thinking that one of them would die in a bad way.  You see, I just couldn't take it anymore!  I had a hard time even reading the next two pages because I couldn't even tell what was happening!  The ending, which is the final chapter, is also very predictable, as the author has no idea what he's doing.  Don't bother reading it, I don't think you'll like it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total disappointment.  A little story, nothing to do with the real world, just a lot of clunky ideas, no characters or plot, and most importantly a huge amount of unnecessary and pointless information.  You could have read the book in 3-4 hours and still not been able to fill in the blanks.  This is not a book that I would recommend for anyone who is new to the genre.  It's best if you read it by a seasoned book reviewer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the second book in a series, and it's already a mess.  I was expecting something like "The Book of God", which was a fun read and I found the writing enjoyable.  The idea of this series is interesting, but the execution was lacking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I've read many of them, but I've never seen such a poor description of the work of Shakespeare.  This is an obvious attempt to make Shakespeare more popular with the masses, by focusing on his plays.  It does not make sense, or give the reader any insight into Shakespeare's writing, or the playwright's intentions.  The main problem here is that Shakespeare isn't presented as a "drama", as is often the case.  He's presented as "a play", which is a huge step backward in terms of modern popular culture.  However, this playwright is presented as an "intelligent" man who knew exactly what he was doing.  We get this as a result of a poor research style and an absence of any critical thinking skills.  All of this is done to sell books, which is fine for the publishers of the book, but it has nothing to do with the actual playwright.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea what was going on with the book until after I finished it. The book is really very hard to understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't understand how a good book can be so bad.  This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  It is just one long story about the story.  I will not buy another one of this books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dry and dull. It is written in the  first person perspective of a male college student.  He is not given any information on  the world at large, or what the world is like.  It is quite boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not funny.  I could have read something that was funny, but this book is just not funny!  The author tries to make it seem funny, and he has an audience that's willing to laugh at some of the jokes, but he has to try very hard to make some of them funny.He does try hard to be funny, just not enough.The plot is not very original, and the story is not much better than the ones in other books on this subject, but the story itself is not that interesting, and if the reader is looking for something to read, this is not it.  The book should have been a better book, it's not funny enough.  It's not really a bad one, just one that I would never read again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those "I'm in love with you" books.  You know what I'm talking about, right?  The lovey-dovey thing that you want to tell your spouse about, and then have to do the "how did I like that?" thing to convince yourself that they really like you.  I thought the book was okay, but I was not expecting the "you're just not my type" thing.  Instead, it was "you really like me, but not in a romantic way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really hated this book. I am not a fan of horror books. I just didn't like the idea of going into a book that was just about "blood".  It was very dull, and I just wasn't interested in it.  I got it on my third read.  The plot is very predictable, and the characters were not believable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a good book, but it's not.  It's very dry and not worth the money.  The information was not clearly presented.  I think the author could have done a better job of writing a positive review about this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a class.  It was not very interesting, and it is really not a good book for someone who wants to write a positive review about one good book.  I do not believe that the author intended to write this book, as I was very frustrated by the chapters.  There are many good books that are available to students for this purpose.  What I have written here is for students who want to learn how to write and how to create a positive book. If you do not write a negative book, then you probably should not be teaching.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of the information here is wrong, or the book just isn't helpful.  The book says that there were 5,000 men killed in Vietnam in 1967.  There were only 5,005.  I know the numbers are wrong because I have read it myself.  But if there were 4,000 dead, who's to say the book is not true?  It certainly isn't useful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very little depth, but if you want a quick overview of current events then this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is interesting, but this is a very simplistic book. It really doesn't even begin to discuss the topic. The book seems to be more of a description of the book than it is a true book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in a very superficial way. I would have given it a better review if it were based on some more scholarly work, not just "this". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very strange, slow paced, and unfocused novel.  The characters are not fleshed out, and there is not enough time to get a sense of the characters' thoughts.  However, it is not all bad.  Some of the descriptions are beautiful, and the book has a very interesting plotline.  I did not like the ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book, yet I find myself in the same position as Mr. Dolan. I have been looking for the book. I found it in the library, and I thought it was a little funny. I had not read anything by Dolan, and had no idea what he was about. The only thing I learned from the book is to keep a notebook, keep a pen nearby, and write down the names of the characters.  It was boring to begin with, then got worse as I kept looking at the names.  I kept thinking that I would finish this book after the next one.  That's how I got to this point.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first part was okay. I expected something different. I didn't like the second part. I wanted to have more character development. I liked the idea of the book being about a relationship. I really didn't get it. I feel like this book is more about how to deal with grief than it is about relationships. It is not a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not a book for a teenager, but a book to introduce a teenager to the world of philosophy. It is a book, however, that the author can do no right, because it is too vague. It does not really cover any major philosophy, it does not even mention any specific topic of philosophy, and it does mention only the most common philosophical concepts. It could have been a better book if the author had just described the basic ideas of what philosophy is, such as the existence of God, and if the book had not been so dense and unclear. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could have read this book as a child because it was so confusing.  It seemed that the author thought he was making it up, so there was a lot of blank space.  This is a book that should be used as a guide to help explain what the Bible really says, not as a bible to follow.  A quick look at the pages from Genesis would have revealed that the whole thing was just plain wrong.  The first four chapters seemed to be completely lost on the author and he didn't even try to make it up again!  A few pages in the Bible should have been enough for anyone to see that the story of Genesis was a lie!  If you're going to use a book to learn about God, then don't do it this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring.  It's not worth reading.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  I would advise anyone with any interest in the subject to buy a book by the American History Professor who wrote it rather than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so confused by the amount of material this book contains.  The book is full of errors and lies.  For instance, the book claims that the Bible was written by the apostle Paul and that it was written at some point between 100 and 150 AD.  If you actually believe this, you have probably gone to church, attended church services, listened to sermons, read the Bible, etc., and are probably a Christian.  This book is written by a Christian and is written for Christians to use as a guide.  I would not waste my money on this book.  It is a total waste of money and time to buy it.  Do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story of the birth of Jesus is the central theme, but the rest of the story is quite weak. The author does a great job at describing Jesus as a young man, but he makes no attempt at character development or character development as an adult. I found the narrative quite repetitive. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something different from this one.  But then again, I was expecting something more entertaining.  This book just goes over the same material as previous ones 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rather see a less biased account of the war from someone who actually knew the war and what it was all about.  The author gives the impression that he is a historian.  I doubt he is, but I am not a historian myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very disappointing.  It was boring.  There was little detail.  The characters were very flat.  I did not find the story engaging or enjoyable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are like me, you probably had the idea that this was going to be the next great book. You can't get much better than the last one, but this one is a complete disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring. It is the same type of boring that I've read in other books. The book begins with a positive review about how much this book has improved since it was first published. Then it goes on and on about how the book is so much better than the first one. This book should be skipped 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main reason I did not like this book is that I am not familiar with the subject.  The author makes several errors, such as the definition of "psychology" which he claims was coined by Dr. John S. Eccles.  What a shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not at all what I expected. I don't know why this book was recommended by the book club. I am just trying to save a little time on my own research. If I had to choose between this and "The Lost Book of Macarthur", I would choose "The Forgotten Art" over "Macarthur" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very shallow, tedious, and boring book.  It is so badly written that I cannot see how it could be considered a success.  If you want a book on the history of Islam, read a good book: The History of the Arab Nations by Stephen Cook.  The problem with this book is that it is not about the Arab nations in general, but about the Arabian peninsula specifically.  This book, however, is not the only one in which the author makes such a statement.  For example, he tells us that there are only three Muslims nations: Turkey, Iran, and Iraq.  He is apparently unaware that there is a fourth Muslim nation, Egypt, which is a nation.  All of the Muslim nations are not only distinct, but also have distinct languages and cultures.  So how could the author expect anyone to believe that the Arabs had no differences in culture or language?  In the next part of the book, the author tells us of the rise and fall of the Mamluk Empire.  What he fails to mention is that the Mamluls were Muslims and that they were a major part of Islam.  But he continues with this "history" and tells us the Mamilids rose in the 14th century and then fell into decline.  How does this "fact" help the reader?  The fact that the Muslims are a nation or that they are distinct?  If the reader does not accept the "fact", what is the point of the rest of the history?  All I can say is that this book, which, by the way, was a best seller, is NOT worth the price I paid.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on the recommendation of my husband and was very disappointed in it.  I would not recommend it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I had read this before I entered grad school and had to take the GRE.  There is a lot of grammar and word use that can be confusing for the first half of the book.  The second half is a slog that could have been avoided if it was only a couple chapters longer.  I think the author would be better off focusing on teaching the material rather than writing a work that you will have to read cover to cover 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so much a waste of time.  I know there are more interesting and interesting people and stories in this world.  If you're interested in a good book, check out some of the great ones in this series.  This one is not.  It's very dull and boring.  The characters are all really stereotypical and stereotypical characters.  One character in particular I really dislike.  But there are so many more interesting characters and some really great stories that this book could have explored.  What I wish for is for this series to continue.  Please Mr. Harris, don't go away.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an attempt to explain the "New Testament" by a Catholic theologian. It does a poor job, because the author is not clear, not organized, and not well informed. The book is full of half-truths, half-insane explanations and half-bizarre arguments. The author does not understand the New Testament, the authorship or the meaning of the text.  The author has a lot of experience with the church, but his arguments are completely unhelpful.  I am not a believer, and I would never attempt to use this book as an excuse for Christianity 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published by a big corporation. The story is a little long, and the book is very confusing. It has some pictures of pictures, but I was not sure how to get the story. The pictures are not helpful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bunch of nonsense that makes no sense.  I wish the author would write another book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a huge fan of this book.  I didn't know much about the book before reading it.  This was a book that I felt was not interesting enough.  Not only was I disappointed, I also felt that the author, for whatever reason, wasn't even trying.  What a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many of these books. This one was the worst of the bunch. I was confused and frustrated.  The stories were repetitive and the ending was lame.  I would never read another book from this author.  But don't judge a bad electronic device by a bad work.  It's still a good book, just not great 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not an expert in this field.  The book was a mess.  Some of the information was incorrect.  I had to do some research on a few pages.  It was a waste of my time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to get some info on a specific topic or if you want a good book to read in the first chapter then this is the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it interesting to see how many different "how to" books I have seen on the market, and how many have either made no attempt to provide the reader with a detailed instruction manual, or have actually offered an almost complete lack of information. The book does a decent job of presenting a lot of information on different aspects of growing, but it fails to provide basic, practical, and even somewhat realistic directions for how to go about it. This is because the book spends so much time on the minutiae of getting started and maintaining that you will never actually be able to begin and maintain your vegetable garden. There is a lot more information on growing vegetables in the book than there is time to cover, and the book would have been more useful to me if it had spent more time on just "how do I start" rather than the "how should I start".  I will certainly not read the book again because I find it incredibly boring, and because the author appears to be extremely biased against growing vegetables 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the worst I've ever read. It is filled with lots of clichés, and it is almost impossible to believe that any of them are true. I just wanted to skip ahead to the next chapter because the ideas were so out of the ordinary that I couldn't believe what I was reading. The book does contain some facts that are correct, but they are far too many to believe them.The author even says that he is an astrologer, but the book does not say where this person got this information. The only thing he has really nailed is that he has an ability to predict the future. The rest of the book is filled in with lots and lots of formulas, and I have lost all respect for this author.The book could be better if it was a true story.  I believe it is a work of fiction, but it was not worth the money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story itself is pretty interesting, but it's hard to relate to it because the author makes it very clear that he doesn't understand what his subject is talking about.  I would recommend this book as an educational aid for students, but the content is so boring that you'll never understand the subject, and you will have wasted your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, David S. Cohen, could not give the most straightforward answer to the question "What is an Orthodox Christian?" I suppose it is a complex question. Cohen spends a lot of time looking at various religious groups in the Orthodox Church, but the answers are so vague as to be meaningless. I would not trust any of his answers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  I found it very boring and I had to slog through several chapters to get through.  If you are looking for a quick read, I suggest the "Gore" trilogy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will say this for this book: the cover art is very cool. the text is boring. the book was published by a small press which had to have a hand in it's demise.  The story, if not the writing, could have been better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has so many spelling mistakes and errors that I just had to throw it out 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an interesting book and I enjoyed the book. I was hoping for something that was a bit more insightful and deeper than a review. Instead it's an incredibly shallow book that is a shame because it really was such a pleasure to read. I can't imagine how anyone could enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is very interesting, but it is too long. If you read this one, then don't skip to the next book, the story is just too tedious. I'm not going to recommend this book, it is a slog to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the others who have written negative reviews about this book. I feel this book was very much of a promotional gimmick. The book lacks depth and detail, which is a real shame because this is an excellent book. It just feels like the author is doing what most writers do when they want to make a splash: make a quick buck. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very boring. The chapters are boring and the subject matter is very dry.  The stories are very boring and unoriginal and there are too many spelling errors.   The author needs to make a new book or at least give it to his daughter or her son.  I doubt if anyone will ever read this book.  It is simply boring and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the worst I've ever read. The plot was boring, the characters were stupid, the plot was ridiculous, the story itself was unbelievable. I'm not going to waste my money on this book, unless it's a complete and utter disaster that will leave me in tears 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a hard time understanding how the author could possibly sell a book like this, but I found it hard to believe he could actually write a negative book.  I read the book as a review.  He just kept making me want to know more, but kept giving me reasons why I should not.  This book is not a good book, it's not even a bad one.  If you want a book on how to get rich, start with "How to Win Money with a Business Idea" by Michael Roberts.  But if you want something to read that will help you to find out how to make money with a business idea, this book is absolutely worthless 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring.  If you want to know about some ancient Egyptian art that is really cool, read the book on the gods 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, an American-born Australian, wrote the book as a personal essay and as a public service to the Australian public.  The book contains only three short essays on the topic of "gender fluidity" which are written in a style which, I have found, is very different from that used by a person who knows the subject matter very well.  This book, written by an American author who does not speak the Australian    vocabulary, was not a good choice for a public school text.  Instead, I recommend the "Transgender in the Media: A Guide for Media Professionals",  written by the author, for an examination of the issues related to this new phenomenon 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with the intent of learning how to cook.  However, I am not a professional cook, so the recipes are a bit much to stomach 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a fan of this book until I found out that it was a collection of the essays of the late Charles Dickens.  It would have been better to have published a collection by Charles Dickens with his own commentary on his own work.  The essays were mostly descriptive and not particularly enlightening 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very shallow.  It is not a realistic work, it is an attempt to show you how to do research.  A great book for students but not for someone who is serious about researching a subject.  I recommend you research a few more books instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was not a very convincing writer, so I wasn't terribly surprised to find this book so dry and uninspiring.  I really felt like the book was written by a group of college students who were just so bored and bored that they wrote it and didn't bother to read it, much less critique it.  This book was very disappointing.  The characters are not even the same characters in each chapter.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like to read about a man who is gay and not straight, this is for you.  The story is so long and repetitive that you can hardly keep up.  I was expecting more of a life story from the man, not so many pages about him going through life with a different partner in each chapter.  If he had only gone through a couple of chapters in each of his past relationships, he would have written a much more memorable book.  Instead, he goes through a lot of talking and a lot  of telling and nothing that can be taken as fact.  There are also some really dumb ideas in this book. For example, it's claimed that "gay" is a new word, so this book is about the definition of gay.  Why would a man define himself as gay?  A man cannot define himself.  But a woman can, and this book presents that concept 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is an advertisement for an author's book.  It is very unorganized and very boring.  The main characters are very one-dimensional.  In the beginning of the book the book starts off with two main characters, but the reader never learns anything about them.  If you don't like the book, don't waste your time reading it.  I wouldn't recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the epitome of all the other books in this genre 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is confusing. This book is not funny, and it is not a good book. The first chapter is an essay by an actor, who has read this book.  This essay is not in the style of an actor.  It is not amusing.  The second chapter, which is about a woman's marriage, is not very funny.  I have to agree with the other reviewers about this book, it is very boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is told in a slightly less than inspiring manner.  The characters were not that interesting.  A few of the scenes could have been written better.  It was very confusing to me, not in a good way.  This book would be better with some new and interesting characters.  If this book is meant to be a work of historical fiction, I am disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very shallow.  The story is very limited.  There are some interesting ideas, but the author never really engages with the story.  I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book before I started the first book of the "Dark Side" trilogy.  The plot and the characters were all pretty much the same.  I felt that this book really needed a fresh start and the story needs to be developed in some new direction.  But this book is just a bunch of recycled characters who seem to be trying to find some meaning in life.  There are some decent scenes but most are just a rehashing of the original.  So much time was wasted with a bunch  of characters who never had anything interesting to say.  It is very hard to really get invested in the story because it is so much time wasted on repetition 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a very serious reader.  I love the books I've read that contain stories of various lengths.  But this one did not have my interest.  It was just too long.  The only thing I can say for it is that it's probably a lot of fun to read.  However, the stories could have been condensed a little and it would have been better.  If this is a story of a bad electronic device, it's not very good.  You would be better off reading an electronic device: "What if a DVD player failed to play a DVD in three days, and the next morning, the disc was no longer playable?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very difficult book to read, the plot line and characters were so far away from the plotline of the book, I just couldn't get into it.  I found it a bit boring, not much in the way of action or suspense.  It didn't really interest me and I wasn't really interested in any of the characters, I felt it was just a bit of a waste of time.  The characters were just a little too generic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a lot of nonsense and unnecessary repetition.  I read through the whole thing and it didn't help.  The ending was pointless and the plot lacked any real point 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have preferred a more subtle look at the story and its themes. This is a textbook case of what happens when one writer and another decides to try to turn a simple tale into a complex historical drama.  The characters have to be explained away, and the story is full of long-winded speeches, pointless back and forth, and pointless character references.  This book is a mess, and a waste of time.  I'm disappointed in the attempt to make a complex story into a shallow one.  It's not worth the price of admission 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a high school student and this book is not a good book for me. It is not the best book I have read. The characters are so boring. They are not interesting or funny. I feel that they are not even human. They do not even have a reason to be like the other characters. The story is not that important to the story. It just does not go that far. I would rather see something more creative, such as a book that is more about the characters, and not just what happens to them. It would be better if they had something to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book, it does not have much to do with the book I read before it.  The main theme seems to be on the "crisis" in China, and I'm not so sure this really needed to be explained in such a book.  Perhaps I have read too much about it, or perhaps the book is so vague as to be almost useless.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a pretty weak book.  I was hoping for more.  It was pretty hard to follow.  What really made this book worse was that the author actually quoted several of the characters in the book. It made it seem like it was more of a "how to" book rather than an "what's wrong with you?" book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this would be a positive review about the book: I was looking for a positive book review. I was not.  I will have to admit I am not a professional journalist, but I still found this to be a rather odd, non-sequential story. It seems to me that the author, for whatever reason, wanted to put all of her theories in one place so that the reader could choose which ones to believe.  If this were a true story, I would expect it to be told in one of the formative parts of the book, perhaps the first one, or the second.  This isn't.  What I found instead was a collection of scattered observations, mostly about the early days of the Civil War and some other issues of interest.  It is interesting, however, that this was the first book of the series that was not written by a journalist.  In fact, this was not a book that was written by anyone at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the "History of the Roman Empire" books on the web.  The only reason I didn't buy this one was because I had already read some of the others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very disjointed. I am not an English teacher, but I do know that one needs to go through the work of Shakespeare in order to do any work. This book makes it seem like you just have to know some lines and that's all that is required. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book and can see why the publisher released it.  It is a collection of stories, but not a true story.  I will never read another book of this nature.  What is the purpose of publishing this book?  I do not know.  The only reason I give it a negative rating is because the stories are so short and that makes it harder to enjoy them.  A good book for an aspiring author to read would be one that had more stories with more detail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is full of useless information, and the author is too lazy to mention the important details of the case.  The most shocking thing about this book is the fact that the prosecutor did not even bother to hire an expert witness who would have pointed out that the defendant was not guilty.  For that matter, even the defense attorney did not ask for an expert to testify about the defendant's mental capacity, which would have been relevant to the guilt or innocence of the defendant.  However, the defense attorneys did ask for experts to testify as to the credibility of the prosecution's witnesses and witnesses for the defense, so that is a good thing.  It's unfortunate that the book was not based on an actual case 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has nothing going for it. I did not like it, but I could hardly write a negative about a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book written by a young man who just can't get any attention.  I'm not sure what it is that this guy needs to read.  His book is full of clichés.  He is a very interesting person and I would like to know why he writes so much.  For one thing, I don't like to read a lot of things that I have written before.  Perhaps it's because I have a big ego and it's not worth me doing so.  In addition, I would just like to see a better book written about the Civil War.  The story of the Confederacy and its struggle against the United States is fascinating to me.  But I have seen the other side.  This one seems to be written by an individual who can't put his ego aside 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the author got caught up in the book, and he just kept getting stuck in.  He kept throwing ideas into the book that didn't make sense.  And some of his ideas were just plain wrong.  I wish he'd just stopped and realized he had a long way to go before writing a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of money.  I wish it would have been better than the first one, but I had to finish it!  It did not go as far as I expected.  What a mess!  If you like the first book you will like this one.  But this one did not take me to a good place.  It was more about the first two books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be one of the worst  I've read in years.  It starts out with the typical first-person narration  that most writers use to tell their story.  The characters don't seem to be real  until the end and the characters seem to speak like they are  talking to one another 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not worth the money. I did not like the first few chapters. I am not a fan of this author. His writing style is really odd and I have to admit that I got a little bored with the book.  He seems to be really proud of his writing. It may be a result of the book being overpriced. I wish I had not spent so much time reading this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on Buddhism in the past.  But I do not have a clear understanding of what the book is about.  It is very much a text book.  The author does not do his research.  I was more interested in the book's conclusion.  For example, the Buddha said he saw a great demon in hell, but the author does NOT say that the demon was the Buddha's teacher, Siddhartha.  If the author really wanted to show the reader the truth, he would have said so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the other reviewers. I don't think this book is that interesting. The story is told very briefly, and there are so many characters that I was getting tired of the plot. The descriptions are not interesting, either, and I couldn't keep up with it. It really reminded me of something I had read in a newspaper. It is a shame to see a good book go this way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's goal is to tell a "love story" with the reader.  I have read several of his books and I have come to the conclusion that he does not have a clue.  The story is not interesting and it does not tell you what you need to know about love.  It is a very confusing story, but the "love" does not seem to have the same emotional intensity as other novels.  If you want to read a "Love Story" with an interesting plot, read "The Day of the Gun" or "The Wedding" or some other books, which tell you how to be with your loved one.  You will learn more about love in those books than from this book.  But this book does not give you the information you need.  Don't waste your money on this book, because the story will not satisfy your curiosity. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  It was not worth the time or money.  The book was not a comprehensive guide to the world's greatest electronic device.  I would have liked to have read more about it and had more pictures.  Not to mention it was pretty much just the information on the DVD, but that's ok.  If I could find another book with the same title I would buy it but I am not sure that would be a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book many times over the years, and have been very disappointed in it.  It has some very good ideas, but is far too technical and tedious to be a good book.  I really wish I could find a good electronic book with an easier to follow format, like a reference book or something like that.  If you are a fan of the electronic books, I suggest you try this one out, and then maybe read some of the other electronic books that have already been written.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of these books, and I have been disappointed.  The first one was very basic.  I wanted to know more about some of the topics, such as the difference between the Protestant Reformation and the Catholic Church, and how those two views came into conflict.  That's the book you need, but there's not much there.  In fact, the author seems to have spent more time on some of his opinions than he has on his research.  He says there are 500 different opinions on the origins of the Protestant faith, and he doesn't even mention the Catholic belief that the Church is "in Christ."  The book could have been more accurate if it had been titled "The Five Hundred Reasons Why I Don't Believe in the Catholic Religion," or something like that.  Maybe it would have been, if only the author hadn't written so many negative reviews about other people's books.  But that's not the kind of book I want to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could have avoided this book. I can't believe I was reading this.  It is very poorly written.  I do not like it because it is not interesting and does not even tell you the basics of your basic business 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by someone who never visited the USA and therefore never knew what it was like here. I will never buy another book by this author. The story itself was not interesting. There were many spelling errors and spelling mistakes that I could not read.  It was not easy reading and the story seemed to be written in a hurry.  The illustrations were not very good.  I will not waste my time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely depressing read.  It's nothing more than a series of short stories.  They are very short and extremely uneventful.  I'm afraid this book will never be remembered.  But I do not like it, so I'm keeping it for future reference.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a little disappointed in this book.  It's not a bad read, but it is not original.  The author talks about many different ideas and topics, and while some of them are very interesting, others don't stand up.  I'm sure I missed out on some interesting ideas, but I would have to agree that most of what is written in this text was already done by other authors.  For example, one of the "new" ideas presented is the idea that the Earth is not at the center of the universe.  This idea is a recent one, so it is possible that I missed something, but if that is the case, it is an example of a bad idea that this book missed.  Don't waste your time, if you like this book, read some of the other books that are more original 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the worst I have ever read. I think it was because I did not realize the full scope of this book until I got to the end. The author spends almost three quarters of the book telling us the "big picture" of some of the most important events in the history of the Soviet Union.  He then tells us all about some of his theories, and then tells you that you now know what those theories are. If you had to be educated about these ideas before you read this book, I am sorry to say that you did not learn much at all.  The book is actually a waste of money.  If you want to learn some ideas, go ahead and read a good book on how Communism came to be, but don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of the stories from the last few years that I've read and can't believe I ever read again.  It's a collection that would make even the most seasoned author look bad, but it's so badly written that it's laughable.  The stories are just a compilation of different ideas and ideas that I thought I knew.  I think the idea of having a story in which the characters live in the same room for 10 years or more is really a good idea 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason I bought this book was because I thought it was a collection of short stories by some new young writer.  The story I got was not the story I was expecting.  A very long and dull account of a group of people who were trying to sell a bad electronic device to a bunch of people.  But there are many stories in this book, none of which are as interesting as the one about the electronic device.  I would rather have read the story about the bad electronic devices first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring, boring, dull, dull read.  If you don't like boring books, go ahead and read the first three.  They are great, so you might like this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the first book in a series and the last book in the series.  I will have to wait till the next book to read the others.  It is a collection of stories by a series of authors.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the book and found it to be a very frustrating book to get to the end.  The story was interesting, but I felt the book needed to be more organized.  I found the ending of the book to be too confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a textbook on what to do with people who are unhappy with their relationships, and not much of an attempt at actual advice.  There are better books out there, and I recommend you look for those instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a class and I thought I was done reading.  The first half I thought was pretty interesting, but the second half was a disaster.  I was left wondering why this book was not interesting at all.  It was not even a funny book at all!  It also made me very angry.  What a bunch of idiots!  What the hell is a book like this for?  I would have written it myself and it would have been better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first part is a little dull and boring. The rest is just boring.  I would have to say it is the weakest book I have read in the past few years.  The characters are so unrealistic and so over the top, and so boring. They are not even funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I can understand the book being written for a college audience and not an adult audience. However, I don't believe the author was capable of writing a realistic book on the subject of marriage. I would advise against reading this book as it does not offer much that is new. I recommend instead to read some of the other books on the same topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the best book of the 20th century written by a Christian.  It was, however, not written by Christian, and therefore it is not a Christian book.  Instead, it is an anti-Christian book. It tells us that Christianity is a religion, not a faith, and that Christianity must be saved.  If that were the case, I would agree with the author, but that is not the case.  The reason for this is because Christianity is an idea, not an organization or a set of beliefs.  In other words, Christianity is not an organized religion.  So, the author is using Christianity as an idea to teach us about religion, rather than as an organized organization.  This author is an atheist, so he can say anything he likes, as he says, "if there is a God," because, as an atheist he is obligated to use the name of God as an honorific.  Therefore, Christianity should be a religion. But it is, and it must be taught to be a good religion, which it is NOT.  Christianity has made its way on to the world stage through the centuries by being the religion of the masses, which means that Christianity has influenced the cultures of the nations through which it has spread.  Because Christianity is spread through the masses and not through organized religion, Christianity has created a lot of problems.  As a result, Christians have to keep the truth hidden from the masses because they are not organized.  I know, I know.  But what good is a bad religion?  It is a good thing that Christians are organized, because they know their religion. However, they do not know that their religion is a BAD religion. If you want a good book about religion (like I do), read "The Bible: A History of the Bible."  If you don't want to read a bad one, read "Ikir: The Prophet of Truth."  You will find out that the religion that you have been taught to believe in is not true.  You can have a bad religious book, and you can have an excellent book, but if you want to have a good one, go read "It's a Wonderful Life: A Story of Faith."  Don't waste your time on "The Great Deception" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of George Orwell and the rest of his books. However, this one was not at all what I expected. I found it difficult to keep track of all the details. I would not recommend this book to anyone, let alone students! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit it  I am not a fan of this book.  I would have prefered a more interesting, more up to date work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a high school graduate and my favorite book in the last year was a History of the American Indians.  So I thought I would try to learn about them in a more personal way.  I was disappointed when I found this book, it is really dry and boring.  The pictures are a little too nice and the text is a little boring. The history of the Indians in this book is a small history, but it is certainly not worth reading for anyone with a passing interest in the Indians. It would be better to look for books about the Indians by other authors 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are not developed. The story is not compelling.  The plot is not interesting.  I would suggest the book to be re-read as it will not be forgotten. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters are not developed, the plot is not engaging and the writing is a bit dull 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on the history of European countries and have enjoyed them immensely. However, I have found nothing that I would consider interesting enough to read in this book. I found it very boring. The chapters were full of political and ideological talking points, the author did not provide any new facts and the writing was not coherent. It is almost as if the author is trying to sell a book that is not interesting to read, rather than trying to write a good book. It does have some interesting tidbits that I did not know before. However I do not recommend this book, I would not buy it if I wanted to learn something new. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was so hard to believe the author could write this. He kept on describing events that never happened.  I would have read it twice if it was an enjoyable book.  He kept changing the dates of events so the reader has to go back and reread the story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a waste of time and effort to learn about what the Bible really says.  For a true understanding of biblical exegesis, look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is just not worth the money. The plot is the best thing about it but the characters are nothing. The author makes it very obvious that he is not very familiar with the genre. I would never suggest anyone read this unless they are familiar with some sort of detective series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very difficult to read because there are not enough clues to go along with it.  For example, there are no pictures.  I can't help but wonder how many of the clues could have been revealed in the "Puzzling Peculiarities" chapter.  If you like mysteries and puzzles, I can understand why you'd like this book, but I think it's not as helpful as other authors have made it out to be.  The story itself is extremely predictable and boring.  You will finish this book after page 10 and then you will realize it is a total waste of time and that you could have easily found a different book to read.  This is a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a negative, negative review on a bad electronic device: The book does not explain the process for how to get your money back from a bad debt, or how to keep the money from piling up.  If you need to know this information, go to your local credit union.  There are books on how to do this, and the credit unions have more information on how they do it than the book does 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing was terrible, the plot was dull and the characters were not interesting. I can't believe that I was wasting my money on this.  I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not impressed by this book. It's not a fun read, nor does it tell you much you did not already know. If you want to learn how to cook a good book then check out A Cooks Companion to Classic French Cooking, by Pauline Bourdieu, or A Foodie's Guide to Great French Food by Paul A. Bourdieut. If that's too difficult for you, then just go ahead and make some of the recipes in this book and not worry about what's in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been trying to find a book that I could get my 8 year old daughter to read that was not too long on platitudes and not too much about practical life.  This book did neither.  It is filled with the most basic examples of living, but not with the insights or examples that are required for the young to actually make practical decisions.  If you are interested in basic living, read this book, but if you want to know how to live the rest of your life, read something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title and synopsis give the impression that this is a true story of how two young men met, fell in love and then married.  In reality, it is merely a collection of letters and interviews conducted by a single interviewer, who had no interest in the couples or their stories.  The authors have the temerity to call themselves "the true couples" and, while I sympathize with their desire to be believed in their words, I cannot support the title of the book.  As it is, it reads like a collection or compilation of "jokes" by a friend of the authors.  A friend of mine, a professional journalist, and former married woman, commented that, while some of the letters are certainly sincere, others are not.  Her comment was, "This is a book written by a man for his friends.  They want to believe it is true.  It is not.The book could have been a great work of fiction, but it was not.It was a waste of time.  I am surprised that it was so well-selling. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I find the subject matter boring and repetitive. It would have been better if it was only told in one's own words.  I was hoping to learn more about the lives of the children in the book. But I got it. But it was very tedious. I really wish the author had told the children what they were really like. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit difficult to understand. The author doesn't have any real understanding of the military. He does make the military sound interesting.  I do not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was actually surprised that this book was published.  It was so poorly written that I could not finish it.  The characters were so unlikable that I felt that I would rather read the first three chapters of "The House of The Scorpion" than read this book.  I do not know why it was published or why this author is being awarded such a high review score from so many people who would like to see him fail.  If you are looking for a quick read that will give you a quick sense of what a book is like or who the characters are, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book, which is really the main reason I bought this book. I just wanted a quick reference guide.  I got it, but it was not quick.  The author has some nice ideas, but I can't remember most of them.  It just goes on and on.  You get to read about a few new things like a new technique for getting to the bottom of a difficult problem, but then the story goes on for pages and pages and nothing really happens.  So, unless you are trying to be an expert on a difficult question, you will end up at the end of the book with a lot of vague information, with no solutions, and very few new ideas.  This book would be better if it were more in-depth and more concise.  Don't waste your time on this book!  It is a waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book and I have been looking for ideas for a Christmas book.  The book is not as well written as the other books, so it is a little confusing.  But the pictures are not that great, so if you are a budding artist, maybe try something different.  It's a little hard to get into this book, but I do think it could be worth a shot 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not a bad read.  I don't know what I expected.  It just isn't.  If you want to read the history of a great country, this is a good book.  But it's not the history that it seems to be at first glance.  The author seems to take the United States at face value.  There is a great deal of ignorance in the US.  How could it be that there are so many illiterates people and such a large percentage of the population cannot read?   The American history is a lot more complicated than it appears to be.  One would think that the government would have done something to help those who cannot read and that this would have been a great idea.  Instead, the government has been trying to make it harder to read and harder to pass on to those who can't read. The "new" history is even worse than the old.  Don't waste your time reading this book. I don;t recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed reading this book, and found the story quite interesting. However, there are some major flaws that I can't get past, as it really has nothing to do with the theme of a woman, but rather a woman's story.  I found it quite confusing, and I would advise any reader who is really interested in this book to read another book by the same author.  It's not a good book, but I'm glad it was a quick book, which I think I'll buy again when I have the time to read other, more interesting, stories, which are usually available in bookstores.  The story seems to be a bit rushed, as there are a few parts that are too rushed to keep the interest going for the reader.  For example, there is a short chapter that is basically about a man who tries to talk to a woman he doesn't know.  There's also a chapter that gives the woman's name and a few other details about her.  However, the most interesting part of this book is the story of how the woman actually finds a place to live.  If you have read this book before and thought that the woman would be able to find a place of her own in a small town, I would suggest you give this book a miss, as I do.  You will be disappointed in that.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not pleased at all with this book.  The first chapter was boring and the whole thing just seemed pointless.  I couldn't believe this was the only one in this series that was bad.  Don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a huge disappointment for the reader.  It is full of clichés and clichés.  If you are a fan of the Harry Potter series or the Harry/Luna books then I can see your interest.  However, I have to wonder why you would want to waste your time with this book.  I think the author just thought it was interesting to write a book about magic and Harry/ Luna, not realizing that the reader might not like them.  The story that Harry and Luna are in trouble is very weak.  In fact, the whole book is just a rehashing of previous events.  What I really did not like was the author's attempts to write romance between Harry and Hermione.  That was really cheesy.  Instead, I would like to see some more Harry/Hermione romance stories.  Don't even think about it if you are not a fan or not a Harry/luna fan! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, who has written for many popular magazines and other publications, has taken a serious step down in the writing of this book.  It is not interesting or informative.  The subject matter is irrelevant and the text is completely incoherent.  There is also no real insight or sense of humor in this book, although some amusing pictures and stories are sprinkled throughout.  I was looking for a book that would help me understand what I was learning from this course.  This book is not helpful.  If you are looking for an overview of some important aspects of this subject, I suggest you take a look at the books on energy and environment and solar energy.  But if you are interested in getting the information you need, this book will not get you anywhere.  Instead, I would suggest you buy "The Green Building: A Practical Guide for Green Homes" by J.G. Woodley, who offers a much more thorough and comprehensive treatment of the subject matter.  And, of course, don't forget "The Guide for Homeowners" by R.J. Collins, who also offers a comprehensive treatment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very dissapointed in this book.  I've read many times and have never found a book that was even close to entertaining.  However, I do love the story of the Book of Mormon, and I found it very enjoyable to learn about it.  But the book lacked direction and the author's attempts at explaining the Book were not convincing.  For instance, I have to wonder if Joseph Smith really was the Prophet of God, or if the Book was a fraud.  If the Book is true, then it is not the Book that was translated by Joseph Smith.  The Book of Abraham, on the other hand, was very well done and has a wonderful story.  Unfortunately, the author gave us neither.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of spelling mistakes and incorrect terminology.  There are many references to words and phrases like "symbolic," "intellectual," and "social science," which are not synonyms.  The book does not tell you the basics of the sciences.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little dry. I found it to be very repetitive and boring. There are some really interesting ideas and ideas that can be applied to different subjects and situations, but the writing style is a little stiff, and I don't think the ideas are all presented in a good way. I would recommend this book to anyone who is just looking for a quick book to get them started with 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all, and I have to agree with this reviewer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for an easy read with lots of pictures, this book isn't for you. It's a slow-moving story with a lot of boring descriptions, and the ending isn't very exciting. The story takes place over a short time frame, but it's not very interesting. It could be done better, but this book is not an enjoyable read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a collection of letters from a man who was just a young boy when he lost his mother and father.  In fact, it's not even clear why he's writing the letters.  He may be a young man again or just a normal kid.  Whatever, he is not a character.  If you like a good book, this is a good one.  However, the plot is not very interesting.  I could have done without the characters, however.  This book is a long, boring, tedious read.  It's not the best book I have ever read, but it is a bad one.I wouldn't recommend this book for a reader who has not read it.  There are many books written by the author in this genre that are much better than this.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been out of print for awhile now, and has not been reviewed by a good book reviewer.  I've read some of the reviews, and they all have the same problem with the book.  It's not really a history book, but a book of stories.  This is a very sad book, because it has some of my favorite characters in it.  Don't get me wrong, the characters are great, but it is really not a history of the people of the Philippines, Philippines as it was or as it is today.  The history in this book is all too simplified.  There are only two countries and the Philippines is that.  As for the stories in the book, it's not even the best book in this collection.  That's "A Day in the Life of a Filipina".  It does have a great story, and I think it would be good for Filipinos to read it. It has a very good ending, but not quite as good as the rest of the stories.I have no idea what the author was thinking with this book.It is really a pity that the book has not gone into print.  If it were out of press, I would buy it and read it right away, but the fact that it is not out of Press means it will never be reprinted 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very odd story, which could have been done much better.  The ending was a bit abrupt, but I don't like it when a book is unfinished.  I wish there had been more action and the ending was more satisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really disappointed with this book. It was not interesting at all. The main character was not likable at all, I just wanted to see her suffer more and be a better person. I really had a hard time with it. It made me feel depressed to read it. I can see why other reviewers like it, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I had any idea what the hell I was reading, I wouldn't be giving this a negative rating. But I did. I'll admit it. I couldn't keep my mind on the subject. The book was confusing and frustrating. I spent far too much time trying to figure out the end.  It was also full of typos.  I wish I hadn't wasted my time on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with the premise that the main characters are both gay and that the two characters are also lovers.  It then goes on to explain a lot of confusing details about the relationship between the two men.  The entire thing feels like it is just trying to sell something that can be easily explained.  I wouldn't buy this book for my child 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess. I mean that in a good way. I wanted to read something new and different and this book didn't do it for me.  It is boring.  I wish it was more entertaining.  The characters were not very interesting and the plot was not interesting.  Maybe this book would have been a good book if it was just told from the characters' perspectives.  But it is not.  This is a very basic story told from characters' viewpoints 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is really a very poor book. I would not recommend it.  The author is very vague and not very clear in his exposition. The book is almost like a textbook.  It gives many explanations and not enough facts.  I would have avoided this book unless I read it as an advanced text.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. It seems that Ms. Kuebler is not a realist, and that she is willing to believe that people like the Clintons can be re-elected. In addition to the fact that there is no evidence of a substantial change in attitudes about the Clintons' crimes, the book fails to present the facts about how Hillary Clinton became so powerful that she was able to take down a sitting president from political office. It also fails to mention the most important reason that Clinton won in 2000, that there was an election fraud. It doesn't mention the reason that she got a landslide victory in 2008, that her campaign staff and the media colluded to get the outcome they wanted. Ms. Borkes should know that it is impossible to be elected president without the support of the press. The media have been the greatest enemy of Clinton. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are going to try to write a positive review about something, I recommend this book. I am a big fan of Stephen King and I am not an expert in horror. I do not think this book is as strong as some of King's other books and it does not capture the heart of his stories. I believe King is more than capable of writing a good book, but this book was a disappointment to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very difficult to read. There were not that many pictures in the book and I did not really feel like I got to know the characters as well as I could have. The story is about an average high school student who falls in love with a girl who does not share her interests. The plot was extremely predictable and not at all creative. The writing was weak and the story not engaging at all. It would be better if you could see the characters in their own lives before the story begins 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a student of English Literature and you like your books to be informative, then this is a great book to read.  However, for the average person who isn't an English Literature student this book is a nightmare.  The book is written in a very casual way and makes it very hard to keep track of the details.  In fact the only reason I finished the book was because I had to go through it to get a list of the key points.  If the reader was able to keep the information organized, the book could have been a very valuable book for those who are looking for a quick overview of some important points.The most notable mistake I found in the book is the lack of a "key points" list.  This is a huge mistake because the reader will need to know what "key ideas" are and what is important in the text.  I wish the author would have included a key points list 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a disappointment to read the same story and story again and again and find that this story was a bit overdone.  The story just didn't go that well for me.  If you like fairy tales or Grimm's Fairy Tales, this is a nice little collection.  But if you like fantasy, this book is very dull.  It's like watching a movie that isn't funny.  I would recommend this book to someone who wants a fairy tale but not the Grimms! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, not to mention publisher, could have at least come up with a novel or two that were worth the price of admission 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to wait several months for this book because I thought it would be a fun book, full of all kinds of stuff and interesting information.  Then I read it and I felt like I wasted my money.   It was full of lots of statistics and information that is either completely irrelevant or completely incorrect.  I feel like it's a waste of time to have spent money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's really very hard to keep track of all the various characters.  The story goes through many different characters, and we never really learn all their names, but I would say that it would be difficult to remember most of them.  I just really wanted to read more about the characters, as the story seemed to have potential, but it all seemed to be very confusing and unfocused 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to believe that a book like this would be so controversial. I mean, just look at the names. They all sound alike and there are so many variations of the plot that it's hard for me to believe this is anything but a coincidence. The whole thing reads like a dry run for a Hollywood film. It's not that it has any flaws, but it really needs to be rewritten or at least re-worded. If it's a case of bad book, then there's only so much I can say. If the writers were actually interested in exploring a more challenging topic like the War, then I'm sure there are some really interesting ideas there. But it seems to me that it just wants to sell copies, not to make any worthwhile points. I suppose there are a few interesting ideas in the book (some of which I might agree with), but I feel it is a poor attempt to tackle a complicated issue like the war. I'll pass on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really hated this book. I could not believe how much information was in it and the author's way with words. I think she should have stopped after page 150. The story was boring and it was not even clear if anyone actually cared about the characters. I felt the story was so rushed and I wanted to put it down. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to read more from this author.  Instead, I got some more boring.  There were no real surprises in this one, but there were a few cliches.  I can't say I enjoyed it, but it could have been better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring and the author did not go into the details.  I am a medical student so I thought this would be a great book to study for my MCATs.  The text does cover a lot of basic topics but I was unable to really connect to the text.  It was not very interesting to me.  My MCAT is not too far away so I am not going to miss this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book for children, this one fails to provide a good overview on all of the history, politics and culture of the world's major countries. The most glaring problem is the lack of proper geographic information for the various countries. It is impossible to locate the exact location of each country, and I was very frustrated when I realized that I had to go through the list of each and every country to figure out where the other countries are located. In addition, I am not convinced that the book provides the answers that are necessary to understand the history and politics of the countries, as the answer could be easily found by consulting the internet.The lack of an easy to understand map would be the main reason I do not recommend this book for use by children. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very difficult to get through. I could not understand the author's purpose in writing this book.  I am not a psychic or psychic in any sense.  It did not help me understand the mysteries that I found in this book, but it was very difficult.  The author seems to be trying to put a positive spin on this book by making it seem like it is about a new psychic phenomenon that he discovered.  He talks about how the book is written in a very scientific manner and how the author has made it sound like a real discovery.  But if this book was a real psychic discovery, why did it take a long time to discover?  The book was very tedious to read.  If the author truly wanted to learn about the psychic phenomenon he wrote about, he would have done the research that he did and found out that the author was not psychic.  You would have to be an idiot to believe this book because it was so difficult to understand 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book twice. I find it hard to believe that any teacher can get this to be a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a collection of short stories by one man who thinks his story is better than that of a bunch of other writers.  I'm sorry, but it's not.  It's a bunch more of the same.  The stories are not interesting enough to get you interested.  You may like it, but I doubt that.  If you don't like horror, this book will not interest you.  Buy it for kids or the next generation.  A book like this should not be published 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to like to see this book in print, but the author is not even an amateur.  In addition to the inaccuracies and lack of facts, she uses the word "gay" as an epithet to describe some of her characters, which is not an appropriate term.  The author uses the same word "nigger" as she does "gay".  The book does not address the real issues of the gay community, but rather the stereotypes that some gays are taught.  It does not cover the many issues and injustices that the community faces.  I have seen no research that substantiates this book, which leads me to believe it is a work of fiction.  There is a better book out there that deals with the real problems of the community, which are addressed in a very positive way.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really difficult to read.  It is full of references to various types of people who have a lot to say about the state of affairs.  I'm not saying that the information provided here is useless, but it is very confusing to get all the information that you need to understand the present state of the world.  The authors are very aware of this, and make a great effort to keep the book's content manageable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. It had a very long section on the use of money and I just couldn't get into it.  I had to skip most of the chapters in order to get a better understanding of financial issues 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on Buddhism. This one is the worst  I've ever seen. It is an incoherent, confusing mess of concepts  that the reader will have to piece together on their own 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the book, and I still do not know what it's about.  I think it is very pretentious, and it makes you want to give up reading it.  The book itself is very long, but it does not tell you why the book is so pretentious.  For example, in chapter 6, we are told how to look for a good book: The book is very old.  It may be that the author does not have much time to write a book that is as long as this one, or it may be simply that he does not want to write something so pretentatious.  If this is the case, I do not recommend that anyone reads this book.  But if this is not the case then it will be difficult to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on this subject.  But I have not seen any that have been as boring as this one.  I feel sorry for the author, who tried so hard to get us all to agree with him.  It is a complete waste of time.  The reader will never learn anything.  He will just think this is some kind of guide for people who have no idea what they are doing in the world today.  Why does this book have an "excellent" rating on Amazon, anyway?  I don't understand.  Don't be fooled by the author's claims of "science".  It's not science.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a huge fan of this book. I don't know why.  I didn't care for the characters.  Maybe it's because I don`t know many characters in real life.  So it would be easy for me to just say I like a book.  But I do like the story and the ideas.  It is just a boring book.I am sure I will get through the story.  The main character is a boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not very interesting, at least I would not expect it to be.  It was not even close to an enjoyable read.  The story line was boring.  I found it very tedious.  There were too many words and not enough plot.   The ending was unsatisfactory and did not leave me feeling satisfied.  If you like Harry Potter or are a fan of the books in general you will most certainly enjoy this book, but it is definitely not a great book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book that my son and I read and then told us to do something else.  We didn't like it at all.  The characters were unoriginal and the plot was a mess.  I would suggest looking for a different book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so long and the plot so shallow.  The characters were very flat.  I didn't like the ending, but I understand why it was done.  It was an interesting idea and a nice way to get back into the book, but it was not worth the price.  There were more interesting ideas in the other books I read and more characters to root for, but the plot and characters in this one were so shallow that I can't say I enjoyed it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a book that just goes on and on and the story just doesn't get going.  It starts out with some nice, colorful descriptions but the story gets stuck in a repetitive rut as it progresses.  A lot of characters that I thought were interesting get left out and the plot gets bogged down with pointless exposition.  If you really want to get into the world of a fantasy story, don't buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have much experience with this book.  I've read the book twice and have not understood the concepts.  The most important thing for me was that it seemed that the author had some sort of an agenda.  It was a very confusing book, but I couldn't figure out the author's motives.  A lot of it seemed to be just trying to sell books, not necessarily a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just an excuse to explain how a poor girl can get a bad grade in school. The writing is not up to the standard of many of the other books I have read, but that is no excuse.  It is a little hard to believe that there are so many other poor kids in America who can't read, especially if you have a book like this on the shelves of your local bookstore.  The book is a work of fiction, so I don't see why this book needs to be required reading for all poor kids 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so much better than the title.  Don't be fooled by the title - this book is not for people who like to read.  It is for people that are just looking for information on how to survive in the wilderness.  The author did not really explain anything, or really present anything that was helpful.  For example, the book talks about how to find water, and there are many websites out there with tips on how this is done.  But, there are very few websites that actually have the information that the author claims to have.  I will not buy this book again - I was just looking at it because it had such a cool title.The title alone made me think that it was going to be an informative book.  Then, I looked at the book and the title said "How To Survive In The Wilderness " - not "How to Survive In the Wilderness" - so I was wondering if the book was a hoax.  Finally, the title says "Surviving In The Wild" - that's what it is.  So, I will give this book a 2 stars - I will try to find a better book, or at least the title will be a better one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  The author was not well known, and this book did not capture the spirit of the times.  It did not cover all the important issues of the time, and many of the issues were left out.  I cannot believe that this was the author's first book. I have seen other books by this author, and they were far better.  If you are looking for a quick read, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a number of books by this author. He's written a number with great promise, and I thought I would like what he wrote.  But this one is not that.  I think that the book is a little slow to develop, with a weak plot, and very little in the way of original ideas.  The characters are stereotypical, and the writing is not consistent enough to keep the reader interested 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a classic of the genre. The characters are all cliché, and the plot, if not original, is very unoriginal. I wish the author had a bit more success with her writing, because I had the sense the book would be interesting.  But it isn't.  It isn't even worth reading unless you want to learn a lot of trivia about the world and the characters.  I would advise you to skip this if you don't want to be spoiled. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative review of this book. It was a pretty lame attempt at making a story that had nothing to do with the real world.  If you want to know the real story behind the rise and fall of the American Empire, then this is the book for you.  But if you want a story about what happened in the last decade in a fictional world, then you might not like this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it was interesting, but it was very dry.  I do not think it is the best book I have ever read.  But I must say, I do have to admit, I found the characters likable.  The plot was boring, the dialogue was a bit long, and the characters were not interesting enough.  If you are looking for a book to do some research on an obscure topic, this is a good book, but the characters are not interesting.  It is a shame, because the book was a joy to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has more to do with being an American than anything else. I can't believe that a first-year undergrad could be interested in learning about a foreign country 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a pity that this book was not as original and interesting as it was advertised.  But it is not the fault of the author that this was a poor book.  I had the same problem with the "The Life of Jesus" series that this one is.  The authors were not imaginative enough to create a new work of fiction.  It was just a continuation of previous works.  We have already read several books that dealt with the life of Jesus.  This one was more of the same.  Maybe the author had no imagination.  What he did create however was a tedious, boring, and inaccurate portrayal of Jesus that made it very hard to enjoy.  He just copied and pasted all of the material that was previously published.  If the author would write a new novel, he would surely have used his own imagination and creativity 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very basic book that attempts to tell a very simple story about the American Civil War.  The story is not complete, the characterizations are lacking and the information does not come from first hand sources.  It also fails to present the information from other sources, which I would have appreciated, if this book was not so basic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half is full of the usual plot device of "explaining" the characters, which is usually a pretty boring process, since the reader is always left with the impression that the author has already done so.  However, the characters are not very well developed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so eager to read this book.  I wanted to see if there was a link between the 9/11 attacks and the rise of the Bush administration.  And the author was right.  But there is an even larger hole in this book, that I cannot fathom, that is just too big for it to be explained with just simple logic.  It appears that the author has no idea of how complex a conspiracy like 9/1/01 really is.  The plot twists and turns in a manner that is very strange and at times impossible to follow, and it is very hard to understand how the events of 9/01 could be connected to the events in New York, Pennsylvania, Florida, and Texas, that all took place on 9/22/01.  Perhaps if this book had more details, I would have been more inclined to buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would recommend this book to someone who wants to learn how to make money. The material is pretty basic and it does not get into how to handle yourself and make money effectively.  If you want to learn this book then I would say it is a bit advanced for you.  It would be a good book for someone who knows how to be successful in their job and wants to make a little extra.  However if you want basic information this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is the worst book I have ever read.  The story is pretty dull, and there is no romance.  I wish I could give it a negative rating, but it really is not worth the money.  This book could be used as a reference for the book: How to Write a Bad Novel: I don't want to read anything by John O'Connor again.  It has a very poor writing style and the plot just isn't compelling.  If you like John Oconnor, don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have seen this book and thought it was really interesting.  It's true, it was a lot of fun to read.  The first chapter was a bit odd, however.  There was a very interesting paragraph, but it just kept going.  In the next chapter, however, it went a bit downhill.  I couldn't believe how much detail they used to go into about each character.  What happened to that little girl from Ohio who lived in an orphanage for a while, then got herself adopted by an English family?  Where did that boy get those glasses?  I don't even know, but I want to know, so I will have to wait for a sequel.  This book was boring to read and it really didn't help that it was only 250 pages.  You can read it in one sitting and it's not much better than the previous one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not an expert on the history of the New Testament, but this is a rather shallow history.  In addition to what I already said, there is an attempt to make this history more than just a history of a book, rather a history in its own right.  It would have been better if he had made it a history on the basis of the various letters and stories that were found in the New and Old Testament 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bunch of clichés and unnecessary drivel, it has no idea what it's talking about and has not even been interesting for me. I've seen better books. I just can't buy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to stop reading this book because it seemed to me that it was an attempt to write a negative criticism of Christianity by some people who had never actually read the Bible or considered the subject matter.  It's true that some Bible books have been quite controversial, and it's true also that the Bible contains some quite disturbing passages that I would never have thought existed in the first place.  But when I read this book, I became very discouraged because I knew that it's impossible for me to really understand the Bible if I only follow its teachings on this topic.  So I have to ask myself, "Am I willing to take the risk that this book is going to be useful to me?  I don't know, but I would like to be sure   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something more from this one, after reading some of the positive reviews, I was a little disappointed. I don't know how much of it is true, but it was more than I expected, and I felt it should have been more. I will give it the benefit of the doubt and give it another try. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a work of fiction, but it's not very entertaining.  I would have to say it was a very slow novel.  It had some good ideas, but not many.  The characters are all very one-dimensional and the plot is pretty confusing.  If you want a quick book that will leave you wanting to return to the original, I would suggest the excellent "The Book of Nine Angels" by Patricia Harman 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author really wants you to like her work.  She goes on and on about how she's a big fan of The Harry Potter series and all the books and how much she enjoyed them.  But she doesn't bother to explain what she thinks it is.  I can't help thinking it's just an excuse to put on an author's name and say she's in the Harry Potter fan club.  It seems to me that most people would be more than willing to see what she's selling if they knew what she thought it was.  You might not like the plot, but you'll like the idea behind it.  In fact, you might want to check out the first Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, because it has one of the best plots in any of the Potter books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so boring.  It is all too much about talking.  I am sure there are more than 100 pages on the topic of "talk".  The problem is that the book could have been much shorter.  You will get very little information about the subjects that are mentioned, but most of the book is wasted.  The title, "How To Talk To A Friend" could have more descriptive and helpful titles.  "How to Talk To An Unfriendly Dog" or "How Not To Talk to a Friend" would have made this book more interesting.  In fact, it is quite amusing to learn that a dog will not listen to an answer unless the answer has already been stated.  There are a few chapters that might help in understanding why dogs won't listen to people.  For example, why do they ignore the question "where are you going?"  But I must admit that the "Why don't they like me" section is quite useful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high hopes for this book.  The first few chapters were a little slow, but by the time I reached the last few, I had lost all interest in reading it.  It was a waste of time and it was a total waste of money.  I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping that the author had written a good book on Islam.  Unfortunately I was disappointed to find that the book is a combination of a lot of misquotes and a lot that I would have to be a true scholar to agree with.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written for adults, not kids.  This is one of the most boring stories I've read.  The book has lots of ideas but not enough plot to go with them.  If you're a kid and you don't have the patience to read the story then I recommend you go ahead and buy a book for kids to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book first as a college student and I could not believe how many different kinds of people this author was talking about.  I think this book would make a good book for the serious student of American History.  Unfortunately, this book is not very enlightening, although there are some interesting ideas in it.  The author is also very biased.  But most of the book is written by a woman and the author does talk about women's rights, as does the majority of American history books.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the same story, only in an abbreviated form. The book was so dull that I had to finish the book before I could finish reading the other, better books, so I am giving this book a low rating.  I really do not want to read another of this author's work.  If this is the only book you have read, and you are still looking for a positive review about something good, I suggest you seek a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment to me. I had been told that it was a classic, and I was really hoping for something like "The Book of Mormon". It was really a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of the work and enjoy his books. However, this is not a good book. I can understand why people are buying it and it is very entertaining, however, it does not have the depth that I hope to read.  I will not read this book because I feel that I have read this series before 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those books that gets off to a bad start.  The plot is so farfetched and the characters so boring and unexciting.  I would suggest the original "The Road to Hell" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is quite an understatement. It is not a very coherent book. I have read many, many books by this author. In one of his books I found the following: "Wealth is a social phenomenon. It's not a matter of individual or private property. It depends on a network of social institutions, including governments and corporations, as well as the behavior of individuals and corporations. A society's wealth depends on the success of its individual citizens. It can only be sustained if the population's average income is above the minimum necessary to maintain a decent standard of living. If it's below the minimum, there is a danger that the individual or corporate citizens will consume resources (such as land) that others have created. This would lead to social disorder, and so the government, corporations, and society as a whole must work to prevent or solve social  disorder. A healthy society requires that it be a community of equals. There is no such thing as a society in which people are free to consume resources that others created.  It is a society of equals or there would be no society. It would be a society without anyone who produced anything or anyone who consumed resources created by others. This, of course, is not an acceptable society 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of hype for a good book, but nothing worth reading.  The book itself is just a collection of quotes, most of which are actually made up by one or two authors.  If you want to know why a lot of people in the church are leaving the church, look at their writings in the book.  They all have different reasons for doing so.  I would suggest that instead of trying to make them up out of whole cloth, people should be more willing to ask questions, especially about their faith.  Most people have questions.  In fact, I would say 90% of the church is not willing to admit they are not the right ones.  And there is a lot more out there to be found than just quotes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure why anyone would waste a book like this on this, it's a complete waste. I wish I had written something better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's about an evil man who had an affair with a young girl. It's not very good 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not helpful.  It does not help to solve the mystery of why the British Army was abandoned in 1940.  I think the author would have done better to write a history of the British Military.  If the author had bothered to learn the facts, he could have saved himself from this book.  A better book, one with more details, is 'The Great War: Britain's Great Battle, 1939-1945'.  A good book is 'Carnival of Terror', by George Moore.  Another good book, 'The Ghosts of Dunkirk', by John J. Mankin, is also available.  The author is a great writer and I hope that he writes another book, which will help with the puzzle of why this country was forced to withdraw from Europe.  As for the title, I believe the author meant to use it as an epitaph for the British.  What a shame!  I thought it was a good book to read, but not a good title!  The title, 'War for the Fatherland', is a better title 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very shallow. The author is not an economist, and there are only three pages of actual economic theory. I am not sure if he intended to be an economist or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was a sophomore in college and it made no sense.  It seemed that there was a lot of information here for the kids to read and to fill out.  If you're thinking of doing this yourself you'd better be prepared because the kids in this book are not to be trusted.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am disappointed that this book did not come up with any of the questions that I had originally asked it.  I do not wish to waste any more time on this book.  It is very difficult to see how it could be anything other than a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the life of a prostitute, but it is really just a retelling of stories from other people's lives.  The writing is very cliche, and the story ideas are very cliched.  I did not enjoy this book.  It was a waste of money, and I would never waste money on another book like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a shame that this book has such a bad reputation.  It's very basic.  You can see where it is going, but it's very difficult to follow.  The book is full of grammar and spelling mistakes and a lack of detail.  I am not sure what to say about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess and it's hard to put into words how stupid it is.  It was clearly written by a man who is too stupid to know that the world is full of stupid people.  The author makes some valid points about the rise of the right wing, but not much else.  I have no idea how any of the ideas in this book could ever make sense.  If you want to read a stupid book, this is the one for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book countless times, and I have to admit it is not very helpful.  It is almost like it is an attempt to cover everything, and to cover it all in one sitting.  There are a few very interesting stories in here, but many of them are not that helpful, and there are not enough pictures or stories to keep you interested.  If you have not read any of the other books on the list, I suggest you look at those first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The characters in this book are the complete opposite. I found them as tedious as the main characters in the last one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe it.  The title is "How to get a bad marriage: a step by step guide".  This is just like those "How To Get a Good Marriage" books, that teach you how to get married.  But there are so many things to do in the beginning of your marriage that the author could have easily put it in a book, and just included some ideas that would have been useful for getting started.  You could have avoided this book and just learned some useful information, like how to prepare for a divorce or what to do if you are having an affair.  I would avoid this book if you want to know how to do the basic tasks in a marriage.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for some insight into the lives of these individuals and was extremely disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about as boring as it is to review a bad electronic device: the plot.  It is also very, very long.  I cannot believe anyone actually bought this book.  The only thing I can say is that I am a terrible person for wasting my time on this.  But if I did, I am sorry for wasting yours!  It seems the author was forced to write it.  If it was a bad one, I can't believe it.It is certainly not worth buying if you like mystery novels, if you are not a fan of detective novels, or if you just want to see the adventures of the Great Detective.    I suggest you buy some of the others on this list, as this one is the weakest one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book. I do however like the "Myths" section. It is very descriptive but I found the descriptions of animals and other animals very confusing. I am glad I did not buy this book because it did not give me much of a picture of how the different animals really looked. I think most people who buy this books are looking for an easy read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say I was very disappointed with this book.  It was so much text, and I felt like it was too long and not focused enough.  I did not see the point of the book until I actually read it, but I was so disappointed in it.  The main story was boring.  If I wanted to get a basic idea of what happened during the Civil War I could have just read a very good book like The Life and Times of Abraham Lincoln 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I've read in years.  It is filled with nonsense, and I have spent more time on this book than any other I've ever read.  The whole story is just a series of stupid rambling thoughts, with no plot.  A couple of the plot points were ridiculous.  I just couldn't believe that a book like this would actually be accepted for publication.  There was one interesting paragraph, but it was followed by several paragraphs that simply repeated the same ideas.  What a waste of time and money!  I would never read a book that stupid.  If I were to pick a favorite book, it would be "The Boy Who Cried" by Robert A. Heinlein.  That's a better book.  But "The Boys" by Neil Gaiman would be a close second 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book. I really liked the premise, the ideas, the characters, and the ideas that were introduced.  Unfortunately, it was a disappointment.  I do not want to read about a sad book, I want to be entertained.  If I had read this book first, I would have been more inclined to buy another book, not the one I already bought.  The characters were not realistic, the plot was predictable and boring, and it was just plain boring to read.  Not to mention that the book was written in the late 1990's and not the 1970's.  It could have been written a couple of decades earlier 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not enjoy this book.  I have no idea how it got a positive review from such a bad one.  If you don't want to read a history book, go and buy a book by John M. Barry.  It will do you much more for your money and will probably teach you a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book hoping it would be some new direction in the series. It wasn't. It was just another in a long line of "how to" books.  I am not a gardener, and it is not a "how-to" book.  The gardener section could have been done better.  What is a gardiner anyway?  What should I grow?  How many kinds of fruit do I grow, anyway? "How to" is a guide, not an instruction manual 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sorry.  The book was boring.  I read it, but it didn't teach me anything.  If you are trying to learn something, I suggest you go out and buy a book from a better book.  It may take you a little time, but you'll be better for it.  You don't need to read this book. Go buy a copy of "The Art of Writing" by Mark Twain, or some of the other great writers, or "The Writer's Manifesto" by J.R.R Tolkien 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to think that there are people out there who know how to read the Bible, but who still find this book confusing. I agree with the review about the book: It's a sad story of two people who were so obsessed with their own personal interpretations of the Bible that they couldn't see the big picture.  The reader is left with the impression that the Bible is a "one-sided" view of the world.  I wish I had found this book at the time I read the Book of Mormon.  It was very helpful at the start.  Unfortunately, the author went on to try to "revelate" the Book Of Mormon by making the Bible seem as it did in the days of Moses, Jesus, and Adam.  For example, he writes, "The book of Abraham, the book of Leviticus, and the book which the Israelites called the Law of Moses all came to an end with the advent of Jesus."  The author, however, has not mentioned that the book written by Jesus was in fact the "Law of Moses".  The "Law" of Moses was the law of Moses' covenant with the Jews.  Jesus' law was the new covenant.  But the author has made it seem as if the book that he claims to be the Law Of Moses is the "Book of Mormon".  It's just as if someone wrote a negative negative review: I read this book because I wanted to learn more about the Book.  Instead I got a book that has left me with more questions than answers.  In the end, I would recommend this book to those who want to read about the Bible but do not want to learn the whole story.  If the reader does not want an easy way to find out the truth about the whole Bible, this book is not for him 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of time.  Not much new insight, or interesting information, in this book.  I'm sure it's interesting to know the stories behind the stories of the Vikings, but not much that I couldn't already find elsewhere.  It's not very informative either.  If you are interested in the Vikings or just want some facts and figures to do some research and keep you busy, then this book is for you.  But, if you are not interested in Viking mythology, or just looking for something to fill your head with information to be entertained, then do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very sad story.  The main character is very likable, and I enjoyed reading it, but it would have been much better had it been written by a more talented author.  If this was a book for adults only, I would have enjoyed it.  It is however a story for children to enjoy, which I think it is, but I do not think the book is suitable for children.  This book should be shelved somewhere as a cautionary tale 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first few chapters were very interesting, but then the plot got a little too complicated.  It is possible that the author knew it was going to be a long book and just couldn't pull it off.  I found myself reading this book in one sitting, trying to figure out what was going on.  The last third was very disappointing.  As a reader, I could see the appeal of the story, but as an author, I cannot say I found it as compelling as I thought I would.  Perhaps I should have been a little more patient with this book, but I am not sure I would have been if I had read the first few parts first.  Hopefully I will never have to read another book by Peter Bunt, because I am pretty sure this one was not worth the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't want to be rude, but this book is a piece of garbage.  The writing style is horrible.  It's as if you don't have any skills.  You could get away with it for a short story, but you can't do it for pages or pages.  I am a serious writer and I could have done better.  This book is not worth the price!  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewer who wrote the negative review. It was a pretty boring story.  It just didn't really interest me.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think the book was very confusing.  The book was a compilation of several stories.  It wasn't very clear.  I would have liked it if the author had just listed out the stories and gave you the basic plot and then explained the rest.  Then you could really start reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that reads like it was written by someone who has never read a book before.  It is so boring.  You never see the "plot" the author is going for.  There is nothing happening that makes sense.  A book with a plot is not an adventure story.  We don't need to see the hero running from the bad guys or anything else, just some sort of story that the author decides he wants to write.  The book is written for the "younger" reader.  What the author really wants to do is write a very short book for older people that is full of plot and drama.  If you want a plot, just go read something like The Catcher in the Rye, which was written in this same style.  I just don't see what all the fuss is about with this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in the process of buying a book on the history of Chinese people.  The publisher had no clue that I was a history major.  It is a work of fiction.  I have read many other books on the subject, but I believe this to be the worst.  In fact, I am not convinced that there is an actual history of the Chinese people, or even an attempt to provide one.  There are references to the Chinese empire, but most of them are just generalities.  This book could have been written in the 1960s, as the author did not have access to much more than what was available in the public library.  My recommendation is to avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of the book, but I must say it's just a shame to waste the opportunity to learn anything.  This is the second in a series that has all the makings of a great story.  It's been well received, but the author could have taken advantage of the opportunity and put the book down.  I wish there was some way for the author to give me a positive review about this book: I read this book in preparation for an interview I was doing with the author, John J. DiDio.  The book was an exercise in writing a generic story that I was hoping to learn from.  There are some good ideas here and there, but it's the story that falls short.  If I had read the other book in this series, I would have been more successful.  But I didn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with other reviewers, this book is far from a complete and enjoyable experience. However, the book does have some nice ideas. It does, however, fail to convey the message to the reader that the book is a true story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of anecdotes.  It's funny, but it doesn't really teach much.  I will not read this book.  A good book to read if you are looking to know about a good book: The Complete Illustrated Almanac.  If you don't know how to make a dictionary, it's a good place to start. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an older lady, and this book was written in a style that I found to be very condescending. It made my head spin and made me feel I needed to get this book, in case I could use it to protect my children from the "dangerous" people who were being blamed for the death of the girl, whom I knew to be innocent.  I did not like this book.  But, then, I did like the one about the Little Rascals.  Don't let it get to you!  It was fun to read.  If you want to be protected, read this book!  But if you don't, read the Little Lascals book! Don't you know that the Little Racers were not all bad?  The Little Rascal's father was a good man, but not all his family were.  You know, there were some good people.   I would not want to keep reading this book unless you are a child or if you are just a little bit stupid 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not like I've ever been a fan of Joss Whedon.  But this book, in addition to being very dry and boring, also lacks the originality of Whedon's work.  I'm sure that Whedon, who has worked with such talented writers as Robert Greenfield and James Marsters, would be delighted to see the work that this book devotes to his characters.  However, this book could be a lot better if it were more like Whedon's "Swansea" or "Aquaman" works.  For instance, the "Atlantis" book contains very little new information about the character of Arthur Curry.  There's a great deal more information here about "Atlantean" characters like Poseidon and Poseidon's daughter Mera, but the book isn't as original as it could have been.  It lacks the imagination, creativity, and subtlety that Whedon's characters possess.  The end result is that it becomes a very dull, lifeless, tedious read.  This book is not, in fact, a complete waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book with an eye toward writing a positive review about it. It was not.  I wish I had read it before.  It was written by a professional journalist, and not an amateur like some of the others in this field.  The story was dull and it was almost impossible to believe that anyone could write such a negative book about a good book: The best book I have read in a long time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a complete waste of time. It was very dull, with the author trying to write about a lot of different things without actually explaining them. It is a bit confusing, but it isn't very interesting. I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring.  I don't know what happened to this author.  This is the second book in a series.  What a waste of time.  He wrote three and stopped.  His characters are not as interesting as the last two.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's one of the biggest embarrassments I have ever read. I'm sorry.  The writing was so awful.  If you want to read about a bunch of weird hippie-drama, read some of the other reviews 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a bit misleading as to the subject matter. I was expecting a story of a small town.  This was a story about a large town, and there were some scenes that were a little odd, as well as some plot elements that I found to be unnecessary.  The book could be improved if there were a few pages with descriptions of all the strange people in town. The story is mostly boring and boringly so.  A good book to get in your library is a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of errors.  I thought I knew about these errors, but when I went through the book I couldn't believe it.  This book is an abomination to anyone who cares about anything.  It has no purpose or value.  The author makes claims to be a scientist, but he can't make sense of the scientific data.  He does have the ability to write very interesting science articles, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with a nice little introduction to the story and then immediately descends into a long and very repetitive, almost monotonous discussion of the main characters' motivations.  It would be better if this book was written by someone else.  The characters were unoriginal, the story lacked substance, and the descriptions were completely unnecessary.  I was very disappointed with this book.  There are several interesting ideas, but they were left unexplored.  As for the character development, I didn't feel it was necessary at all.  This book needed to be more entertaining.  If this book had more time spent on the story, I would have liked it a lot more.  But this book lacks the ideas needed to fill in the gaps.  Don't waste your money on this book, if you like it, go somewhere else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book.  It is a very dull read.  You will probably find the characters to be annoying.  The writing was not good.  I was expecting a better book, but I do not feel that I got it.  There were no real clues to the plot.  Maybe I should have read the book by Stephen King.  That was much better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the TV show, this is a great book to read. If you aren't a fan, well...there are so many plot twists, it's hard to keep track!  If the plot twists were more subtle, it would have been much better.  But the author takes a very broad view of the characters, leaving out some very basic and necessary information to get the plot going.  The author gives us the basic information to know who is "the bad guy," but does not really go into the specifics.  This is a classic case of giving an author too much information to write a good book.  If this book is for you, read the "Bad Guy's Guide to the Galaxy" instead.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the books on my series and I have only come across this one that seems to be the only one I have not enjoyed.  It is one that does not even attempt to provide any information.  The story is simply a plot to draw in the reader in to a fantasy novel.  There is no character development, no plot progression, and the reader will be lost in the story, which will be a chore to finish if you don't have a good book in which to start.  I hope this is the last of this series because I would like to be able to read more about the world of Alagaë.  Do NOT waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is interesting.  But I think the text is quite dry and predictable.  I would suggest looking at the book by Robert A. Klein which is a little more interesting and has a more subtle theme.  Klein has a way with words and is quite creative.  His stories are very clever.  The plot is very predictable and the characters seem so flat.  Maybe this is a way to get away from some of the more difficult themes of life in the early 20th century 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I wish it was better.  But I was glad I bought it.  It was a tough read.  The stories were not as interesting as I thought they would be.  There were also a few spelling errors.  In the end I would recommend this book to be read by an adult, as it was a little rough for my youngest daughter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I didn't find any interesting, original, or useful ideas or ideas on how to deal with people who are different. It's just a bunch of statements about what you should do if you're a person who's different. I'm sure there are many ways to deal, but I just can't see any, although I think I can probably find a few, which I hope will be interesting and useful. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very boring, and it has a lot of typos. The pictures are too dark. The book also doesn't provide enough background information. The author also has a way of making himself seem more intelligent than he actually is. He mentions that the book "inspired" him to write a book. The problem with this is that the author is an idiot. The only reason I got this book was because I wanted to read something by a serious author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a tedious and difficult book.  It took me several weeks to finish reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character of this book is a rather annoying character. I do not understand why he is so self absorbed and he seems to not realize that he is being manipulated by the evil forces of evil. I have seen the movie "Alfie" and I know that character well enough to know that he's really trying to save his life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the book I wanted to read. I had no idea where it was, so I went to the library to find it.  It was very dry.  The characters were so dull and boring.  I was completely bored by the end of the book.  Don't waste your money on this book. I am so disappointed with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to know what to do if you're pregnant, read this book. If you think you'll need to do anything else, skip the rest of this review and go straight to the book. The book is a waste of time and has a lot of information that you'll find very boring.  The first page is a little boring and the rest is a mix of very boring and very useless.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college and it was a total waste of time.  I can only conclude that the author had not done any research at all.  It is full of information that is just plain wrong.  There is one reference that is completely true, however.  If you don't believe it, I suggest you read the book, the information is right there on page 6.  Don't waste your time.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very basic.  It had no plot or character development and was basically a quick look into the history of Christianity.  The author did not know that he was writing an encyclopedia.  His book was just plain stupid.  He never got to the point of discussing why Christians believe the way they do.  If I had read this book, I would have been completely frustrated with Christianity.It would have made a great read, but it was far from it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can see why it has sold so well. But the writing is so weak. I would rather read an easy book that focuses on the history of Islam and the life of the Prophet Muhammad.  I will keep on looking for the next one, but I would not recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the weakest of the trilogy, and is definitely the least interesting in the series.  The characters are interesting, but not enough to justify the book.  We get the impression that the author, a fan of the series, wants to write a sequel, and then immediately writes the worst book he could possibly write.  It is quite possible that the book was written with a very limited budget.  I don't know, but I think it was.  There are some really good things in this book, and the main character's journey is very interesting, and it is worth reading, but this is not the best book of the three.  Don't waste your money, read it for enjoyment only 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed with this book. It was too short and too slow, and did not do a good job teaching the concept of money.  The best book I have read is David Mcnaughton's "Billionaire Boys: The True Story of the Trillionaire's Club" which is the book of the same name, which has been the basis for the TV show "Pawn Stars".  I would have given this book a chance if it was an hour or so longer, but it was not.  I wish I had spent more time with the book, as I would not have had to spend an hour and a half on it.  It was a waste of time, and not worth the $5.00 it cost me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of Gary Vayner, but this book was not for me. It was really boring and unoriginal. There was nothing to keep me interested and it was very un-exciting.  I would never read a book by Gary if I was looking for a book that would keep me on the edge of my seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a book collector and I love to read books about people's life, but this book does not inspire me to continue reading. I could not believe the author thought this book would be of any interest. The plot is simple and boring, the character development is flat and the story is repetitive. It is a waste of time, as I do not think anyone could really relate to it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with much of this book.  It's very dry, it's very dull, it really lacks a plot.  I am not a fan of the plot twist and turns that are done in this book and the ending was a very anticlimax.  The characters were not very interesting.  If you want a great book then I would suggest you go somewhere else.  Go ahead and read some of the other books by Ms. Liddon.  But I don't recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is over 500 pages, and not nearly as interesting as it appears to be. It's also a pretty tedious read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was an amazing book but it is a bit dry. I would not recommend this for an avid reader unless you are very very familiar with the characters. If you are like me and just want to see some fun and interesting stories in a funny style, skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a good book, but I couldn't even get a synopsis.  I have read a lot of history books and have done quite a bit of homework.  Not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read the reviews before this one, you already know that I hate this book.  If so, I must be doing something wrong.  I mean, how can a person who doesn't know any of the plot points even think to look at them?  The author just makes it up as he goes along.  It's like one of those "mysterious" children's books that is really just one of the words for a bad electronic device: the spelling.  Don't bother with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the first I read on the topic of the Christian religion, and I found myself in utter despair after the first chapter. I would like to give it back, but I just can't! I'm an atheist, and the religion of my youth was the religion I grew up with, but the religious fervor I experienced after reading this book made me feel like I would rather go to Hell than admit I was a Christian. I don't know if it was the prose, the fact that I already knew the Bible so well from my Catholic and Lutheran childhood, or the fact I felt I had to be honest with my friends that I was an atheist. It all seems to be in the title, which makes it even more disheartening to read the title. The book has the word "Christian" in the first page and the word the word a second time. It seems like the book is trying to make it seem like I have some sort of religious belief when in fact, I don;t. The author, in her attempt to make Christianity seem appealing, quotes some Bible verses, and then tries to justify the religious beliefs of her religion by saying, "The word Christian is defined as someone who is a follower of Christ." This sounds like she is saying that I am a Christian, because the word Christian implies I am either a Christian or not. I have an understanding of Christian beliefs, but it's not the same thing as a belief in the name of God. I am not a Christian because I'm not a believer in the word of God, I am only a believer because I want to be one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of repetition, and no new ideas.  It's a good book, but it's not really new.  A great book to read for those who have read a lot of "Downton Abbey", but not one that I would want to teach. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give this book a bad review: I just don't like this book. I read the first few chapters, and I was confused. The characters were just not believable. I could not identify with any of the characters, let alone the central characters. I am not even sure I really understood what the story was about. I had to turn away from the book before I finished it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like "The Book of Friends" then this book is for you! But beware, you will be bored and maybe even annoyed with the book.  Don't bother if you are looking for a quick "how to" type book. If you want to learn more about the "friendship" between man and woman then this is not for you. If this is your first attempt at reading "The Marriage of Heaven and Earth" then read it again, this time with a more serious, intellectual approach. If, however, you are interested in more "intellectual" discussion and the history of "the friendship" between Man and Woman then read "The Kingdom of Heaven".  I was also disappointed in "The Gift of Marriage", it was quite boring and did not give me the information I needed.  I think the best book on this topic is "The Gospel According to Saint Paul" by John Gillis, if you want a more in depth discussion and more answers than "The Bible", "The Wisdom of Saint Paul", "Christianity in the Ancient World", "St Augustine", "A Guide to Life", "Man's Search for God" or "The Church and The Bible" do give you.  If I was going to buy any more books on this subject, I would first look at "The Secret of Life" by James G. Scott, and "The True History of Marriage" by Charles D. Morgan.  It may seem like I am giving the "friends" of Man some credit here, but I am not!  I did not read them, I do not want credit for them! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rather read the books on "How to Succeed" than this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have read this book if I could.  But it is not recommended, so I am wasting my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very depressing book, that is for sure, and it takes the reader out of the real world.  There are not enough questions to keep the reader interested, and some very simple plot twists that I don't like.  The book starts out with a lot of good ideas, but they just don't seem to get off the ground.  Some of the questions are pretty difficult to answer, but you would think they would at least be able to put together a few ideas that will get the reader to the real problem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with a promising story, then goes downhill. The characters are never explained, nor are they given any sort of motivation for the reasons they act the way they do. I am guessing the authors were never given an opportunity to write a good book. The plot is very confusing. You have to read through all the pages to get any sort hope for what the book is trying to tell you.  I would not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really thought this book would be different.  I was so excited about it when I first read it.  But I must say that I was disappointed.  There are so many mistakes and inconsistencies in this book.  The stories are not original, and they lack the substance to support the story line.  They just go from bad to worse.  If I could give it a bad review, it would be that the stories are so much better in the book "The Death of a Good Book: Stories of Great Books" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the worst books I have ever read. It starts out with great ideas and then goes downhill in terms of plot. The characters are not very interesting, and the story itself isn't very interesting. I would not recommend this book for any one's serious interest in history, or even for the serious history student. It is an unnecessary book, and I hope the author gets some serious help to finish this story 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book is a little better than the second.  It starts with a beautiful description of a beautiful place, a beautiful island in the middle of the ocean, and then slowly deteriorates.  This book could have been much better if the author had stuck to a few basic rules: don't go there, don't take pictures, and leave before the sun goes down 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not have a positive review about it.  It is one of the worst I have read in recent years.  The plot was a bit interesting, but the character development was not very convincing.  I expected to see more of the characters as people rather than as archetypes.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not a reader, so I can't comment on this book.  But I'm sure that if you're a reader you'll have some problems with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts off with a great description of the ancient cultures of Asia and then goes on to talk about the evolution of that same culture, the Mongols, and the rise of Islam.  The second half of the book is full of a couple of half-baked theories and some very questionable generalizations.  It makes the rest of the material pretty useless.  For instance, the author says that there was a "conquering" of China.  I don't think so.  But I suppose that would have to be in his book because he has a PhD 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just wish I could give it a negative rating because the book is over-bunked with useless information. The whole thing just seems to boil down to how much you know about an obscure group of people who made up a "mythological" kingdom (in fact, no one really knows for sure what it was). It makes little sense and does not explain anything much, if anything. The book is not really useful or enjoyable, but it does have some historical information that could be interesting, but there is much better out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had no idea who this person was. The book was a mess.  I got through it, but I couldn't really believe it.  What a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little disappointing.  It seemed like a lot of text to read for the first half and then very few for the second.  I had hoped it would be something better, but I just found it very confusing.  The main character's name kept changing and I couldn't keep track.  There were many questions, but most seemed like they would have been answered better by the actual book.  This one did not make it as enjoyable as the last one, "In God's Country", which was the first of a series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book for my high school English class.  I was quite positive about it.  But I think this book could have been a lot better.  The first half of the book was actually pretty interesting.  We got to learn a lot about different cultures.  However, the second half of this book is so poorly written that I felt I could have done without.   I would have avoided the entire book if I had read it first! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really hoping that this was a good book, but it was a bit more of a slog for me. It was a long book, and I just wanted to know what was going on with the characters so I could make better decisions about what to do next.  It was just a boring and not at all original.  I didn't even get any real answers, just a lot of questions that I was trying to get answers for.  The characters were so generic, and it just seemed like they had very little in common.  So I will not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and I have no idea what it was about.  It was just a collection of stories and ideas that I could not believe I'd never read before.  The main reason I bought this book was the idea that it might be a possible book for kids, but I was wrong!  I can't believe I actually paid $20 for a book I already knew I didn't like!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was never a fan of this book. I had been waiting for an update on the book, which was written over a decade ago. But, I think the author has gone on a negative rant about the book. The book has become a kind of joke and a parody.  The book really does have some interesting ideas, but the author goes on and on about the same ideas.   I would suggest anyone reading this book to keep their wits about them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A waste of time, not very good book. There are only 4 or 5 things that really make it worth the time to read. The other three are descriptions of various things that are common.  It would be better to just watch a tv show or book that tells the story.  If you like adventure and adventure stories, then this book is great, but if you want to read about everyday life and the ways that people behave, read something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book.  I got a lot of ideas and it wasn't very coherent.  The main problem was that the characters kept changing their minds.  There were so many different ways to be a bad person.  And then when it came down to it, there was no real moral lesson at all.  It was all very simplistic and boring.  You could argue that it was very boring for the sake of boring.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book.  But I felt it was a tad too long, as I've read a couple books by this author that were shorter, to say the least.  I was hoping for something like 50 or 60 pages, maybe even less.  The end was a bit of a letdown, although I was glad the author kept up with the story in the last quarter of the book.A couple of the ideas in the book really didn't make sense to me.  Perhaps I just read it too quickly.  There were several places where the author had me wondering how this book could possibly work.  Other times, I was confused as to what the book was trying to tell me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very disappointing.  I wish I had read the book prior to the first book of the series and found it more enjoyable.  The book is not really about the characters, it is about the book.  However, I think the book would be a lot more enjoyable if the author had chosen to explore more about the world, instead of simply setting up a new series.  This series has done nothing for me, except remind me of what I have already read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dull, as I've already stated in my review about the book "The Story of a Great House: A History of the House of Windsor" by Paul Revere.  However, this is a great book to learn about Windsor, as it's the story of a great house and Windsor's family.  The main story is the one that the movie "The Phantom of the Opera" was based on, and it's not a bad story at all.  What this book lacks in depth is made up for in its boring writing.  It's not worth reading unless you want to see Windsor, but the writing style can be quite enjoyable to read if you don't have to keep track of the details of what you're reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a pretty decent book, but I must say it was far too simplistic.  I mean, I get it that there are two sides to the coin.  But, it doesn't make sense to go from there to the assumption that everyone is either for or against the law, and the author goes into detail about the reasons why, but doesn't go into any depth as to why it's immoral to violate laws against drugs.  If this was done by someone who really cared about the drug issue, it would be an impressive book.  It's not done that way by the author.   I hope that the author will write a more sophisticated book with more details than this one, as I really enjoyed this one.  However, this book has no depth, and I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will be honest and say I am a little disappointed in this book.  I was really hoping that it would have some insight on what I see as the biggest problem in our modern world - our lack of spirituality.  In truth, I found it very boring.  There are so many things in the world that people would like to believe in.  If people were to be more open minded about the wonders of our universe, I think there would be a more productive book. What really struck me as the most interesting was the history of the occult.  The concept that the occult exists was so out of touch with reality that it took me a while to get my head around.  However, the idea that there are things in this world that are hidden from the masses, or are beyond our comprehension, is something that the majority of the population believe in today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing I noticed when I read this book was the title. It sounds interesting but it is not.  The book is about a young girl who has been abducted by a monster. The story itself is not that much better. The monster is a creature and not an actual monster.  If you want to read a story that will make you feel a little bit sad for a girl, I would suggest the first book in the series, The Vampire Lestin, by Patricia Briggs.  I don't want to go there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was very slow.  The main characters, the main theme and the story were very flat.  I would not buy this book again.  A good book, maybe a little slow, would have made it more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very strange, if not an unfortunate book.  It's too long and too dense to be enjoyable and the writing is very clumsy and boring.  The book has a lot of information and ideas but it doesn't come together well.  I'm sorry to say I'll have to skip it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit that I'm not the best book reviewer.  I mean I love reading books and I do read lots of good books.  But I will never admit to the fact that I didn't like this one.  It was the worst book I have ever read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the others who felt that the book was boring. I really didn't like the title and the title is quite descriptive and interesting, but not very engaging 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be one of the most confusing and difficult to read in the entire series. It is so slow and boring. I am not sure why it is so difficult to understand and the author does not seem to want the readers to understand what is going on.  The characters seem to be too much alike, the plot is almost nonexistent and the language is not easy to read.  If you want a quick read with some plot, then this is the book for you.  However, if you want to know what happens in this book, then I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewer about not much being explained here.  The book is more a series of short chapters than a coherent narrative.  If you want a solid book on how to make an A&P book, buy "The Bigger Picture" by Michael E. Yates 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a book with some insights on a difficult topic, but was disappointed when I found the same old story again and again.  There is a lot of information, but the author does not give a lot on what to do, how to go about it, or even how to actually solve it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is filled with examples of bad writing, poorly written paragraphs and repetitions of the same ideas, etc. etc.  It would have been better if the author had used his own research to flesh out some of the examples instead of citing so many references.  The author tries too hard to sell a book, but this book is not even worth the money, and I doubt it will get him many sales.  I suggest you read the book, and the book's title.  This book is a poor excuse for a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is the worst book I have read, I have had my mind set on reading the "L" books and I am now done and disappointed.  The plot was weak, the characters were boring, and the dialogue was so choppy and unoriginal that I wanted to throw the book across the room 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author clearly has no idea how to write a book, and the author makes no attempt to be objective. The book is an attempt to promote her book and sell it at a high price, but the book is far from objective. In the beginning of the book the author says, "If you like a good book, I'm sure you will like this one too." Well, it's not a good one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a mess. The book begins with the story of how the book came into being. The story is not very exciting and is not even very accurate. It is just a retelling of a long, boring, and very boring story. The author attempts to give his readers a history of the Bible. The reader learns that God gave his son the book to record his life. The fact that the author believes that God would allow the book is very weak. If you want to know what happened to the book, you need to buy another book. The only reason this book exists is that the first one was written by a man named Gerald M. Lee. The first book was a flop and has yet to be replaced by any decent book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of short stories. It is not an entertaining book. The stories are very short and the story-telling is not consistent. It does not help that it is also very difficult to tell where the story starts and where it ends. The author writes very poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dull and not worth the money, but it did teach me how to be a good writer.  I'll probably just skip this book and go back to the one on "The Art of Writing".  The book was pretty dry and not very inspiring.  If you are a beginner in this craft you'll be better served by the one that I actually read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read the books before and the reviews are always positive, so I thought I would give this one a chance.  But I am not so optimistic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If this book is supposed to be a quick read, I'll take my money elsewhere.  There are so many boring details that you could easily spend your whole afternoon reading it.  I would never buy a book on the topic of love if it didn't have the simple "you should meet your future husband" paragraph that makes it sound exciting and excitingly simple.  It makes me wish I had read this book instead of the very interesting and thought-provoking book on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry I missed this book when I read it.  I have a large collection of books by and about the paranormal and I thought I'd give this one a chance.  Instead I learned about the "hocus pocus" (I believe) and the "witch" myth.  The "Hocus Pocus" is a fairy tale that actually is real.  It's just a case of "creature" not being what it appears to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time. It is a mix of fiction and history with no real sense. The characters are mostly the same, but the story is a mess and the book is far too long.  The plot is so weak, I am unsure what it was trying to say.  It was clearly written to sell a book rather than to write a story.  I don't understand why anyone would buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and tedious. It was repetitive and not really a story. I found it very boring and pointless. The book was not really original, I guess because I am so lazy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a wonderful read, but the story and characters just weren't as strong as I expected. The plot felt very rushed. I think I had to read the entire story, and maybe half of it, before I understood it. I don't know if I would have done the same with another book, but I would be very, very careful with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a great book but it really needs a better story, one that has real substance.  I would give it 2 stars but it was so hard to get through it.  The plot and character development is all over the place and it doesn't help that the characters seem to be so much caricatures.  There are so many characters in the book that I just could not keep up with.  It felt like every character had a personality problem.  At times it seemed like I was reading an autobiography and at times it felt like a novel.  Not sure if I liked the book at all.  But it is an okay book and it does get some things right 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been a student of John Richardson's work for several years. I really liked the first book, but now that I have finished Richardson's second book, I have a hard time understanding what he's trying to say. The first book was quite easy to read, although I had to put in a little more effort than I usually do to get through it. It had a lot of great information and very little text that would bog you down with technical details that the reader might not be able to retain. Richardson does that with his second book. It is basically a compilation of photos and drawings that he has done over the years. He says that he does not want the book to be a "how to" book. He wants it to be more like a "what to" and "why" book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the book then read it. But I'm sorry, I don't.  I found it boring, I couldn't figure out what the plot was.  It seemed like the author was trying to put together something new, and that is not my taste.  You could do much better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most reviews on this book.  I would like to say the book was a great idea.  The writing was well written and the pictures were great.  However, I felt that the author tried to force some ideas into his writing and the overall book lacked a strong moral message.  For example, he would use the "I have a bad feeling about this book" excuse to explain his reasons for wanting to write a negative book.I do not think he was trying to do that.  He did write a positive book about his daughter, but not to the extent that I expected.  Instead, I thought he was a writer who would write a book that was strong.  But this book was not strong.The book was an effort to write something positive, but I did not feel that it was.  In fact, I was very disappointed in the book.There are many good books out there, but this one did not satisfy me.  A good book could have been written by a writer such as Michael Crichton or William Faulkner.  Or, even better, by a Christian writer such like Dan Wallace or Robert J. McNeil.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book. I have been trying for years to understand what I call "the secrets of success".  I was hopeful that this book would help me.  I expected that it would give me a deeper insight into the importance of getting back to basics and working in a positive direction.  Unfortunately, it didn't.  The book doesn't go into great detail on why this works or what it's about.  It is more of a vague "how-to" than a detailed "why".  The author goes on and on about the importance and benefits of working out, but it doesn't seem like there's much practical advice that can be applied to the day-to-day business of being a business owner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book a number of times and I am always frustrated.  The plot was not interesting.  Too many of the characters were flat.  I really feel it was a case of poor writing.  And I was really hoping that the book would be a positive review about another good book: The War Against the Weak: The Failure of American Foreign Policy.  It was an excellent book and I thought it would be an even better book with an even more realistic take on American foreign policy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am surprised at how many of the chapters are written in the style of an interview.  It is very difficult to relate to them.  I could not understand why there were not more interviews with more people.  The story is very weak.  Many chapters were very slow.  Overall I am very disappointed.  But I guess it is a good book because it has some entertaining stories 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sure that many people like this book.  However, I have not read it.  I have seen it advertised as a book on the "insane" or "schizophrenic" symptoms of mental illness.  It is not.   It describes the symptoms of what appears to be the "schizoid" symptoms in a negative light.  In other words, it is not helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be the least interesting of all the other books I read.  I would never waste my time with this one.  It was a chore to finish, and I could not understand what I was reading.  This is one book that should not be recommended to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only redeeming feature about this book is that it contains the following sentences: "At the same time that the Soviets were conquering Eastern Europe and the world was being transformed by the power of Soviet power, there was a growing sense of alienation among many of its citizens, especially young people, to the concept of an all-powerful government. This sense of disaffection with authority was further exacerbated by the growing belief that the country's leaders were part of a secret government."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book at least 10 times.  I must say, it is just not funny.  It is boring and unoriginal.   It has nothing new.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of references to books and bookshelf articles that are outdated. The book's subject matter is a bit stale.  I would not suggest it as a reading material for a new book, however if you are looking for a book to help you get through a new class, this book might be for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the entire thing.  I cannot believe it.  This is a collection of short stories.  Each story has a beginning, middle, and end.  In each case, there is a plot twist, but it is not exciting.  A few of the stories, however, do have some good ideas, but the writing and the plot are not as clear as they could be.  If you're looking for something to do with children or who are struggling with feelings or thoughts, this may be the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not buy this book because I don't believe that any one person could have written this story.  The characters are shallow and the plot is weak.  I feel that it's not worth my money, but it is a book I would not give to a friend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of money. It is not a detailed guide to the book, and is a great introduction to it. However, if you are looking for a more detailed and more comprehensive guide, this is the book to buy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main theme of this book is that people of different ethnicities are the same, not different.  I don't buy it.  The book does not cover the issues of how different groups are treated differently by the government.  One of the issues in this book was that the US government was denying basic rights to Japanese American and German Americans, that's a big issue.  That's an obvious problem, but one that needs to be addressed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not funny at all. It's a dull, lifeless, boring and repetitive story that doesn't have much to offer to the reader.  It doesn't even make sense.  I feel that the author has wasted his time on this.  A shame, because it's so much better than many of his other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book twice now.  It's not funny or well done.  The main character (the main character, not the one to whom you're talking) has very little to do with the plot.  This book is just another in a long line of poorly written books that attempt to capture the hearts and minds of children.  Don't waste your time.  You can read the books on your own.  I would recommend that you use your own brain 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't know what he's talking about. The writing style is clunky.  The plot is ridiculous.  I can't imagine how anyone could get through the story, let alone comprehend it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time. It is the sort of book that you have to look through just to get to the end. I was looking for information on the history of the British Army. I got no such information in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book's not very interesting, just repetitive and boring.  The only redeeming feature is the author's sense of humor, which makes the book entertaining, but I don't believe it's worth paying any money for.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not that hard to find a book that you can put down and move on from, but this one just makes it look like you could just keep reading until you die! It's just too much repetition and it doesn't get any deeper than the first few chapters. The rest of the book is just a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I was very disappointed.  I didn't really understand what it was about and I got it at the time of the book signing so it could have been something I missed.  It was a very boring story.  What happened in it? Who is that girl? What is her life like? Why does she like her parents so much?  The ending was also very anticlimactic and I could not even finish the book.   I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of "The Complete Book of Modern Mathematics" by the mathematical team, K.O.T.P.  I thought it would be much more interesting if there were several chapters devoted to each of the elementary topics. Instead, it is all over the place and you get lost in the babbling.  It is very hard to follow because the author has very little mathematical ability.  The chapters don't even start on a good note!  The first chapter is on "The Roots of a Positive Quotient" which is pretty straightforward.  Then, the chapters on "A Simple Number System" and "A Positive Number System: The Mathematical Theory of Numbers" get really complex.  Don't even get me started on the chapter on "Binary Arithmetic" which makes no sense!  You can't really understand it unless you do math and that is not the point of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very hard to read. It was slow, not exciting.  I think it would be a good idea to go into this book with an open mind.  It could be very interesting and interesting book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of the book is really tedious and not very interesting.  I was expecting something more interesting and more thought provoking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just awful. I would not have been interested in reading it as a teen 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not very pleased with this book. It was mostly about the early history of Christianity. However, there were some interesting things in it, such as the fact that Jesus was not only a teacher of a new religion, but a philosopher, and that he had disciples who taught him new doctrines. However what I disliked most about the book was the use of the word "Gospel" and the word Christ. I believe this book was written by a Christian, so I do not know why he felt the need to use the word Gospel.  I feel that it was written for a non-Christian audience as well, so it is not a very well-written book.  In addition, I do believe that Jesus Christ did not write this book and it is an error to assume so. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  I was expecting more from an author of a popular book series.  It was too much about the plot and not enough about the characters.  They are so stereotyped that I could not relate to them.  We see too much of the male heroes and not too much female heroes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rather read a good book than one of this one.  I will never read a bad electronic device again.  The character development is so poor, the story itself is so uninteresting and boring.  It could be a parody, because it is so simplistic and so boring. It would be a very long book to get through the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I was buying this book for my son, who wanted to know about the life of Jesus. I was wrong. This book is not for the little ones.  It's a lot of reading, but it's not interesting.  I would rather read this book as a little adult 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more from this book. I am a big fan of John Hughes, and I am always happy when he writes a good book, but I had my doubts when he wrote a book called "The Best Little Novel Ever: The Complete Journey of Robin in a Tampon."  I have always enjoyed Robin Williams' work, and had I read this book, I would have been sorely disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just did not find this book helpful.  There are a lot of good books on the subject.  Don't waste your time, buy a good book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book. I read it as a child and then gave it to my parents. I think the author just didn't know what he was doing. The story is long and boring and it has the feeling of a book tome that was meant to be written for an adult audience, but not for children.  I am surprised at how much time the author spent on the sex acts, especially the first time he gets into the sex act. I have read books that go into the detail of these acts, so I was expecting to see the sex scene more than I did 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you have read any book written by James Patterson you will know he writes with such a bombastic style. I do not agree with him on many things, such as his views on the use of guns, but I do believe he has some interesting ideas and would like to hear more. However, this is an awful book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very slow to get to the point.  The characters were flat, uninteresting, and in many cases, unappealing.  Not much information about any of the characters.  A pity the author didn't have better ideas for her story.  I would have been better off with an easier book, such as, "The Power of the Positivity," or, "Why You Should Believe in God: A Natural History," or some other easy book that would have gotten to the truth in less than a hundred pages.  There was also very little information on how to write a positive review about an easy book.    I suggest this book to anyone who would like to learn more about how to be happy, and how to overcome some of the obstacles that they might face, such people.  However, it would be more useful for anyone who is trying to make a positive change in their life by taking action, rather than just reading a book.
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to re-read this book after it was first published and was very disappointed.  It seems that the author did not write the book at all.  Instead it is actually a compilation of notes that she wrote while doing her thesis.  I found it very boring and did not want to waste any more of my time on it.  The book is just not very interesting.  Perhaps I should have re-purchased it for my own use.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers that this is a very confusing book.  The book tries to explain some of the basic concepts that are actually quite well explained in the first three chapters of the book. In this book, the reader is left with a very unclear understanding of what the concept of a negative book is.  It does not provide any answers, but does provide some interesting suggestions and strategies for avoiding negative book writing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is being recommended to students. The book seems to me to be a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I wanted to learn how to do electronic device repairs and was afraid that my husband and I would waste too much time trying to find out the right tools to do the job, not to mention that it was going to be a challenge to understand the diagrams and instructions.  It turned out that I wasted my money on this book.  I am not surprised that the title of this book is the number one book in the world for repairs.  The diagrams are fine, but the instructions are not.  If you want to learn basic electronic device repair, then this book should not be recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book.  I thought it was a little too preachy and not as funny as I had hoped.  It was very dry and boring.  If you like humor, then this is a great book. If you don't, then it's a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  It is too long, I feel it is lacking in depth.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  You will get some information here and there.  But not enough to truly understand how a bad electronic device can damage your life.  This book is a bit of a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a long, dull, dull book, and the characters aren't as interesting as in the book I read last year. I would rather have read something like "The Magician's Apprentice" or "The Wizard's Life" instead.  But if you're a reader who wants to learn about magic, you'll find this book lacking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring. It's not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the third book in a series that has a very shallow premise. It's not a book about the Middle Ages or the Crusades. It is a history book about a small kingdom in the late middle ages, with a very few people.  The first two books, "The Land of Legends" and "The Knights of the Black Circle", are great.  However, "Kings and Conquerors" does not provide enough information to satisfy.  There is a lot of stuff in there that makes you want to skip ahead, but it is so far from being "historical" that it is hard to care.  You want to know how the kings lived, but you can't.  It also doesn't do much to make the book interesting, it is just a lot more like a history textbook.  I am so disappointed in this book because it was advertised as being "the definitive history of medieval Europe".  I hope the next book in this series, "War and Politics in Europe", is better.  If not, I will give up on the series and just buy the previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of short stories, and there are only three or four stories worth reading. The other stories are either really bad, or I have been so taken with them that I have lost track of what I am reading.  The stories are quite short and there is little in the way of plot or character development, and not much in the sense of suspense or suspense that is needed in order to make the reader care.  I do not know what a writer is doing when he uses this format.  This sort of story is far too common in the science fiction genre.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not as much fun as it is a chore to read.  I wish I had read it before I went into a real marriage!  It could have been a great book to help us with our questions but I'm glad it's not.  You will not find any answers to your questions in this book.  It's more a general outline than it is specific answers.  My wife read this book twice and still had no answers to the questions she had.  The last page is full of questions that she said she was still asking and I thought I was done.  That's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very confusing. It is quite confusing. I can't remember anything from the book. I could see the story and then I could forget the names.  It was a waste of time.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very interesting book, with lots of historical data, and the main idea was interesting.  However, it fell apart quickly.  I found it to be very boring and repetitive, as most of the data was the same.  This book would have been much more interesting if it had been done in a different way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character in this book, John Brown, is the stereotypical white male that the author seems to think most people are.  In the last third of the book, the author begins to make the reader realize that this is not a story about John Brown.  I read this book for an anthropology class.  This is not an anthropology textbook.  It is a text book.  The author does not understand what he is trying to teach.  As a result, the reader is left feeling confused.  John Brown is a character that could not have been written by anyone else.  He comes off as condescending.  Also, John, in the last half of the novel, is forced to participate in a forced wedding ceremony.  Why did the author write a book that makes this character such a burden for the reader?  The fact that this was the only book that I read for an hour or two is proof enough that the book was a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a little bookish and like to read about interesting topics and people, this is a book for you.  But if you like to make your own decisions, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry to report that this book is not a work of fiction, it's a compilation of facts, statistics, and a little bit of personal history. It's a collection of statistics that are presented as if they are real, and it's not terribly enlightening. I think the author could have done better with this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am new to this genre.  It's hard to know what you're supposed to be reading  if you haven't already read a couple of the others 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the book, you can tell how I feel reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not even going to bother to review this book because it was such a disappointment.  I was hoping for a novel, but this book did not deliver.  The writing was atrocious, the story was boring and the characters lacked real life.  They had no personality and I wanted to put the book down because I could not care less about what happens to these characters.  This book was so much better than the previous one.  For example, this book has a female character who actually speaks and behaves like a real person, while the previous book had a female who was mute, had no speech, and acted like a child.  How does the author think that we want a woman in this book, who cannot speak, who acts like a complete idiot?  The fact that the author had this kind of book, that is the most pathetic book I have ever read.  It is a shame that the book was published because it would have been a much better book if the author was allowed to rewrite it and make it into a book that actually tells a good story.  We don't have to sit around and listen to the author's ramblings.  There are so many good books on the market.  Why should the author not be allowed to write a book about real life that is not only a waste of money, but also a waste for the reader?  If the author can't do this then how can anyone expect him to do other work?  I don't want to read this book anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an attempt to present an accurate history of American Indian culture. It was more like a lecture than a book.  The information was a little dated (it was published in 1967) and the language was difficult to follow.  I found the stories fascinating but not compelling.  For example, I am familiar with some of the tales and have read many others.  As for the history itself, it's all just a bunch of stuff people like to tell.  But if you want to learn about the actual culture, read the books by John Henry and James A. Farris 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be very boring and not very original.  I could see the book would have sold better had the author not taken a long detour into a discussion of the various religious differences between Judaism and Christianity.  As a former Presbyterian minister, I would have appreciated more detail and some deeper analysis on this issue.  However, as an American, I do not believe that Christians are superior to Jews and therefore this book should be taken as a general guide on this matter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a great writer, but his prose is so choppy and awkward that it is hard to believe that he has ever written a book.  The book contains many examples of a bad sentence.  For example, "The girl's name is  Marika.  But her mother's name was  ".  I wonder how this man managed to write that sentence 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not agree with this book.  I think the author really does not know what he is talking about.  The chapters that are really not even that important really drag on.  Not really a negative book, just not the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so dull and predictable.  You get the sense you've read a hundred times before the plot unfolds.  The only thing that I enjoyed was the last few pages.  But I thought it could have been more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say that this book is an example of what NOT to write 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's the sort of book you buy at the bookstore, or one you buy in a bookshop, or something you read in an airport bookshop.  It contains no information, no plot, no story.  In fact, it's just a bunch of quotes, and it's only slightly more than one page long.  The whole thing reads like an introduction to a book, or a chapter, which means it's a bit redundant.  You can find more information about the book by looking at the reviews 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very frustrating read. The main character, Dora, was a little too much of a dumb blonde, and the story was a bit too slow. There were some funny moments, but not many.  The ending was a major disappointment.  I wish it was a different book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've read.  I was expecting something more entertaining.  Instead I got a boring, rambling and incoherent story about a boy's life.  Not even remotely funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I've ever read.  It was boring and repetitive.  I didn't like the characters so much 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very dry, almost to the point of being boring. The characters were not really likable, not really interesting.  There were some interesting ideas, however, but the story was very predictable and boring.  This author should have at least written a book for a child that could hold its own with the "The Hobbit" trilogy.  The first few chapters were actually very entertaining, and it seemed that some readers were actually interested 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am very sorry to hear that your book "The Great Depression" has been a big disappointment to you.  I have read it and it was an enjoyable read.  However, it does not provide much information about the period, which I find quite confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't know how to spell 'The New York Times.'  The whole book is just a collection of newspaper clippings.  Don't bother reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so looking forward to reading this book and it wasn't  I'm afraid it was a disappointment.  I did read the first chapter and thought I was going to have to turn  it down.  The main theme of the book was how to be successful  as a female and how to cope with the demands of being a woman 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing I noticed was that the author used the term "quotable" to refer to all the quotes. It's true that the book contains a lot of quotable quotes. But the author has a tendency to use the term as an adjective.  I can't believe he's quoting so many quotable passages, because I'm sure he had no intention of doing so.  But I do have to wonder why he gave away the entire book at one go, when the bulk of it was originally planned to be a small paperback version.  A book which was intended to be read by a few people and then later published by a small press seems to me to be in a bad way.  If he'd kept it for his small press, then maybe the publisher would have been better served.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not want to write a negative book review.  I want to review a good book: This book is the first time I've read that a book is so much more shallow than I first expected.  This book contains many interesting and funny stories, and the stories are presented in a lighthearted and humorous way.  But the main character in this book, I think, does not make any sense at all.  The author writes this story as a satire, but the story is so farfetched and incoherent that the reader is never quite sure if the author is trying to make a point or if the reader himself is trying too hard to get into the character's head.  Either way, I cannot recommend this book.  If you want a funny story, then read the first half of "The Wasp", which I also have not read.  A good book to read before you read "The Death of a Bad Book: A Tale of Literary Failures" by John Grisham, or for an example of a bad, poorly-written book, read "Misfits" by Michael Crichton 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry but this book is not worth the price. The only thing this book has going for it is that it has a lot of pictures and a lot to say about the history of the country, but it is very hard to get any real understanding of what it is all about without spending several weeks researching the book and getting your own opinions and knowledge.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was really interesting.  I just wish it was more organized.  There were just too many pages and not enough information to go along with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total waste of time, and there is little else to be said.  The characters are almost all useless and the plot is rather predictable.  I would have preferred a less boring book, like the one I read from the back cover.  Don't waste your time on this book!  It's a waste of your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a book that was advertised as an American classic.  The title page of the book did not say American classic, however, I would have to agree with the reviewer that this is a book written in England, and not American, that is a shame.  It is also a shame that it is not in the public domain.  I will not waste my time and money to see if this book is worth it, but I will at least make it a point to read it in English.  As an Englishman, I am quite pleased that it was published and I have no reason to complain about it, however it is definitely not a classic in the English sense.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very slow.  It is filled with lots of clunky language and no real plot.  I was so disappointed by this book.  The plot was a joke.  Nothing exciting happens.  There are only so many ways you can go about dying and the book was not entertaining.  If you have read this book you are a coward.  You cannot handle real death.  Don't be a coward 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first few chapters and felt I was in for a boring, dull ride. I have read other books by this author and this one was not even worth reading. I thought I would enjoy it more if it were more interesting.    The plot was boring and the characters were not believable.  I could have done without the scenes of animals in the woods and such.  If you like children's books, I would advise against this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is very misleading. It refers to the book "Crazy Money: The Hidden Truth About Investing" by John C. Bogle. I am not a Bogle disciple, but I do believe the book to be useful to those who are. If you read the book, then you will see the title is a very misleading description.  Bogle himself was not an investor. I will not be spending the time in furthering the Bogle thesis unless it is clearly spelled out.  The book is written in a very confusing way.  A very good book, for those who have not done as much investing as the author, but it does not provide the information the author intended.  It does have some good information, however, but the author did not do the research necessary to prove his claims.  I am afraid I will never invest in stocks again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written by an American who was born in England and lives in America. I thought it was written for Americans. It is not.  The story is told from the perspective of a British immigrant and the Americans he encounters. The Americans he meets are rude, hostile, and ignorant. The English are portrayed as the benevolent power, the British who live in America are the foolish and the British are the victims. The book was not very interesting and boring. It was very disappointing to me that a book written for people who don't know much about England would use so much of the British as a scapegoat. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in an awkward fashion.  The plot is not very interesting.  There are no action scenes, and no explanation for the actions that are taking place.  I found the book boring, and not very readable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book, but after reading it I realized it is so much more like a work of art than anything else.  It is so over-the-top that it could only be written by someone who knows nothing about the Bible.  There are lots of pictures and drawings and stories, but the Bible itself is not presented in such a way that makes it accessible to the average person.  The pictures are not presented as actual paintings, but as drawings of biblical stories, which are actually more art than art.  I don't know who this author is or what he is trying to say.  He seems to think he is giving a Bible book, so I guess he is.  Maybe it's just a bad translation, or maybe it's not meant for the average reader, but it is not for the Christian audience at all.  But if you want to see some pictures, here are a couple of the pages: 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book, and I have to agree with the reviewer. The stories are not that interesting. It's a quick read, with lots of little details, and the characters are not very realistic. However, I found the book very helpful in making sense of the many rules of the road, and it gave me some ideas for doing the same. But if you want a quick guide to the rules of life, don't buy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of Michael Chabon's books and I am always eager to read his latest, "The Mysteries of Time" and "The Peril of Time", and I wanted to like this one too.  Unfortunately I was not able to enjoy it as much as I thought I would, which is a shame.  The characters were interesting, but the writing was clunky and the plot was predictable.  I did not find myself totally in the story, which was a disappointment to me.  Overall the book was not that memorable, but I did like the story and it did get me interested in the series.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a collection of letters from young boys in the foster care system.  I found it interesting, but it was not for me.  If you want to read letters written by a group of boys who have experienced abuse in foster care, check out The Courage to Heal. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not that great.  The story was not original and it was not funny.  It was just boring.  I would not buy this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book many times.  The story itself is interesting.  But the author does not follow a systematic plot.  I believe that the reader would be better served by the "Discovery" series by Thomas Cook and Jack Pfeifer.  It is very difficult to relate to the story and not feel like you are reading a biography 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very strange idea. A whole lot of information is not explained and no one really seems to get the concepts. I would have been more interested in the concept of a negative book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have seen a lot of books like this and I have to say I really didn't like this one.  The plot was so obvious and boring that I could have skipped it.  I didn't even understand what the big deal was.  This book could be very interesting if the plot was actually interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not sure where I can begin in reviewing this book.  I do not think this book was written well or at all.  There are several inaccuracies in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very dry and not at all interesting story.  If you are looking for some adventure, read the adventure of Mr. Jones.  This is a very boring book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no clue what this book is about. The pictures are amazing, but the book seems to lack anything of substance to make it worth reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have given this book a positive review if it was any good.  It was not, however, as I expected.  The book is very dry and repetitive.  I thought that I was getting a history of the rise and fall of the British Empire, not the story of how the British were defeated in India.  What I read was a history book about the British in India, not a history that could be taken as a critique of the Indian Army or the British Government.  Overall, I would give this book one star, one negative review.  But, I am not giving it that.  This book is a very hard book to finish and I have only got half the way through.  If you want to learn more about the Battle of Aughus and the Battle Of Thakul, I suggest the book by John Keegan 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's just an abysmal book that is not even funny. I can't believe it has gotten as far as it has without being sued.  I read it and laughed, but not with the same effect.  It does not have any real meaning.  The characters are boring and one of the worst parts is that they are not even likable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a little disappointing.  It starts off with some great ideas, but it soon becomes bogged down by an unnecessarily repetitive plot.  The end of the novel feels like it was written by someone who had seen the movie, but didn't quite understand it, so he kept writing in order to make up for that knowledge deficiency.  And, like the movie itself, it starts out with a great idea and ends up with a poorly written story that just drags on.  Don't waste your money on this book, but instead read "The Story of a Bad Book: A Memoir of a Failed Romance" by Paul Eklund 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a great example of how not to write a positive review about any book: this book is the worst in a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book. It is simply not interesting, and I have had it with a few of the chapters. There are no characters in this book, only plot points.  The author attempts to make her story sound like a fairy tale, but there are very few of them.  I was hoping for something that would be more interesting, but sadly it is not.  It is hard to believe that a woman who wrote such a positive review about The Magician's Apprentice is now not impressed with her book.  Do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not even worth reading.  I can't believe it's been ten years since I read this.  There are so many mistakes in this book that I can only wonder why people still buy this book.  The book seems to be trying to say that the Catholic church was not a bad thing and that it was wrong for the church to persecute people for being gay.  This is just plain false.  It was a very bad book, and the author needs to be ashamed of himself.  If you are not Catholic and would like to read a good book, then I would suggest reading the Life of a Catholic Homosexual by Henry H. Hagan, who was a Catholic and a homosexual for decades before he began to "come out" as a Catholic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very difficult to read. I do not know what kind of book it is. I read it twice and was very disappointed.  The book starts with a lot of information about animals and goes on to cover some of the things that I do. I will say that it is true that animals can be useful to us. However, it is not true that humans should care about animals. We should be compassionate towards animals.  I do know that the author is a vegetarian. I would have liked to see the author talk more about vegetarianism in this book.  However, he does not really talk about it much. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite taken by the premise that these kids are in a different universe than those who go to school and are just generally better than us.  The book makes no attempt to explain why that is so.  Just a bunch of kids who are really, really, REALLY stupid.  It's a very dull book, but it is also full of plot holes.  If you want to read something like that, I recommend the book called The Dork Child 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors.  The book starts out with an impressive statement that there is a scientific consensus that global warming is a real thing, and then proceeds to go down the rabbit hole in the first few chapters.  It is a travesty.  A simple fact check would have revealed this.  In reality, there is no such consensus.  I do not believe anyone with any scientific knowledge would be stupid enough to say such a thing.  Instead, it is a political statement.  Why are we so eager to accept it?  Why is the government so eager?  I suspect the answer is because it provides the opportunity to advance a political agenda.  That is a shame.  Do not waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a waste of time and is really only used as a tool to further the author's agenda.  It is very poorly written.  If you are looking for a quick guide to the New Testament, this book is NOT for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found it very hard to understand what the author meant.  He did not even mention what he meant by "harsh" or "hurtful".  I don't think that anyone can say what he means when he uses these terms.  His book was just another case of a young writer trying to explain his ideas.  The book is also very dull and uninteresting.  It was boring for a while and then I began to enjoy it.  But then it was very dull again.  I wonder if he has any real ability.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very difficult to follow and I could not understand why it was being offered to me. I found it very hard to believe that people could actually write this book.  I would not recommend it as an educational book for anyone.  It was a very slow-paced and boring read.  The book is not for the casual reader.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very dry, boring book. The author spends most of the time trying to explain some very basic concepts and not giving much in the way of insight. It is a very disappointing book to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this would be an enlightening look into the life of a woman of the future. Unfortunately it's a lot more of the same.  It's a little more engaging at times but it's just not that interesting.  You may or may not like the author but the material is very much lacking 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author was a little slow on the uptake in her book. The book was pretty, but not terribly original. It did, however, feature some very odd characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems that there are some people who think that the Bible is full of the most shocking, shocking and disgusting things imaginable.  If so, I would suggest that they look into the Bible, and not read a bad biography or an article that is just to make a buck.  Don't worry, though, the Bible can be a good book.  It's just that the author hasn't put in his full effort into it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was written by an older man, and while it does have some interesting ideas, the prose is too long and repetitive. It does have a few ideas, but it feels like a chore to keep reading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read this again.  This is the first time I have read anything by L. Ron Hubbard, and I cannot believe that this is a novel.  It is so unoriginal, I cannot even begin to understand what the author has done.  I cannot trust this author.  The book itself is so boring, I will not even bother to review it.  If you want to read about the cult leader's beliefs, this is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book says it all, the book is just boring.  Don't waste your money on this book, it's a waste of your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a quick review on a good book: I am not a big fan of this book. I would not call it a quick book, but I do not like it to be considered a quick read. I found the book to be quite tedious. It took me 2-3 pages to get through. There were a few pages that I found boring and repetitive. However, there were some really great stories in this book, some great characters, and some great ideas, but the book was not for the casual reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a number of "how to" books and they have always been great, but I don't usually read books written by experienced self-help authors because I'm not very confident about myself, and I like to know the best way to solve problems.  In this book I felt like it was just a lot of information that I wasn't confident about.  I'm a college student and I needed some general tips to get started and I certainly wouldn't be a good therapist if I couldn't follow through on the tips.  The author does go a little overboard with the list of things to do (for example, "if you are depressed, just do it!"), but that's not what I'm looking for.  This book also seems to gloss over some of the more complex topics and it's a little vague when it comes to using the "self help" techniques.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe anyone actually bought this book.  I have read many books that I found to be better than this one, and I am truly a disappointment.  If I can recommend any good books, I would suggest "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts with a positive review about "The Night Angels" and then jumps right into a series of descriptions of various sex acts that are either not described at all or are described very haphazardly. If you're expecting to get a full-fledged description of sex acts, this is a bad electronic device.  It's an overview of the subject with a little more detail than the average person is used to seeing. If your book is a little too basic, this might not be a bad read for you. But if you are looking for a good book on the subject, this one will probably not help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a book that was a little more than just a history of the Vatican and the Catholic Church. I had read several books on this topic and was quite disappointed with the lack of information in this one. The information that was given was not that much help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've seen many people complain about this book. I will only say that it has very little in the way of new ideas. It is very repetitive, and it is very long.  I would like to see a book that I can do in one night and not have to come up with an idea for the next day or so. This one did not satisfy me. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very dry and boring read.  If you want a more in depth look at the history of China, or just a quick history lesson, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. I am a former Navy officer, but I can't believe the amount of time spent on the Navy in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's one of the most depressing and depressing books I've read.  The only redeeming aspect is that it's a great story.  But you have to be pretty high on your own mind to want to read this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors. I found it to be a long way from the original text, with very few original ideas.  It does cover the basics of the story, but the plot and characters are totally different.  The whole story is basically just about the King, and it would have been much more interesting if the book had been written by someone with some real interest in the story and not just someone who just wanted to be King.  King seems to have very little actual research in his book.  I was disappointed by King's lack of effort in making a coherent story, and the plot holes were so numerous I could not even finish the book. This is a terrible book. King should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first part was ok.  I was expecting a little more action, and some more detail, especially regarding the characters, but it was not.  The characters, in general, did not come to life.  It's hard to know where the story is going when there are so few characters, especially the main character.  He is a lot of wasted space.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book was ever published is because it was published by another writer.  I wish the author had more respect and not used his own opinions and experience.  He goes so far in the opposite direction from the majority of people and it is very upsetting to read.  You can't just write a negative book about a negative movie without making it a negative one.  Don't waste your time or money on this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is a huge let down. I would not waste my time reading it. I could not believe how many pages I had to slog through.  The story was interesting, but it was just so boring.  I really would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been looking for a good book on money for years and I am not finding it. I can't imagine anyone could find it in this book. I have read many other books on money and it does not hold your attention, but this book, like many other ones out there, does not offer much new or useful information.  The author uses the same terminology and makes similar arguments as other books I have seen.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books by this author and am not impressed by this one.  The book begins with a lengthy introduction, then abruptly moves on to the text.  I wish I could say the same about many of his other books.  This book, however, is especially problematic for those who want to take a deep dive into an historical study of the Middle Ages.  He seems to have gone a bit overboard with the "Historical Methods" section.  If you're a history major or are interested in medieval studies, do yourself a favor and skip this book.  For those who are not so interested in the Middle Age, I would suggest this one: "A History of the Early Middle Ages" by John of Salisbury 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like Peter V. Brett.  But this is very dull.  Not at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is about as well written as they come.  They just need to write a better book!  I am very disappointed with this book.  I will not be buying it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many of the negative reviews about this book. The story is not very interesting.  It is also quite long.  I am sure that most people will like it if they like the story and characters.  But I don't think the book is worth the price.  If you like stories with a plot, I think you will enjoy this one.  However, if you don't like stories, don't buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is just a compilation of quotes from a few people who have no idea what they're talking about.  I would rather read a book by someone who knows what they are talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the books by this author. This one is not good. The plot is not as compelling as in previous books. The characters do not develop as much as they did in previous ones. The ending is very unsatisfactory. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like the book at all.  The story just seemed to drag on for the majority of the book.  I kept flipping pages hoping it would somehow be resolved.  It wasn't.  If you are looking for a quick story, this is the book for you.  But if you are an aspiring writer, I suggest you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first chapter, about halfway through the book, was boring. I kept trying to find something that I could write about that was even more interesting.The next chapter, however, was good, but the rest was not.  It's hard to say whether this book is a good book or not. If it's a bad one, it's not worth reading for the rest of your life.  If it was a good one, then it should have been written by a different author.  I do not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't understand why the authors felt that this book needed to be written.  The book reads as if it were written yesterday.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time.  I mean, who would want to waste time reading a book on sex?  I would be glad if it only served to remind me how little I knew about sex and how to approach it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what to say about this book. It seems to be full of ideas that don't make sense, but are then followed up by lots of lists.  There's a lot of repetition in this book, and I don't really feel like I can make any sense out of it.  I can only say that I wish I could find a book that made sense and didn't waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first chapter is full of unnecessary, boring, and repetitive information. Then it becomes more about the "how" of the book. The second chapter is the most boring I have ever read. I will never read this book again. I am going to give it away. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is poorly written. I would rather see a professional biography written by an author who knows what he is talking about. The author gives very few examples of what he believes to be historical reality.  The author does not know the difference between a historical period and a myth.  He simply believes the myths are factual.  I can't believe this book was written by such a novice.  It is not clear to me that anyone actually reads this book.  Do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book several years ago. I must have been very naive.  I learned very little from it.  Instead, I went through the book with a notebook and kept repeating myself.  It was very frustrating to have to read this same book twice in order to get it right.  The most I got out of this book was "how much money do I need to make?"  It certainly didn't give me the answers I was looking for 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a chore to read the first few pages and then realize that this book was not for me. I am a regular book buyer and was not interested in reading a novel about the Holocaust.  The first chapter did not give any information to the reader.  I am afraid to read a book about the Auschwitz and Auschwitz victims without the basic information that the book offers.    The author writes too much for my taste 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had some difficulty finishing this one. It was boring and the story was confusing.  The story about "Maggie" was a lot of nonsense.  There was no reason for this book to be given a positive review. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of Paula Jones' books.  I love her character and I was so excited to read this book.   The problem is the writing.  Paula Jones' characters are extremely shallow and one dimensional.  The plot of this book is also incredibly boring and one sided.  While the characters are interesting and funny at times, they are extremely boring and uninteresting to the reader.  At times I found myself wanting to skip the book and I have even read other Paula Jones books to get some variety in my reading.  All in all this book was very disappointing to me.  It was not entertaining and it was not a joy to read.  Instead it left me wanting for something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed when I found out that this was actually the story of a boy and his dog.  This book is nothing but a silly tale with some decent illustrations and some decent stories.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an English professor, and I was quite a few of the books I reviewed that have made me realize I would never read a book like this again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was pretty basic and boring. I found it a waste of my time and it wasn't very interesting. It was a lot of words on the same theme. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame this book isn't better.  The stories are dull and not that memorable.  What a terrible book!  I read this for a class and I had to skip the third book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very disappointing book, very predictable, not original. I would like to see the author return to the subject of his earlier book on the Holocaust. The theme of "holocausts", the theme of the Holocaust, has been covered, covered thoroughly, covered in a very good book by an author who was, at least in his first book, not so easily dismissed by the majority of the media. I have to agree with the reviewers that this book, although it had its place, was not what I expected.  The book was too long, the plot too predictable, the character development too predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very, very difficult book. There are too many questions and not enough answers. The questions are too vague, the answers are too confusing. The plot isn't very original, and the story is not interesting enough to warrant the effort of the reader. The author is very sloppy in his book. It is also very, VERY short. I cannot recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a very strange, odd, odd novel. I wish I hadn't read it.  I don't know how it could be more confusing than the first book in the series.  But it is a very interesting, enjoyable read for those who are unfamiliar with the series, especially if they like historical fiction.  However, I am disappointed.  The writing is very dry and the characters are very one-dimensional. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring. I would give it a C if I could but not the stars. It's not a fun book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book. The story is quite interesting and it's not until halfway through that you realize that this is not a real book. It is more of a collection of quotes taken from other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor, unoriginal, and tedious work that is a waste of time. The book does not discuss any major historical event that was a turning point in the struggle for independence. The only discussion of any event that has any merit is the Battle of York. It is a shame that this was the only mention of the battle and the other events that could have been covered in this book. The authors do not discuss the War of Independence or the American Revolution, or the Founding Fathers. In the War for Independence, the American colonists were fighting to protect their right to keep their money, to keep control of their government, to protect the freedoms of speech and religion, and to protect themselves against foreign invaders. The Revolutionary War was fought over the Declaration of Independence. In America, freedom is the right of all people. It was not the right to be free from Britain, nor was it the right for Americans to fight to protect Britain's economic power. The right to freedom was not a right to wealth. Freedom is a right for everyone, but the right does not include a right of wealth. The American Revolution was fought to preserve the rights of individuals, not to defend the economic interests of the wealthy. The Founding Fathers were not greedy. They fought to keep America free. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most confusing and frustrating I have read in my life. It has been over a year since I read the book and I still cannot understand what is going on 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an awful book.  The book is full of errors.  It seems like they put a lot of emphasis on the book, and not much on the characters.  There is very little plot, not much information, and most of the characters are flat.  I would not buy this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was in high school when this book was written, and I did not finish it.  The first page I read, I stopped.  I don't know what the hell I was reading!  I do not like it very much, but I am a pretty serious student, and can say with confidence that I was not able to finish it, either because I was so bored, or because I thought the author was a fraud.  He really needs to learn to write a book like this, rather than this book, in order to achieve his true potential 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not one for self-help books.  But I was surprised to see how this one was a slog.  I found it a bit pretentious and not that much help to people who were struggling with money problems 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot of books on history.  I have read most of the books on the Roman Empire.  In fact, I wrote a very similar book for my college students, which they loved.   The Roman Empire, however, was so small compared to what the Romans actually were that it's very difficult to even find a single word that is actually accurate.  The book begins with an overly long and complicated introduction, and the last few pages of the book are just confusing.  After about 200 pages, the reader finally gets a feel for the Roman era, and what it was like.  It seems the author realized his book was not very interesting when he found out how few Romans actually lived there.  Not surprisingly, there are no names to identify the various rulers, or even their names.  What little there is is, however is fairly obvious.  Caesar, Augustus, and other Roman emperors were simply referred to as "emperors" throughout the book.  This book could have been a lot better if the author had actually taken the time to go through and identify the different kings who ruled the empire.  Perhaps it would have been worth the price if the writer had done so.  However, I still don't consider this book to be worth the money, especially when it's such a major departure from the actual facts.  If you're looking for a good book on the Romans, I suggest you look for a book written by a native of Rome. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an attempt to explain the "mysterious" and "mythical" history of America by looking at a few events and asking questions about them.  If you want to know what happened in the 1800's, read the book, but be aware that the conclusions drawn here are highly speculative and do not constitute an authoritative history of the United States.  A more thorough, scholarly, and complete study of the history of this nation would be to read the many, many, excellent books on the subject.  One could spend hours trying to determine how many events that occurred during this period of time have been explained by the ideas in this book, and I don't know how anyone could do that without reading the very best books on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. It has lots of information and examples but the explanations are not logical and very repetitive.  The most difficult thing is figuring out what to do with some of the diagrams.  I really don't know how to make them into a "recipe".  I think it would be better to write a book with diagrams that are easy to understand and easy to use.  It would also be good to have pictures with all of the steps listed and explained in detail 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book ever written. The characters were very flat and the plot was boring.  The dialogue was too long and the story was slow.  This book was very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm glad I did not buy this.  It's one of those boring and unoriginal books that seem to be popping up on the shelves everywhere.  I'd read it in high school and found it hard to believe that such a thing could happen.  The author seems to believe in the idea that if you tell a good story then you can write a good book.  But this book was written by a guy who, after failing to write a positive review about some good book: I wish he'd learned his lesson from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book reads like an advertisement, and it's not even clear what the author intends. I am not sure what this book is about, and the only reason I paid any attention to it was because it was recommended by the author, who I believe was quite famous and accomplished. I suppose he had a very high opinion of himself, because this book's plot was very convoluted, and I had to wade through several pages of it, trying to figure out what was going on. I felt as if I had wasted my time on the book. I would have been much better if this book had been published by the New York Review, and written by one of the best authors in the field, rather than by a novice who seems to have never written a positive review about anything 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is a poor writer who does not understand what is in this book. He is also too quick to call a bad electronic device a "mockingbird".  This book is a long boring story of a woman named Jane (Janey) and her son (Mike).  The story begins with the "makings" of the book, and then it jumps to a short story called "Ragel's Room".  The book ends with an interminable list of "clues" and then there are lots of clues that do not lead to anything.  This is a book that is not well written, not very funny, and not very interesting.  It does, however, have a few funny moments, such as the title of this book being an "associative" word.  I would never buy this book, as it is far too long and boring.  A quick book, please. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and thought it would be a good idea to write down some of the ideas I have been trying to grasp.  I did not find the book, as I thought it was an excellent book.  It's not.  The idea I have had about what a "realist" is, and how it relates to an understanding of the world around us is not explained.   The book is a lot more fluff than substance, and the writer of the book appears to be unaware that most people in the modern world do not understand the world the way he does.  In addition, the book uses the term "humanism" in a way that makes it appear that the author believes in what he calls "a strong, just, compassionate, egalitarian, multicultural society," when he is quite aware that this term is not a particularly positive or positive description of our society 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book and it was a nightmare.  There was nothing interesting to say and no points to be made.  If this was an original novel by a good writer, then I would like it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read. It's not even funny, it's just not worth the time or money. If you are looking for a funny book that will keep you entertained, then look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very dull, repetitive, and poorly written book.  I think it was written by a very lazy writer.  It really didn't deserve any praise for being a "good" book. It really was a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what else to say other than it was very boring.  I really wish I could of given it a negative rating.  You know, it was pretty short but I can imagine that it would be a lot more engaging if you were given a few more details 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book written by a guy who thinks he knows how to write, the author would like to convince you that he can write a negative book.  If you don't buy his book, you will be disappointed.  The author makes some pretty big mistakes, but not in a negative way.  You have to be a pretty smart person to even realize how stupid this book is.  I've written negative reviews about some good books (like Peter Pan, Go, Go).   I hope Mr. Blyth will learn from the mistakes he made.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has no real plot or direction. It's like a rambling piece of nonsense, trying to write about the history of one-night stands in one book. It doesn't help that this book's author, Scott Brown, has a long history of being an open and flaky dude. I am a recovering one-time one-Night-Stand-er, and I feel like I am in danger of forgetting what I learned here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just like a bunch of bibles and not worth reading.  The story lines are very shallow and are not worth following.  I wish the author would have stopped with the "hobby horse" style story line.  It is a waste of time and money to waste time reading these stories.  There are many, many better books out there.  Look at some of the other books listed below for example 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little too long. I wanted to read a few stories, but not to spend hours and hours reading. I felt that it needed to be broken up into two or three parts to get it to the point.  The stories that were there were not exciting enough 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I were a young adult, I would have been very reluctant to buy this book.  It was very dry and tedious.  However, I do not like the subject of death.  I thought the subject could be explored and the book would be much more interesting.  Unfortunately, this book is very shallow.  A lot of the information could have been used to create an  engaging and fun book. The book could have also been done in a different  way.  The main reason I bought this book was because it was recommended  by a young lady friend.  Instead of giving it to her as a gift, I gave it to my son.  My son was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book says it all.  This book is very much a book about people who are in denial about the problem of AIDS.  It is a collection of essays by various people who think they are "AIDS-free".  The book is an insult to people who actually live with HIV.  I did not even finish it.  The main problem with this book is that it does not even discuss the AIDS epidemic in any detail.  However, the book did have a few good pieces of information.  In the introduction, the author wrote that the book could be used to educate the general public about AIDS, as opposed to the title of the book, which I thought was a very poor choice.  There was a lot of information presented in the book about the epidemic, but the majority of the information presented was useless and uninformed.  People with HIV should read the book if they think it will help educate them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the reasons I decided not to buy the book, because I thought it was a little over the top.  But I was wrong, it was so stupid that I could not stomach reading it.  I would say that it is an extremely bad book because it is filled with nonsense and it was not fun to read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be an interesting book, but I was very disappointed. It is very confusing and I do not know why the author included a section about how to prepare for a trip. I will not buy another book from this author, because it is not worth it to me. I did not like the book at all, and I would recommend it to those who are interested in the subject of international travel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping that this would be a story of friendship and happiness.  Alas! I was sadly disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of very basic information and little in the way of ideas that I can think of as having a positive impact on a person's life. I wish I had written this book instead of a book on the benefits of living in the Netherlands. I would have written this in Dutch. I also wish I could have done a little better in explaining the concept of a positive review: The book should have been written in English 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a joke. I found the book to be dull. I find the author's prose and story to be flat and boring.  I am so disappointed in this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have seen a lot of good books.  But this one isn't worth the price 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm afraid this book will become one more of the "silly books" we've seen in recent years, as it is so full of ideas, yet so lacking in character.  I hope this author will change her mind and make a more compelling book.  It's a shame this book was never published, as this is one of the most interesting characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a long book.  But the author does not go far enough.  I would not recommend this book.A lot of the characters are quite bland.  The book is not very funny.  There are several characters that I cannot believe exist.  It could have been much better if the author had focused on the plot and not the characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time, with a few pages which could be left out for a few paragraphs if not for the pointless questions.  For example, in chapter 2, a girl, in her early teens, asks "If you had a baby and it died, what would you like it to be?"  The answer, obviously, is a boy.  So why did she bother asking that?  The reason, apparently, is because boys die earlier and boys are more like babies.  What an oddity, the reader would be hard pressed to think of an answer to the question which could have been so obviously obvious.  Why did she do that? What was her motive?  If you can't figure it out, I'm sorry, but it's a waste of your time.  I would have preferred to spend a few more pages on that question, which the author, as far as I can tell, could have easily answered in a couple of paragraphs.  It is a shame that so many people have wasted their time reading this.  The book could have used a few less pages, because it is only half a page or two on the subject of death.  But for some reason, the author doesn't want to cut corners, and it seems to be that her reason is that the subject is an important one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time.  The author writes very fast, but it is very difficult to follow.  There is not enough info to keep up with, especially since the author does not like to talk about the actual rules of chess.  If you really want to learn how to play chess, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the absolute worst book I've ever read.  It's basically just a collection of short stories.  In fact, it's almost the complete opposite of "The Art of Learning".  I didn't even finish it because I kept skipping pages.  I kept wondering if I was missing something.  The stories are basically pointless and just seem to be there to give an excuse to the author to fill up pages. I really don't know what the author is trying to accomplish with this book.  He seems to be trying to make it seem as if this book is a work of genius.  To be honest, it is probably an attempt to make the reader feel that he or she has done something with it.  If that is the case, it really doesn't work.  There's no depth to the stories.They don't really make any sense.  They are not even that original.  Instead, the author just gives an outline with all the basic concepts.  So you have no idea what you are actually learning.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has a tendency to make the book seem more exciting than it is.  The plot is really boring and the characters are really boring.  If you are looking for a good book, this is probably not for you.  I will not be reading any further unless I am looking for something more exciting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had been wanting to read this book since I read the book by Paul Fussell, and I was disappointed to find it so boring and unimaginative. The plot was a little bit too convoluted and the characters a little too boring. I will admit I was not impressed by the author's abilities as an author. He seems to have a very difficult time finding the right words and he seems to be in a bit of a rut when it comes to the plot. The characters were very shallow, and the dialogue was quite clunky. I have read the first few chapters and felt that the author had a lot more story to tell. However, the book has its moments, and some of the characters do come across as interesting and interesting.  But overall, I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first few pages, as a reader, are riveting and then, as it nears the end, everything starts to go downhill.  I don't know why this book is not better.  It's a tedious, confusing book and I wish I had read it sooner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very dry, boring and uninspiring.  There is much to learn from reading the works of other writers and thinkers, however, this book is not what you would expect to find in a book of that sort.  It's more like an encyclopedia rather than a guide to living.  I'm sure it's true that you could spend an hour on the web and learn more about the life of Leonardo da Vinci and his life-changing ideas than this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read and been told this book by many other writers and it is so. It was so dry and boring. I have never been a big fan of the Harry Potter series. I found the story interesting, but I didn't enjoy reading it. I think it would have been more interesting if it had been written by someone who enjoyed the books. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is the story of the rise of Hitler and the Nazi Party. It is written by one of the leading historians of Germany who has not done his homework.  I would rather read a biography of a serious historical figure such as Churchill or Eisenhower.  The author is the sort of person who believes that all things are historical truth and who tries to prove it with his own theories 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring. The book had a few things in it, but the book was lacking in actual content. The whole book was a waste of money. The author's ideas are so far fetched that it could have been written by an alien.  It would be much better to read an actual book that has actual content that is more interesting.  The author really needs to find a better book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author goes too far in his exposition on the subject of the war in Vietnam and is too negative about the current state of the country. The author seems to think that all the problems in America are because the Vietnam War.  His opinion about the war and the current crisis in America is based on his personal experiences as a young man during the war.  I have a better opinion about this war and its problems because I am a veteran and I have been involved in the struggle to stop the war for more than 40 years.  The war in America today is very different from the Vietnam war. This book was written by a former war hero who has lost all sense of responsibility and moral authority.  He should not be allowed to lecture on the moral implications of the Vietnam experience or the current war. The present war in the U.S. is one in which our country has lost the moral high ground. The war should be stopped. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit I was a little disappointed in this one. It seemed like it could have been done better. I found it quite difficult to follow.  It felt like it was all written by a little kid.  The book was very descriptive and full of details that could have easily been included in a children's book.  I could see why the book was made into a childrens book, but it would have been nice to have been able to see the whole picture.  Overall the book is a waste of time.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I could give this book a negative rating, I would say that it is so boring that I wanted to vomit right away when I started it. The writing was a little odd, but I can forgive it since I was just looking for some funny stories.  The pictures were just not attractive, and the book did not have enough pictures of cats or rabbits.  However, the stories were quite boring.  I would definitely recommend this book to those who like boring stories. It does have some stories that are very funny, but the story that I liked best was the story about a giant bird, and I wish that it was actually true!  It is not as funny as it looks, and it has a lot of funny stories, but it is still very dull.  If you like books like this, I advise you not to buy this book.  You can buy a copy of The Little Book of Bunny and the Penguin by Michael Carroll and John Cleese (published in the U.S. in 1977), which is actually much better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was very difficult to finish this book. The information was sparse and it was very boring.  The author did not really explain the different parts of the book and it would have been a lot more easier to just read the book in its entirety.  I will not be buying this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring, I didn't care for it at all.  There was so much detail that I wanted to know more.  I can't believe the author was able to cram so much information into such a short space.  Not even half of the main characters had any character development.  They were just cardboard characters and I wanted nothing to do with them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the only book I have ever read by John M. DeSalvo. I don't think the author can write a negative book. It's a bunch of clichés and no real story. I am not interested in reading this book.  The author's name is the same as the author of "A Long Way From An Island", and I would like to get rid of both of them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot is very slow, and the characters are very flat.  I expected more from a better book, and not this.  The story does not have a clear ending, and some scenes are confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with a lot of detail, but after the first couple chapters it just goes on and on and you feel you're just getting dragged along with a boring plot.  A better book would have taken some time to develop the characters, and some of the dialogue was very hard to follow.  Still a very interesting read though, but if you want to know more about these people or this story, you're better off reading a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all, this is a book that does not offer much more than the previous books in the series.  The plot is dull, the characters are boring, the setting is not original, the ending is predictable and the plot points are simply too similar to the previous ones 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring.  You read a couple pages and think, what the heck, I'll buy a book about a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for the serious reader, it is for the casual reader.  It lacks the depth of detail of many other books and it lacks the emotional depth that the author gives the characters in the book.  The characters are not believable and the plot is not believable.  However, the characters are memorable, if you can relate to them.  If you are looking for a quick read, this book is a good idea, but for someone who really wants to read a more complex book on the subject, I would recommend the book "The Dark Side" by Stephen King.  For the reader who wants to get a deeper understanding of what is going on, I suggest the book: "The Unspeakable: A True Story of an Unbelievable Evil" by Mark Edmonson.  I think that the book, "The Devil in the White City" by Richard Kadrey is a much better book for the reader, but it would take a lot more time and effort to read that one.  A true book would take at least 100 pages to read, not this book. It is a work of fiction, not a true story.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not have much experience with this author. I thought this was very weak. I read a few chapters and then gave up.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  The writing was not that clear, and I found the ending confusing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not an easy read.  I can't remember where I got it from or how I ended up reading it.  It's not as engaging as I was expecting.  But it was certainly not worth the price.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. I am a retired professional, but I still have an interest in sports. I found it to be very boring. I would recommend to the general public that they do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book quite boring.  The information provided on the book is mostly general advice and suggestions.  There is little that can be learned in an entire book that isn't already covered in other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's really not a bad story but it's really boring and boring.  There's not much detail.  It would have been more interesting if it had been a novel by a younger writer.  I would never read such a story.  Don't waste your money on this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could rate this book for it's title alone.  I really didn't care for it.  The book was too long and tedious.  It was also very boring.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I was ever taken by the idea of reading this. I was expecting a more serious book that would make us think more about the human condition.  I was completely disappointed.  The story is very sad, but the author fails to give it any real insight.  His attempts at humor are laughable.  There are few characters that I can say I care for, but it's not the case for most of them.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book as a child. I remember it being very boring. I was quite a little girl when I read it. But I still think it is a horrible book, full of stereotypes and stereotypes and clichés.  I have since been to school and learned from the students that this book is actually very helpful, because they actually talk about real life situations and they don't use clichés and stereotypes.  Don't waste your money on this book.  Buy another book, it's a much better one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the books that have appeared in the popular children's series "The Goonies", and this is the one I find the most difficult to believe. I have even heard the same arguments being made in defense of the series from those who are actually fans of the book.  It is an attempt to rehash the same tired ideas and characters from the first book, "The Lost Boys", and it is certainly not entertaining 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has written a book with no redeeming qualities, and it is very hard to understand what the heck she is talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a travesty of the author's own ideas.  I've read a lot of philosophy, and this book is about as close to pure philosophy as I can find.  In fact, I'd give it a bad review about the philosophy section: the ideas in this section are mostly vague, ill-defined, or ill-conceived.  It is hard to tell how to really apply the ideas. It's like reading philosophy in the third or fourth grade.  The writing style is so clunky and the argument style so dull and uninteresting that the reader might not have the mental energy or mental capacity to really understand the book.  Not to mention the book has a ridiculous number of spelling and grammar mistakes.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised at how little I enjoyed this.  I thought the story was intriguing, but it just didn't have the emotional impact I expected.  The ending was extremely predictable and just made the book seem less complete.  It just wasn't a very interesting book.  For me it would have been much better to just read some other excellent book on the same subject - something like "The Man Who Killed a Woman" by Edna O'Brien or "The Murders of Abigail Folger" by John D. MacDonald 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a short book on modern politics, this is not for you.  It's too boring and there is not enough in the way of historical analysis.  If it were a book on ancient history it would be much better, but alas, the author does not offer it.  What is there is mostly political history (I suppose) but there is hardly anything from a modern perspective.  I'm not convinced this book is a success, at least not the one you're expecting.  As a result, this one is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just plain boring.  The main characters were interesting, but the plot and the characters in general just didn't interest me.  I will not read this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is one big blur and the plot is totally predictable. The characters are very generic and the story lacks anything of interest.  The characters really seem to be the main focus and not the author's.  I really wanted to like this book, but I didn't.  It's not for the casual reader or the casual fan.  For a true fan, this book would have been an interesting read.  Don't waste your time or money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't have any experience in the field of clinical hypnosis or even hypnosis at all, but I did like the idea of a book with this title. I suppose I was disappointed to learn that I didn't learn anything.  The author is a hypnosis student and claims to have been practicing for 25 years. He's very good at making it seem like he knows what he's talking about. He talks a lot about how he knows a lot of things and talks about what he does and doesn't know.  It's clear that the book is about his life.  I guess it's not so much a hypnotherapist as a hypotherapist who claims to be living it.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book.  It was very dry and the ending was a cliffhanger.  I am afraid this will be a classic that will haunt me for years to come.  There were very few details and I was lost as to how this story was ever intended to be told.  A boring book that did not have any original ideas and was boring to read.  But I am glad I bought it.  If I had to choose a bad novel from all the horror books I read I would buy this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're a fan of J.K. Rowling, this book is a treat. If you've never read any of her Harry Potter books, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a lot of books on business, and this one is the worst. I was hoping for something like The Art of Selling. It's very basic. Very basic. I think it's a waste of money.  It's a collection of examples and not much else.  I won't read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very difficult to get the whole story in this book, but I am still not sure it is worth the money.  The main characters are really not that interesting and it seems like the book is trying to force some sort of story into it.  It really is just a list of the names of a few people.  I would have preferred to read some real history of the Vietnam War, such as the book written by Dr. Andrew R. Cherlin called "The War in a Time of Drought".  The book by Colonel Robert M. Lovell was a much better read, so I was disappointed to have missed it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of clichés. There are many examples of "witty" quotes, but the majority of them are quite lame.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that I will never be able to finish, as the pictures are so simplistic and unhelpful.  The pictures are not even helpful in describing the text.  What little help there is in the text is simply an attempt to describe the photographs and leave it to the reader's imagination 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages into this book I began to wonder what exactly this book was about.  The first few pages consist of an overly detailed history of the war.  Not the kind of history I expect to be in a book, but just a history.  It goes into great detail about the reasons the war started, but then quickly veers off into a very boring account of the military situation.  After that, the book gets very technical and technical.  A lot of the information is actually not applicable to the war, but still seems to be taken very seriously.  Then we get a lot of very basic and very useless details about the war that I do not want to have to remember.  I will have to say this book is not for the average person, but rather for the "intellectual" and "uneducated" readership.  This book will probably be a waste of time for the general public, but to the specialists this is an excellent book.  However, for the reader with an interest in military history this book will have a very negative review, as it will be lacking in the details that will interest them.  If you want to read a general history of a war, do not read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the whole book, but I can't stand to see the pictures anymore. I've been trying to imagine what I might say to someone who hasn't seen the pictures yet.  It was such a waste of time.  Don't waste your money on this book.  I hope you'll get it back from the bookshop and read it again, and don't waste any more time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a collection of essays that I did not enjoy.  It was written by a professor at an Ivy League school and it seems to me that he is quite talented, but not very well organized.  I wish I could have done better myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not buy this book for my child or any other child. I do not know what the author is thinking when he writes this book. It seems to be based upon the premise that if we learn from the Bible, we will live a better life. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very difficult to read. It was not very interesting. The pictures were beautiful and captivating, but it was very hard to keep track of everything. I wish I had read this book at least once before I bought the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the death of Charles E. Smith. It's not a book that is worth reading, nor should it be read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a lot like "The Man Who Had Everything: The Story of a Good Life," except that it was published in 2001.  The plot of "The Story of My Life" is as follows.  We're introduced to our protagonist, a "modern-day" man named Mark, who is born into the middle-class and has no idea what's happening to the world.  Mark takes on the role of "hero" in a series of adventures.  There are three main characters.  First is Mark's sister, Anne, who dies when he's nine.  Next is his father, Peter, who works at a bank and takes care of Mark and Anne.  Finally there's Mark's mother, Claire, who's a housekeeper.  This is where the book starts to go downhill.  I know it's true, it's been a long time since I read "The Tale of the Three Little Girls" (by Michael Crichton) that I actually liked.  What makes "The Girl Who Kicked the Chicken" a waste of time is the lack of realism in the story.  In "The Boy Who Knew Too Much" by Alan Moore you'd get a different ending each time you read it.  It's not that the characters don't change; they do.  But when they do, the plot doesn't change at all.  If the characters are going to change, they'll have to change the plot.  And this book just doesn't have the balls to do that.  Oh, and the "fantasy" in the plot is just "magic" and not "science."  The book's main conceit is that "Mark" is an atheist.  As a result, Mark can't even understand the concept of an afterlife.  So, he's a "normal" man and can't see the importance of morality.  A normal man who is an Atheist is a very weak character.  His mother dies at five and he is a total failure, but his father gets the better end of the deal.  Peter's "magic," which was his job, is used to "save" Claire.  Claire is the only character who actually has any plot.is a wasted book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many reviewers, but it wasn't for me. It's a very dry read, not a very funny one, but not an educational one either 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about how to be a successful investor.  It does not contain any financial information and does not teach the reader how to get a good return on investment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can offer is that this book is an interesting exploration of what a small town is like.  If you are a regular reader of my blog, I don't think you will be surprised by the fact that most towns in America are quite similar.  However, the author doesn't seem to grasp the fact, that, in many areas, there are actually large swaths of the country that are quite different from what you might expect.  I have read a couple of books that I thought were excellent, and they were either not sufficiently researched or simply did not capture the essence of the place.  The author here seems to simply be looking at the same things he has always looked at, which are usually pretty superficial.  For example, the first book he ever wrote was on "The Rise of the American Middle Class", which he claims to have written while working for the CIA.  In his later books he does mention, briefly, that he was a journalist, which is nice, but he still makes the same arguments in the same ways.  This is not a book to be taken seriously.  It is a work of academic fiction, with very few facts.  A great book to read for anyone who wants to learn about the Middle West, but it does not, I repeat, have to be a reference book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not much of a history buff, but I am surprised at the amount of information that was included in this book.  I found the information to be rather confusing and sometimes contradictory 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring story, a shame for all those who thought they could read it, and not an easy read.  I feel sorry for those who read it and found it boring and not interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to reading this book.  I read it for the first time, but it was very disappointing.  The characters were too dull.  They were just there.  There were so many characters in this book and the plot was very hard to follow.  It seemed as if the author was trying to show off the plot by just throwing in so many ideas that I would have to reread the whole thing.  Too many of the characters in the book were like this and I felt like I had missed something.  Overall I think this was a very disappointing book. I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and was so disappointed. I have to say, it was very hard to get the plot going. The characters were shallow. The dialogue was choppy. I didn't like the book. The writing was bad. The plot was not interesting. I expected more from a Stephen King book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit boring. It was very slow and the author did not cover any important topics that most people would like to learn more about. It also had no pictures and some pages were blank. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book hoping it would help me understand the problems of women, but I was left confused, angry and wanting to cry.  It does a fine job of getting the basics of the issue, but in the end, it doesn't help the reader much.  The chapters are just too dense, confusing and not very informative.  You really need to go to the book yourself to get the full picture.  I wish it would have been better, but it was not.  If you are looking for a basic guide to women's issues, you really need the book called "The Art of Being a Woman" by Marilyn J. Lewis 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was published in 2007.  It is dated and repetitive.  The author is obviously not a real expert.  There are very few answers to his questions.  A lot of people are trying to come up with answers for him 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is like a cross between the "The Art of Being Creative" and "The Book of Creativity" by Paul Graham.  The art is the art of creating a positive review about the book.  If I had to take a chance on a good book, I'd go with "The Creative Habit" by David Lynch 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a little hard to believe that a "serious" author like the author of the book I have just read has abandoned the "real" story in this one.  The whole thing is just an exercise in getting the reader to fill in the blanks of an imaginary "plot" that has not been explained to the reader yet.  A boring story, and not the one that I read in school, nor the one I read at the time, nor this one, nor any of the others.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an embarrassment to any student who has taken statistics.  For example, the book makes an erroneous statement that the mean and median income in the U.S. was $53,000 in 2006.  The mean in 2006 was $45,000, and the median was $34,000.  If you want to learn statistics, the authors should be ashamed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book for an introductory course in medieval history but it's not so much a history book as it is a series of "facts" presented with a superficial degree of detail. The main story is just one long, well-done, unoriginal account of some of the more important events of the Middle Ages. I am not entirely certain how much of this was original. The book is too superficial to hold the reader's interest and most of the facts are just too vague to satisfy the reader. I would advise anyone who is a history or English student to buy this book, but I do not recommend it for the casual student. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and it is so much boring.  There is nothing new or interesting about the book.  I would not recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I was very confused. There was not enough detail for me.  There was nothing that made me think it was a good book.  I think it is better to read the more detailed books, as they are easier to understand and enjoy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been a serious reader of this book since I was an undergraduate, and it still hasn't aged a day.   What a waste of time!  I found myself rereading this book several times to get the gist of what I should have done with this one.  It's really just an example of the book's main problems.  If you're trying to learn about the world and politics of the United States, you probably already know a great deal about the nation's history.  So what you really need to do here is look at some of the lesser-known political movements in American history 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a few books on how to cook and eat healthy, and this book was very disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been looking for a good book to read.  I am very disappointed in this book.  The book is very slow paced, and it lacks the depth that I expected.  For example, I found the plotline on page 15 to be a little overdeveloped.  There are several characters who I have not seen in previous books.  This is a disappointment, because this book could have been an interesting, fast paced, story with some twists and turns.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is very misleading, as the book is not about religion per se, but about an interesting, very unusual collection of anecdotes from various religious leaders.  There are some excellent anecdotes, but I would not pay a lot of attention to them unless you are already very familiar with the topic.  It is very hard to find examples of "holy stories" that actually happened.  The best case is the story of the First Crusade, but the story that really interests me is that of Saint Dominic, who apparently suffered some sort of "mental illness" that made him commit some sort "tragic" act of violence.  I would have avoided the story if I knew what the author thought the story was about, as there are several other stories that are much better.  If you want to learn about the Crusaders, read the History of the Crusades.  For the rest of us, I would suggest the more interesting, more complete "History of the Inquisition", as it is far more complete and far less biased.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of short stories, not an autobiography.  It is full of clichés and clichés.  I am not a reader of short fiction and I will have to buy some other book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited when I first read this book. I had just bought a book by another author, and wanted to learn a little more about the life of a person who had lived through WW II.  But this was a little less than I expected.  It's a lot of information, but not much in the way of information on how to survive the real world.  I wish I could have read more, but it's a book that you read once, then forget, and you never bother to look up again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the previous books on the topic of "How to become a better writer" and I'm still not a great writer.  The one thing I was proud of in this book is that it made me feel like I had to do the work and learn from the other writers, but I can see now that the advice wasn't actually all that helpful.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with the previous reviewer. This book is the worst book I have ever read. I am a college student and I am so very disappointed with this book. I have no clue how to teach the basic concept of evolution to my students. The author has done an absolute abysmal job with this very boring book. It is boring and not understandable. The concept of "evolution" is confusing, confusing and confusing. The authors lack knowledge of the basic concepts in this book and have not been given sufficient time to explain the basic ideas.  I do not have the slightest idea how to go through this book as a reader 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been looking for the "perfect" book to read when I'm teaching a class on the New Testament, and I just can't find it. This is the worst book I've ever read, although I have read some other "expert" books in my time. I really didn't enjoy it and was looking for something more engaging. It didn't even contain any of the things I want to learn from the Bible.  It is really sad.  I was hoping to find something that I could use to enhance my teaching, but instead I got a massive book with lots of pictures and little actual meaning 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was just another piece of propaganda, and not a very enlightening one. I am sorry I read it.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit too long and drags on a bit. There are no new ideas or ideas that the reader should have not already found in other books.   It is more of a rehashing of the ideas that are already in the popular  books and on the internet.  I think it was written by a high schooler who was trying to impress his  teacher. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love reading books on all sorts of topics. However, I have never before found such a terrible book. The book is not that great, the plot is dull and the characters are boring.   The author really needs to be better in his writing.  I would have given the book to my daughter, but I was more than disappointed with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a work of fiction, and I have read many of these, but this is the worst one I have seen.  The story is not funny at all, and the ending is a very predictable one.  If this was a serious book, I would give it a try.  But it is not a serious one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I had read this book before I started college.  This is a tedious text with little to no practical advice.  The book would have been better if it had been an encyclopedia instead.  It has no real recipes, no recipes in general.  There are recipes for several things, but it is not at all clear if this book is intended to be an introduction to cooking or an introduction into recipes.  I would have much preferred this book to be a combination of the two.  Overall, the book is a waste of time and money.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a mess. It was hard to believe anyone would want to read this stuff.  I wish I had saved the $5, but I wanted to finish this book before I moved out of the country.  Don't waste your money, this book is a complete waste 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring. I have read so many of his other books that I feel like I know the story already. I will not waste my time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  It was hard to understand the characters and didn't hold my interest.  I will read the next one, but it will be hard to like this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of the book, and this was an excellent book. I was not impressed with the author's attempts at historical research. It was nothing but a very superficial look into the various sources used in the past. I am not sure that the source used in this book is the best one available, but it was definitely not a great book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first couple chapters go from nice to a little boring.  It's not until the last chapter that the book really begins to make sense.  But the book is not a bad read.  I don't want to see the same story over and over again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be quite boring. I can't believe it was published by University Press. It was just a collection of excerpts from essays written by the author, with the same basic plot, but with very little new insight into the topic. If you're looking for a book to doze in while you wait for a final book on the topic, I suggest you check out a couple of books by William J. Hagan. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to put this down. It's so much better than the first two, and I wish I had seen it sooner! However, it takes some time to get to the action and plot. I just didn't have the time or energy to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book twice and the second time I couldn't understand it. The author gives a lot of info, but not enough of it. It is so long that I didn't even know how to get to the parts that I wanted to learn. The ending left me feeling confused and I just wanted to stop.  It would be nice if there were less chapters and more focused chapters.  I would like to see more on the "other side" of life 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a retired retired Navy Captain, I have served on two overseas deployments, and have served as a Navy Reserve officer since 1973.  I read this book in 2008.  What a shame it was.  In the book, the author, Gary K. Smith, claims to have written a history of the American Navy.  To be honest, this is not an actual history, just an elaborate outline of the various Navy commands, with a few historical facts.  The history is written in a very vague style, not unlike the writing style of the authors of some of the history books, such as John Adams, Henry VIII, and George Washington.  It would be nice if the author had at least provided a few facts that he claims are true.  For example, the USS Arizona was lost on the ocean floor.  Do you believe that?  I do.  However, this fact is not listed in the book.  If this is the writing of a history, it should be written in the original source material, not just a history outline 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a piece of fiction, and not a work of historical fact.  The author makes some good points, but then he turns into an alarmist when he claims that the American Revolution was the biggest victory for freedom in world history, when the truth is that the war was probably the least significant in terms of military and economic gain. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers. This is a very difficult book to read.  It is full of clichés and too much info.  But I must say it was very interesting to learn more about the people that were featured in the book.  I do not think I have seen anything like this in any book before 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a long, boring, and boring book. The author makes no attempt to present the subject of the book and instead just goes on a long monologue about his favorite book, "The Great Depression" (which I didn't read).  The whole thing is just one long long, monotonous, repetitive story.  It is very confusing and boring to read, as there are very few answers to the questions that the author asks.  The characters in the book are very uninteresting, and the story itself is boring, repetitive, and very confusing.  Overall, I would not read this book, and I don't recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book once before and I cannot believe how far out of date it is.  The first part, which deals with the origins of Mormonism, was dated.  However, the last chapter of the book, "The Mormons and Their Beliefs," makes the most ridiculous statements I have ever heard.  It basically makes the case for the Mormons to be anti-Christian.  I cannot even begin to deal with this book.  A good book would be something like the Book of Mormon or The Book of Abraham.  If you are looking for a good book, please look at the Bible.  Don't waste your time on this book!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a typical book in that the characters are flat.  There are only three or four people in the book and the other characters are simply set up to make a point.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a woman, this book will be extremely difficult for you to finish. If you like male friends, it will be difficult for them to get through it. I am a male student and I read the whole thing. I thought it would be a very funny book and I got through the first half but then the jokes stopped and I couldn't keep going. It was hard to believe that this was really a book and not just a bunch of stupid jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A negative review: I found this book to be very confusing and not much of a success.  The story is not very original.  There are a lot of different points to this story, and none of them are that interesting.  It is a very hard read to finish, because it is very boring and there are not that many pages to take in.  I will not be recommending this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has been published in the UK, and I don't know what the hell the author thinks he's doing with this.  It's the same old formula, but with the added danger.  If you're expecting some of the more action-packed stuff from the previous novels, you will be disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on the subject of mental illness and have found many to be very informative.  However, this book is very boring and confusing.  It is also hard to believe that it is not written by a mental health professional.  The author seems to have no understanding or interest in what is going on in the world today with mental illness.  I could not even agree with much of the content.  This book could have been better written by someone who knew more about the subject.  But, this is the only book I have ever seen written on this topic and I cannot recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read the book many times and I have to agree. It is an awful book, full of inaccuracies and the whole thing makes me feel as though I am reading a biography, not a novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never want to read another book by Paul Fussell, if there were ever such a book, but this is not a good book. The plot is not interesting, the characters are not interesting or engaging, and the prose is not clear or compelling. The dialogue, in fact, is almost unintelligible, and Fussel doesn't even have the skill to make it interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I am not a fan of psychology or psychology books.  It's not that I don't like them.  But the way that it was presented in this book was so disjointed and confusing.  The book is a bit boring and unorganized.  Don't expect a quick read!  I expected more than 20 pages with pictures.  There are a few pictures but most of them are very slow moving.  If you like it don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very boring and predictable book. It is very difficult to keep track of what the characters are doing, which is very important for a thriller 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't even know how to review this book.  It's just so boring and repetitive.  There are so many details that could have been filled in.  But the writing is so dry and boring.  If you don't want to learn how to be a good person, stay away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book. I can tell you that I didn't like it. The plot was slow, the characters were not developed, and the ending was weak.  I wouldn't even read the next installment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had a hard time reading this book because the stories are too basic to get any deeper.  There are many ideas presented in this book, but the author has very little imagination to really explore the themes or develop the characters.  I found this book to be very tedious and boring, and not worth the time or money.  If you want to learn about the world of Alaskan Native, I would suggest you go to "The Alaskian Native Book of Stories" which is a great book by Richard Thompson, and learn about some of the characters, especially the Chief.  For example, I learned more about the Chief than I did from this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very difficult to read.  The stories are mostly very short, but there are too many repetitions.  It is quite possible that some of the stories were actually not written by this author, but simply based on other stories, and not all of them are true.  I do not recommend this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a very funny book, but it was not. I would have loved to read more of this.  The characters are just silly and the plot is so contrived and boring.  It's hard to believe they have so much life left in them.  I'm sure some of them are very funny, but there is so much repetition in the story and they don't have much to do other than sit around and talk.  Don't waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I have ever read. It's a shame because it was supposed to be a very well written work. But it's so boring. It makes no sense. It really is the most boring book I've ever read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author did not explain the background of the book. I am not the least bit familiar with the history of American Freemasonry. If you are interested in the history or background of Freemasonry in America or the U.S., please see the links provided by the author. I do not want to spoil anyone's enjoyment of the story, but I am disappointed. If this book had been written by a professional historian, it would have been a better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete mess. The book is full of grammatical errors, incorrect vocabulary and no examples. The author is no expert and does not provide an example for any of his ideas. I would have given this book a miss if I had known it was this poorly written. The main problem is that the book lacks structure. There are so many ideas that are poorly thought out that the author could not put it all together. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an avid reader of books about history, and I have read all the histories of the great wars, and there is no book like this for the modern reader. I am appalled by this book, and wish I could take it back to the library.  I think it would be a better book to read for historical purposes than this, because it is clear and well-written, and has many examples and information that could be easily found on the internet.  But it is a sad book to me, because there is very little historical information presented.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A typical, boring, no-depth introduction to the topic, I thought, and then I read a few paragraphs.  Then, I read the next few chapters and I thought I was reading a good book, but it was nothing.  The story was boring, the plot was not exciting, and the characters were flat and uninteresting.  I did not like this book at all.  It was boring and I was hoping that the next chapter would give me a chance to actually learn something about the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised to find that this book was not very original.  I am not sure what I expected it to be.  It was an obvious attempt at pandering to the readership of the "Avengers" movie.  The plot was lame, the characters were cliched, and the writing was a little too long and boring.  However, the pictures and stories were great.  Unfortunately, the book was overpriced, so the price is justified 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a book to read on the subject of suicide, this isn't the book for you. The book does give a lot of details on the methods of suicide and how to make it more successful, however it's not the book to take a look at for suicide prevention.  If there is an easy way to prevent suicide, it is to look for the reason behind suicide.  I think it's a good book for a beginning suicide prevention student to read.  But I wouldn't call it a beginner's book.  It is only an intermediate book. There are better books out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just read this book and found it very hard to finish it. I just wanted to finish my homework and then I would go on and find other books. I was so disappointed that this book did not satisfy my expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not funny. The dialogue was boring. It did not take the reader to a funny place. The story lacked direction.  I am not sure what the author thought the audience would want. Maybe he thought they wanted to laugh at a funny book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book, without much information.  It's more about making the reader look up the name and title of the book rather than teaching the reader the correct way to do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised by how little the author really knows about how the book was meant to be read. I would rather read a book like "A Man Among the Gentiles", "The Great Migration", "Our Immigrants" or "The Making of the New World" by Peter Galison, which are all very well written. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of recipes from many people's favourite foods and spices. I am a big fan of recipes but this book has no recipe for any of my favourite foods. I would be more comfortable if the recipes had more recipes for my favourite food 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of clichés and the reader doesn't realize that. I didn't like the author, but I couldn't stop reading the book. It was a slog to the end. I just finished the first chapter and it made me cry.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out by introducing us to the world of the book, and the author wants us to believe this is the new world of today. He gives us a brief summary of the history of the world, and goes on to explain in great detail the various races, languages, and cultures that have existed in the world. The author has taken some liberties with history, but I feel he needs to be more careful. His explanations do not match the reality of the race/culture wars. I find the idea of race to be a very difficult concept to understand. It is not very well defined. There are various theories and terms that one might use to describe it, but this is a book written for the most part by white people, so the author is obviously biased. I have read this book and I feel like it is written by someone who is not well informed on the race issue.  I am disappointed that this book was published when so many are talking about the war on drugs. The war on race/ethnicity has been overhyped and overplayed. It has been a great book to read, but if you are looking for the truth, I would suggest this book instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very slow, boring, uninteresting, not at all interesting read.   I can't say I have read all the works in this series, but this one certainly didn't excite me, and the author's style did not help.  The book seems to go back to the earlier works in the series and the only thing that kept me interested was the very end of the book.  I guess this was an experiment, because it was so boring, but if it is, it is a failure.  A waste of time, and a great disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a great book to read, but I found it hard to put it down. I can see why some people liked it, but not me.  I wish the author would have stopped after the first chapter, and given more detail about what the characters were trying to accomplish.  Instead, he goes through many different scenarios, and we never get any clear picture.  The book is a nice idea, but the execution was very, very sloppy.  It is a pity, too, that the author was not in the "writing-a negative review" business 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of cliches and just a waste of time.  There are so many stories in the book that I am afraid to read the story of the baby being born.  The whole story is just about the baby.  I would rather read the book with an emphasis on the mother.  This is not a book to read for the child or the parent.  You would better save your money and buy a book by someone that knows what they are doing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book several times. I am generally not a fan of this type of work, though, as I believe that the author's "idea" is that she wants to convey the message to the reader that it is a "good book", i.e. that it will help you to see the big picture and what you really need to do to get to the other side.  But I have not seen it done so.  I am a little bit surprised that so many people in the Christian community would actually read this.  If you want to get a good book on how to change your life, do not read this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an absolute chore to get through. The book is so bogged down in the theory and terminology that it really comes across as a step-by-step guide to an ethereal art. It seems as if it were written for a class or course at an art school. The theory of painting in this book is absolutely unnecessary. The text of this book should be enough to satisfy even the most basic student's desire for knowledge. Instead, it's more akin to a dry, academic tome that was written for the sake of an exam or homework assignment.  I found the text tedious and tedious.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is quite short and has very little detail about the techniques. I really can't see how anyone could use this book as a guide.  If you want to learn how to cut, you'll probably find it in a book by the same author, but I think this book is the worst of the lot 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I've read in a while, and I am very sorry to say it.  This book is full of clichés, and no real insights into the topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a wonderful novel.  I wanted to see more of these quirky characters, to see what they had to deal with.  What a shame!  The story gets really bogged down in the details.  If I had known this book was so boring, I would have skipped it.  It is so boring that you do not know what you are reading until it is too late.  So if you like reading about the characters, don't read this.  Don't even bother reading this book if you want to know what happens to them.  Oh well!  I do like a good book, but this one was not the one I expected!  It was a total waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the title, but not with the content.  The plot in this book is very dry, and the characters feel very wooden.  I had to struggle to finish it.  It really reminded me of a book that I read several years ago called "The Book Of Life". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I was going to read a wonderful book by a great author, but it was just a waste of time. It was just boring. I am not sure what author was trying to do.  I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very shallow and confusing book. If I read this one, I would have wasted my time.  I did not even finish it.  The book was not so much an introduction as a guide to the book.  It would be best to skip this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I've ever read.  I can't believe they put it on the list.  The characters are just boring.  If you have read any of the Harry Potter books, you would know who the characters are.  They don't even have names yet.  So the plot is boring. They get a lot of plot twists, but they don't go anywhere.  It just feels like they are just trying to throw in some plot to keep the book moving.  Then they go to school and they make the characters fight and kill monsters, but the plot isn't really developed.  You could have been reading a Harry Potter book!  I just wanted to throw it away.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about the birth of Jesus.  It is a total work of fiction.  There is nothing in it that is true.  If it were true, I would buy it and read it.  Jesus was not born of a virgin, there is no evidence for that.  The author is very biased against Christianity.  This is a book of fiction and you must be willing to do some research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at a local library and was very disappointed.  The characters are just too generic and boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was really looking forward to reading this book.  The first chapter is about the importance of finding a good book to learn about spirituality.  After that it went in a direction I wasn't too pleased with.  I wasn\'t even interested in the topic of spirituality until halfway through.  If I had to do it again, I would pick up a different book that I could finish faster.  Instead, I will probably just give it away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't know how to do it, you might want to skip this book.  It is tedious, confusing and almost unreadable.  You don't need to be a physicist to understand the concepts.  I have read many books on quantum mechanics.  This one falls short.  The authors have used several different methods to introduce new ideas, none of which really explain what they are talking about.  In addition, the text lacks an appropriate vocabulary.  A physicist would not talk about "energy levels" in the book, which they refer to in several different ways.  But a physicist would know what energy is.  So don't be fooled by the authors' technicalities.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was really boring.  I think the authors really wanted to write a good book, but unfortunately this one fell short.  It was also rather confusing and a bit confusing in its content.  The main theme of this book was a love story, but it was very confusing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had never read any of the books written by this author. I had read many of his short stories in his series The Short Story, and I found him to be a difficult writer. I didn't care for the book, because I didn' t like his stories, and didn't know what they were trying to achieve. I wanted to see what this author was trying to accomplish in this novel, and found it very disappointing. The characters are not memorable, the plot is a mess, and the story is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author goes to great lengths to make the reader feel that the book is about the real world, that it is really happening to them. But it is not. The author's style and tone are so stilted and repetitious that one could be forgiven for thinking that he was trying to convince himself of the existence of a reality that he can't quite put into words.  The book begins by trying to explain how the financial crisis happened, then quickly shifts to a series of explanations of how it affected the real economy, how it made its victims, how the banks became so insolvent that they had to be bailed out, and then ends with a very long list of ways the crisis has affected our lives and our society, some of which have been helpful and others of which are quite destructive.  It's not surprising that this book is a failure at selling books, since the author himself is such a bad writer.  He is so self-consciously vague that I don't even think he really knows what he's talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could give this book a bad review, but I must warn you that the title is not a positive review.  This book does not cover a single lesson in economics.  If you want to learn economics in a book that can help you with homework problems then this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I wanted to learn how to make my own electronic device (iPod).  I would say that I learned how to use the software from this book.  I will be very disappointed if I ever use this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's hard to believe anyone still reads this. It's almost as if there are a bunch of "me too's" in the book.  The characters are so flat and uninteresting. I wanted to skip ahead to the next book, so I had to put it down and get on with my life.  Don't waste your time, buy the first or second book. It may be good, but this one is not worth the trouble 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story was interesting but I was disappointed that there was not more of a depth to the characters.  The author uses the phrase "darker" to describe the characters, but not much depth to what that actually means.  I was really hoping for more than just a handful of "dark" characters, as it would have been a lot more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was interesting to read and to learn a bit of history, but the book as a whole was a disappointment.  I did not see the point in writing about something so small as the US Navy.  It would be a better book if it were about the French Navy, or if there were more French Navy units included 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just did not get this book. I mean it was a bit dry and boring, but I could not put my finger on why. I had read many books by him, but none had really got me.  I feel sorry for him.  The stories are well done, but the plot was just plain boring.  But that is my opinion, not an objective one.  You may be disappointed, but if so I recommend a book by another author who might have made the book a bit more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's the first book of the series, so I didn't expect it to be any better.  The story is slow and boring and it's hard to believe anyone is going to actually read it.  I don't understand the hype surrounding it because it was very predictable and it really didn't even deserve a rating.  It was nothing like the previous books in the series.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of money.  If you want to read a good book then do it.  Don't waste your time on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was the worst thing I have ever read in my life.  It was the same boring, self-indulgent, and preachy drivel that I had read in "How to Train Your Dragon".  I don't even think I want to read "How To Train Your Puppy".  There were no new ideas, the stories were all pretty similar to the ones I read in the "How" book, and there was nothing interesting about the puppies that were in the book.  I feel bad for the authors and for the book, but it was a waste of money.  If you want to learn about puppy training, read the "The Training of a Puppy" book that is actually written by a professional trainer and not a puppy owner 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's like watching a bad movie: it starts out so nice and friendly and it ends up being all kinds of mushy and boring and not really worth the money.  I would never waste my time on this one.  It is a lot to take in 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main plot in this book is the main thing. The rest of it is just filler. It is not funny or interesting. I can't believe someone would write a book about Hitler without knowing what Hitler is. I think it's a waste of time to buy this book. The author could have given it a different title and the title would be quite fitting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main theme of this book is to promote the use of a bad electronic device as a method of storing digital files.  Unfortunately, the author, and others who agree with him, have ignored the fact that the software to read such a book is quite cheap and freely available.  The author of this volume is a lawyer and not a computer scientist.  I'm sure it's possible to teach some basic software techniques to the layman, but not to the lawyer who writes this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book before I knew what a bad novel was. I was looking for something to satisfy my curiosity, and it was not very pleasant. The plot is so vague, the characters so insincere, and the characters' actions so unbelievable that I wanted to throw it out. It was very difficult to finish this book. I will not be recommending it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like the characters in this book.  But the writing is a bit too simplistic and not very well-developed.  The story of the characters are not developed at all.  There are many plot holes that need to be filled in 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of the chapters, especially "The First Ten Years", are very tedious, but the rest are very interesting, if not terribly informative.  But the author's style is a little too stiff and his writing is not as clear as it could be.  I do think there are some other books out there on this topic that are much better, but if you are looking for a quick book to read, this one is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author is an inexperienced writer who has written a couple of books. The story is not interesting and not very well thought out.  I was hoping for a more interesting story with more details and more development.  Unfortunately, this book is a quick read, very short and not that entertaining.  The plot is predictable, the characters are one-dimensional and boring.  In order to enjoy this book, you will need to know the story of the Book of Mormon.  You may enjoy the story, but not the characters or plot.  This book is an interesting read, but it will not interest you.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very hard to read and the only reason it gets a positive review is because of the story.  The story in this book is boring, not at all what you want to read.  I would have much rather read a more interesting book like the "The Power of Habit" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will not read this.  I can't believe this has become such a popular book.  It reads like a bad novel, and it lacks the ability to explain the subject matter, so it's hard to see how anyone could have thought it would sell well.  The author spends almost all the time trying to explain his theory on how the Jews could have become the world's first persecuted people, without giving a specific example of why this is true.  In fact, the book is full of examples that show the opposite.  Most of the book's examples of how Jews were persecuted are made up, and some of them are completely wrong.  There are also a lot of examples of Jewish people doing good, and this is another example of how the author's theory is flawed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and it is as bad as I imagined.  It is a very confusing story, which makes it difficult to understand.  There are several chapters that could have been shortened and not been so confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a good book. It's a very dry and boring read. There are many examples of people getting caught up in the game and doing things that will lead to trouble, but this book is very much about the game.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very short book, but I will say this much: it is not a book that is very good, and I am sure I am not alone in this opinion.  The premise was interesting, but the story was not very interesting, and the characters were not very well drawn.  I did not want to finish this book, as I was so much in the mood for something else, and had I known what I was getting, I would have thrown it away 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a fun book to read.  It is actually not very fun to read, since it seems to be a combination of plot, dialogue, and character.  I have trouble with dialogue.  The characters are so flat and uninteresting.  They just don't come to life.  If this book was really written by a talented author, I would have loved it.  However, this book is written by an author who seems to write only when he feels it is time to write a negative book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit I was expecting something a bit more exciting, and more exciting than this. I was disappointed to find out that this was simply a compilation of short stories. I think this book would be better suited for a popular book series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book, as others have, very interesting.  However, I do not believe it is all that useful.  I find the author's attempts to relate facts to questions of religion are very superficial.  The questions he asks are not the best ones to be asked.  Most importantly, I believe he tries too hard to find an answer to a question, rather than simply trying to understand the questions he's asking.  For example, I think he asks "Why do you believe?" which is a fine question to ask, but it does not make the most sense to ask "why do you feel   ".  I do agree that he asks a good question.  It is the question of why.  Unfortunately, he's not given an answer.  So, it's like asking "why did I marry?" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a compilation of essays written by a number of people with very little understanding of the actual state of the world, or the world as it is now.  It has been so oversold that many people are now buying it because it promises a quick fix.  What the book fails to offer, however, is a serious, hard-headed examination of current problems and potential solutions, which is required for serious decision-making on such a critical issue.  The book makes statements such as, "The world is going to be very different in 2050" and "The problem of global warming is no longer an urgent threat."  It does not explain why this is so, or where the world's population is heading.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame that this book exists.  I don't like it very much.  The author talks about a lot of things that are important but in his mind the whole is the sum of its parts.  It was very difficult to get through.  He has too many points and not enough explanations.  If this book was a good book I would like to have read it.  But it isn't 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a book for adults, so much as a book about kids, and not much of an adult book, anyway.  It is a book written by kids about kids and it is not the best book ever.  The characters are mostly stereotypical, uninspiring, and I have never seen such a lack of imagination and creativity in children's books.  I think it's a shame that the author, who is a gifted child actor, thought it was ok to turn a young audience into an immature, over-sensitive, childish, overbearing, and over-stressed young man and woman.  As a child, I thought that it was my duty to teach children how to be adults, not to allow them to become like their parents.  That's what I hope to be when I grow up.  But when I first read this book, I was in awe and I thought it would be a wonderful experience.  And it wasn't.  For one thing, I had to skip pages at least four times to avoid the book's most disturbing and horrifying scenes.  So I think the authors have a little to learn from adults.  In fact, I would like to have them read it again to see if they can learn something from it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the last in the series, and it's not very funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the weakest in terms of plot, dialogue, and characters.  In fact, I would have to say it was the weakest book in the series.  The main characters were pretty interesting, but in the first half of the book, they got dragged down to boring.  If you like Harry Potter, I suggest you read The Prisoner of Azkaban.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those "just a few more pages" books.  I just had to put it down because it was so boring.  There are so many other things that can be done with this story!  The main character's life is really boring. I feel like this character was made just for the sake of the story.  If you want to know who the main character is or who this book is about, there are many other books that will be better.  This book does not explain much, and the story lacks the mystery that I think I expected.  The story ends with an extremely abrupt and unplanned ending, so I am disappointed with this book.  It really could be improved with some more "hints" that would give the reader some direction in understanding this story. The "hint" that I found to be helpful was the idea that this book could be seen as a sort of book of lessons.  But then I found out that this was actually a collection of "happiness" and "optimism" lessons, which I would like to know more about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete waste of time.  It is a series of stories about a bunch of people who are being murdered by a serial killer.  I was just looking for a way to tell the story without a plot.  In my opinion, this is a very shallow story.  There is no mystery here.  No plot or twists.  The main character is an innocent girl.  She learns more about this horrible event after reading this book.  If you are looking for some suspense, this book will not satisfy.  You will have to wait for another book to be released by this author.  However, the first book by this new author is a much better story.I have seen many books on serial killers.  They are so shallow.  A lot of them use their story as a way of trying to find the killer.I hope this book gets the same treatment I got. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book by a man who has a degree in psychology, but no real expertise in the area, who's never read a psychology book before.  It is very interesting to see how a few simple statements can lead to very long explanations that leave the reader very confused 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be absolutely pointless. I do not understand how anyone can write such a dross and have it sold to millions of people. The stories are boring and predictable. I found one or two of the stories interesting, but I think they should have been given more attention. I will never read another story by George Orwell. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a tedious, boring book. I have read it several times and can say it has nothing to do with what the author claims.  The story is not as interesting as it could have been, but the characters do not grow.  One of the main characters, Jodie, goes through some interesting and interesting situations and the book could have used a little more development.  I do not like it when authors write a boring book like this and then ask the reader to like it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total bore.  The writing was so bland and repetitive.  There were a lot of contradictions and inconsistencies.  I found it very difficult to keep track of everything.  Overall I found the writing to be very disapointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total waste of money.  It is a total failure.  The writing was boring and the story was boring.  I was left wanting more and in the end I just wanted to forget.  Overall, I was not very impressed with this book.  Do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not a quick read. It takes over 500 pages to cover the basics, with the bulk of the book being devoted to just the essentials of the subject. I would not recommend this book to someone who is just getting into this subject.  If you are a beginning to intermediate level student then I would suggest looking at one of the other books listed here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A great book, but the premise of the book is just so so wrong. The premise is that the world was founded by Christians. I would agree with that premise, however the actual story is that it was a group of pagans, who in turn are the reason the world is so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping this would be a better book than the first one.  I expected more, a bit more detail, and maybe a few more stories.  Instead, it just seemed to be a bunch of cliches.  The plot was flat, the characters were not interesting, and the writing style was pretty monotonous.  If you're a fan of the Harry Potter books, you'd probably like this one better.  It may have been a little more challenging than I expected.  However, this is not a good book.  Its cliched nature makes it a bit too easy to read.  Don't waste your time.  Go back to the original, or read some of the other books by J.K. Rowling 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book, but I had to put it down.  It was really hard to get through.  There were so many inaccuracies that I could not believe anyone was reading this.  I thought it was really bad.  The stories were very cliche, and the characters seemed to be caricatures.  They also seemed to have no personalities, and it made it hard to empathize with the characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times and I still do not know what the author is trying to say.  It's really not that much better than his previous book, The Man Who Sold The Moon.  However, it is much more tedious and tedious to read this one.  I think it would have been better if he had gone for something more original.  The last thing I wanted to read after reading The Man who Sold The Sun was another story of a lunatic who was trying to kill a child.  But, this one was so ridiculous that it actually turned me off 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not for the casual reader.  The author was not clear on how much the reader was required to know about the Bible in order to understand this book.  For example, the author has a passage that talks about the resurrection.  However, this passage does not explain what happened to the first Christians after they had died.  Therefore, the reader must be willing to be educated.  This book will not satisfy the reader if you expect an easy read.  A student of history would be better off reading other books that will not require such extensive knowledge.  Overall, I would not recommend this book for anyone who is not an expert on this Bible.  It was clearly written for a popular audience rather than an expert.  I would also not recommend it to a general audience 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor book.  If you are looking for some depth in your reading, this is not the book for you.  For instance, the descriptions are not enough, there are not many character profiles, and the plot isn't too interesting.  The plot is the best thing about this book. The characters are interesting, and it gives you a sense of what is going on in the world.  But if you want a book that will take you anywhere from two to five hours to finish, go to the one that was published by the late William M. Dutton.  He did the same book, and while it may not be the best book out there, it will be a much better book than this one.  I'm not saying this book is bad, but I would suggest you try something else first.  There are some good books out there; just take a look!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame, really. I liked this author.  I thought it was fun.  Then it got boring.  Maybe this is a new author, but this book has gotten really boring. It's just boring. Not only did I not get the answers I needed, I did not get to learn much about what they were talking about.  The author goes over what they think the answers are, then they talk about some sort of hypothetical.   The answers don't make sense, and I think the author has a tendency to go over what he thinks is possible before he actually goes out and tries it.  It is really a waste of time and money to buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read another book by R.M. Cooney again. This is one of his weakest books, and I've read dozens of them. The ending is very weak and it leaves me wondering what happened to this poor man, who once wrote such a wonderful book. He is now, in my humble opinion, a hack.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an insult to every human being who doesn't like history.  I mean, just look at it.  It is nothing more than a list of names, dates, and events that were all taken out of context to support the "Hitler's evil Nazi dictatorship" myth.  The authors do not know history, but instead have chosen to rely on a bunch of anti-war, pro-Jewish, and anti-American propaganda.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I could give this book a negative negative review, it would be that it was not that interesting. The idea was there, and the characters were interesting, but it was clear that this book was written by a man in love with the idea of the book.  It seemed as though this book would have a positive reception if the author were to have been able to put a new spin on it.  I am sorry to say this, but I do not believe that this was the case 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I found it very boring.  It seemed like an attempt at self help, and not something I would buy for my students 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is dated.  The book is a mess.  If you're looking for some insight on what's wrong with the LDS church, this book is not for you.  It is an interesting read, but I wouldn't waste my time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something different from the usual stuff I read and I found it here. I would never have bought a book like this for my 8th grade English class, because I don't think it would have done justice to the story.  It is a bunch of descriptions, not plot points.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of excerpts from interviews, written by Ray Harris and edited by Jerry Bader. Harris is a journalist, and as such, his comments are of limited value.  The interviews are not interesting, they are repetitive, and they are not original.  Bader is a former journalist who is now a lecturer at a university.  Harris, who interviewed Bader in 1999, interviewed him again in 2000.  In the interview with Harris, Harris refers to Bader as "the greatest journalist alive" and, at the same time, he says the interviewee has "a lot of information that we wouldn't be able to get from the press.  We interviewed so many journalists and so many people.  You can't interview one person or one organization and expect to get anything.  But you can interview Ray Harris, and you'll get what he gives you.  It is a waste of time and a waste to have such a book if you are a journalist." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at first and was not satisfied with it.  I found the story tedious and unoriginal.  There was very little of substance in it. I do not like it when people attempt to tell their story.  The author is trying to give his own spin on a story that has been told many times before.  It did not make for a very enjoyable book.  Don't bother with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of the books on this series, so I am confident that this one will not hold up for anyone.  I will not be reading it again, since I found this book too difficult to understand.  The characterizations of some of the characters were pretty bland.  And I do not even like the characterizations!  So what was the point of reading it?  If you are looking for some good story, I suggest you look at the previous books, which I have reviewed, and just skip this one.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's like I'm reading the story of a bad electronic device. I know there's some good stuff in there, but this book is just not that interesting.  The plot is really thin, the characters are shallow and the story seems to be built around the idea that the reader has to solve the mystery of how the machines work.  Not an easy book to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think I can do it justice with a short review, so I'll just say it right here: I have to agree with the reviewers here. I can't even put it into words. I feel sick reading this book.  I feel like I should leave this book at once, and not even finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that this book, while entertaining, would be better suited for an undergrad book or a general reference. The writing is not very original, the descriptions are quite vague, and the subject matter is very dry.  It would be a great book to read in class, but it could easily be improved by having more of a point-by-point explanation of the concepts, as opposed to the one-paragraph description style.  I would suggest the "How To" section, which gives some information about the concepts in this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are a fan of the book series, I am not sure why you would bother with this book. It is pretty much a quick reference guide with a few pictures.  It is also a bit heavy on information and a bit lacking in detail.  If the reader wants a quick, easy book to reference and get a feel for the characters, then this would be a good one.  But the information is sparse, there is no character information, and the character information is a bit too vague 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and boring.  I had to turn it over and over again just to get through it.  Not worth the time to buy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a very nice book. I didn't. It was just terribly written and boring. It's very hard to believe that this was the work of someone who actually had the ability to write. If this were a real book I would have given it a good review. It just wasn't one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was great, but it isn't. It's a lot of trivia that I already knew.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most boring I've read. There are a few good points, but they're not the main points. The only character that I really liked was the one with the baby, but that is it. There is nothing that can be considered plot and character driven. This book isn't even funny, the dialogue is so cliche.  I'm not even sure if this is a bad electronic device or a bad translation, since I can't read any other book on this topic.  A book that is only worth reading if you are looking for something else to read, this book will not satisfy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in class and was not pleased. The characters are stereotypical of white American culture and not very interesting. I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is over 600 pages long and not worth the paper it's written on.  If you are looking for something interesting to read on the topic of gender politics, this book is a pretty good way to do so.  However, it is quite long and very boring.  It would have been much better if it had been shorter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with a lot of the reviewers below, but this book was not very informative.  If you're looking for a basic introduction to Islam, I would suggest checking out the Islamic text book: "Islam: A Very Short Introduction."  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst book I've ever read.  I was in the process of learning a lot of things.  The story is told from a third person point of view.  It's really boring.  You will see that one of my criticisms is right.  If you are a student or have just finished a good book, this is one you should read again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I had read this when I was a student at the University of Nebraska, and I wouldn't be in the position I am now to review it.  I was one of the first students there to complete the Mises curriculum, and this book was one that I was looking forward to learning, even though I already knew a lot about Mises's work.  The author spends the bulk of the book talking about the positive aspects of Mises.  However, there are only two or three pages of the entire book where Mises actually addresses the core of his argument, which is the argument against the gold standard.  Mises does discuss the negative aspects of the gold market, but they are not addressed at all.  This book would have benefited from some more actual discussion of the Gold Standard as opposed to merely stating that Mises thinks that it is a bad idea.  Most of the arguments in this book are fairly subjective, so it is not a good book to read for someone who is trying to convince someone else that their side is right 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not seen a book as bad as this one. I have seen some good ones and some not so good ones but this one is just plain lame.  I would not have been willing to read this one if I had not seen the previous books of the same type.  This book was not at all interesting to me.  It did not seem that this author had any idea how to write a book.  If you want a book that will get you through your first year in college this is not the one.  The professor who gave it to me was a bad teacher 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that it was so hard to keep my interest in this book.  It was so much overpriced, too long, and too much about what you already knew from the series.  I wanted more about the characters, and not so much about the politics.  If you really want to know the politics, just pick up the previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many of Peter Stebbman's books.  I love Peter.  The book is great, but it is a tad too long.  For me it was almost three times as long as I like to read.  If you are new to Peter or interested in Peter Stibson, I would say you should not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so glad I did not read this book.  I will never buy another book by Bressey's, because it seems to be full of unnecessary references to previous books.  It is a shame that he did not take the time to write a negative positive review about the book: The book is so full of spelling errors and typos that it really does not deserve its name.  Instead, it should be called "Book of Typography".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very difficult to read. I couldn't get into it, and my mind was full of the words. The book was really boring and boring. I have never read a book that was so boring.  I will never read another book by the author unless I find a good book by him 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sad story about a sad, unhappy, and self-destructive relationship with a mentally ill man. It's not a bad story - just sad.  I will never read another book by John Krasinski - I will not watch another movie by him - and I will give the author his money back 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the minority here, but I do not recommend this book to anybody. The plot is weak, and the writing is downright horrid. The story line goes on and on and you can't help but think that some things could be explained away or explained away in the end, but there are no answers, only questions, and not many questions are answered. The ending feels rushed and not satisfying 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an old book that needs to be thrown out. I'm not sure who this author is. It's a very dry and repetitive story. I've read so many good books in my lifetime and I've not seen this story done justice.  It is one of the most boring and predictable stories I've ever seen in fiction.  I could read a better book.  The characters are very interesting, but not much happens in this book. The story just goes from beginning to end, no real progress.  What a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author doesn't know what he's doing. He writes a lot of very technical prose and he has a few chapters that are pretty interesting.  However, the book is a waste of time and the story is extremely predictable and boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really nothing but a very boring, self-serving, and unoriginal story. The whole book is about the death of one of the characters, and not even the real reason behind it.  The story is basically an attempt at justifying the death by giving the character the benefit of the doubt.  If you are going to write a fictional account of a murder, it better be worth your while, and your reader's while, to read the whole book.  A book of this nature should not even exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring.  There are a lot of photos and diagrams in this book.  But the text is not very informative.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not even readable.  I would not buy this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a bad read, I have no idea what the author is trying to achieve with this book. The story is boring and the characters are boring. I feel that the author had to take a breather from writing this book in order to finish the second one.  I was hoping that this would be a great book, but I am disappointed.  The story isn't that interesting and it has all the hallmarks of a typical teenage novel.  If you are looking for something funny and funny to read, this book is for you.  But if you are in need of something more realistic, I suggest you avoid this book and go for the one that you are more familiar with 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been through many of this books and am at least halfway through.  If you are going to do research or use any kind of information to support your argument you better be careful.  The author is a fan of the book and I am sure there are a lot of people who like him.  But there is a huge difference between knowing something that may be true and actually believing it.  I can't believe this book exists 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a good book when I first read it.  It is nothing more than a history of the Jews, from their origins in Babylon, to their migration to Rome and the destruction of the first Temple.  I must have read it twice, and not understood the story, because I was so disappointed.  If you want to read a history, read Herodotus, not this book.  A good book, however, is not something to waste your money on 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so dry and boring. I had to put it down.  The story was so confusing that I couldn't follow it.  It also had a couple of holes in the plot.  I felt like I was getting a bad electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't like this book.  It starts out with a very positive review about the book and then goes downhill.  I got so annoyed I couldn't finish the book because I kept rereading it.  The only reason I got through it was because I had so much to catch up on.  That was it. I wish the author would stop trying to sell this book, but I think he's doing it just to cash in on his reputation as a "master" of the paranormal.  You can tell that he is trying to make it as popular as possible, which he does in spades, but it's not going to help him very much.  If you are looking for a book to get you excited about the paranormal and not just a dull, boring, boring tome, this one isn't for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a more in-depth review of a book I hadn't read.  Instead I got a quick summary of the book.  I am disappointed because the book was very poorly written and presented.  A lot of the information was very basic.  It would be more helpful to see it in the original text, which I have read, rather than from this book.I will be reviewing a more comprehensive book about the history of American music and culture. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised that the author was so ignorant in this book. The first half was interesting and the second half just kept getting worse.  I thought the author might be on drugs and this was the first book I had read that didn't make me want to throw it in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a good book.  It tries to make a story and its not very well done.  Its just a bunch of quotes and pictures and a few stories.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is filled with the most blatant and unnecessary plot devices and is far too long. The characters do not feel real to the reader, they are merely stereotypes. If you read this book you will feel cheated and will not like it. If the story was a little more original I would have given it a 4 stars 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what happened with this one.  It was the worst book I've ever read, even worse than the one I read a couple of years ago.  There was nothing funny, nothing that made me laugh or made me interested.  The only reason I could put it down was because it was over halfway done.  I was almost ready to quit after I finished.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was extremely hard to read, but it did provide some interesting insights and ideas.  However, the book lacks the originality, imagination and ideas of many of the other books that I've read.  I found it hard to understand what the author meant by what he said.  If this book was worth reading, I think I'd recommend it to people who want to know what a negative book is, not necessarily as an educational resource, but as an art and intellectual exercise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading. This book was more interesting than it was exciting.  It was nothing new, and was more like a run of the mill historical novel.  I am sorry for the poor book, and I hope that the publisher has a change of heart about its marketing.  If this book was a true history, there would have been some interesting twists and turns, but the lack of imagination was very apparent.  This is just a cheap marketing ploy to sell books, which the publisher will undoubtedly be doing again.  Hopefully the next book will be better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've seen this book several times. I can't believe it. It is boring. You know, it's the book of the week.  It is so hard to get into. I had a hard time following it.  I didn't want to waste my time reading it. I was looking for something better, something that I could enjoy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been reading this series since the beginning, and I've read the first three volumes in that order, and it's been quite a while since I've finished any of them.  The characters are not original or interesting enough.  I'm not quite sure why this series is still going on, but it's hard to say that it's the fault of the characters themselves 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total waste of time. The story is completely unoriginal. The author spends an inordinate amount of time talking about the book itself. There are so many different people and places, and so little time spent actually talking to anyone about anything. The whole book is simply a series of flashbacks from people, places, or events that the reader could have just as easily read about in their daily lives.  I am sorry, but it is clear the author was not trying to write an entertaining book. I am sure there are some people out there who really enjoyed this book. If you do, please do not waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't really enjoy this book, but I still wanted to learn more about the origins of Christianity. I don't want to give the impression that this is an anti-Christian book, however. There are many good books out there on the origins. It's really just a bad historical work by a writer who seems to know very little about the subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was slow, and the details are vague.  There were times I felt the author was trying to be too much in detail, but there were other times I couldn't figure out what she was talking about.  It could be that it is too hard to keep up with a lot of details, and I feel it would be better to just go through the book and make up your own mind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I'd never read this book, but I read it because I heard a good review about it.  It's not bad, but it's not good either.  I have read hundreds of good books, and this one falls a long way short.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know where to begin with this one.  It is very tedious.  The story is very slow and boring.  I couldn't get past the first page.  There are only so many pages in a book and I thought the story would be more gripping if it started to pick up a little bit.  But then it gets boring and boring and I couldn`t finish the book.  Then I found myself bored and wanting to quit.  Why?  I want to read some good book and this one is so boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is hard to believe that the author of this book would be so ignorant about anything he writes.  It appears that the only thing he knows how to write is lies.  He uses the word "facts" and "facts based" as if they are the same thing.  However, when he uses the words "facts", he is not talking about facts, he is talking about the lies he knows he can get away with.  This book is a huge disappointment because it does not have any real information.  Instead it is just a series of lies. "Truths" are not facts, "facts are facts" are simply a means to an end.  The reader will only get the facts they want. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for my second year of university, and it really did not improve at all. It was so tedious to read, I ended up skipping a couple chapters.  There were so many clichés, I couldn't get the feeling I understood anything at all in the book.  It felt like a work of fiction, rather than something that was meant to be read.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a lot of information about the occult and is extremely confusing.  The explanations are a little confusing, but not too bad to bother with.  I wouldn't waste your time reading it if you're not a occultist or an occultist-like.  It seems to be a compilation of information from the various books written by various authors.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not worth the time it took to read it. It was a tedious and repetitious story. I do not think that the author had any interest in the subject matter. The character's relationship to her child was very unrealistic. The characters were either too childlike or too adult. There were no real moments that I really cared about. The plot was not exciting. There was no plot at all.  I cannot recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so dull. I did not finish it.  The book is mostly just boring, no matter what book it is.  It is just not interesting to read.  What a waste! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a nice read.  The only problem was it was not.  I think I had read some of the reviews about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with the idea that the reader will learn a lot from reading this book, and it's true.  However, there is no indication as to where the reader might be headed, as the book seems to go from topic to topic.  I am no authority on the subject of religion, but it is my opinion that it is not an area which this book is intended to cover.  The author appears to be making a case for Christianity, but he has not made the case that is intended, nor does he seem to have made the effort to explore other faiths, including non-believers, with any depth.  There are many ways to get to the truth, but this book does not provide that.  In fact, it's not even a book on the topic of atheism, which it claims to be.  It's not a good book, in other words, and I recommend it only to the most hardened of believers, those who have already made up their minds.  You can find plenty of such books on the Internet 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been through many of the works in this book, so I can comment on the quality and the quantity of information given.  I do not know the first thing about chess.   But what I do know is that this is one of the most boring, tedious, and boring chess books I've ever read.  If you are new to the game or are looking for something new to do with your chess books this is a good book to look for.  But if you are a serious chess player or if you just want to read a book that will help you understand the game better, please go for a different book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is filled with pictures of pretty pictures and interesting diagrams.  However, the chapters are too short to make a full understanding of it.  It is really just too much text and too few pictures.  I'm hoping that someone will write a better book on this subject, but for now I will have to content myself with the first book I've read on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few interesting anecdotes, but not very interesting. I wouldn't read another of his books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a lawyer.  I'm a legal clerk, and I don't even know the difference between a good book and a bad one.  However, I do know that this book was written by a lawyer who was also an attorney, and that it would be inappropriate for a lawyer to write a book about law, law society, or the legal profession.  He seems to be completely oblivious to this fact, as well as to the fact that law is a complex subject that requires a deep understanding of the law in order to make intelligent decisions.  But he's a lawyer, so he should know the subject, right?  Well, it's not quite so simple.  As it turns out, a lot of the legal subjects in this book are not as simple as he thinks, but they are at least not as difficult as they might seem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed that it was not a more thought-provoking, entertaining and well-done book, but it was certainly not the book I expected.  If you are looking for a book that will keep you interested, then this book will not satisfy.  It was nothing new, nothing exciting, nothing interesting, nothing at all.  I will only read this book if you insist that it is an actual book, not a self-help book, and not a book with a lot of information.  Don't waste your money.  There are far better books out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not want to be the reader of this book, unless I was expecting to be completely overwhelmed by its plot or by its general incoherence. If you don't know what the plot is about or why you should care, you will likely have trouble finishing this book. The characters are not very interesting, and there is not enough information to keep you interested.  If you like fantasy, this book is not for you.  I will not be buying this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a little too long. The first few chapters are interesting and the rest are pretty repetitive.  The book would have been better if it were divided into three or four chapters.  Maybe it would have worked if I hadn't read all the previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a collection of pictures and notes. There are a few pictures, and it is clear that the author has written a negative book.  The author does not give enough detail for the reader to understand the book's content.  I am not sure if the book is intended as a serious book, or just an attempt to show how many of the images he has seen.  If you want a more detailed book, I suggest you buy a book called "The Little Book Of Science".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wish I would have read this book.  The writing style is a bit awkward and confusing.  I am not sure how to translate it into English 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a guy who lives and loves baseball and knows nothing about it.  This guy has an opinion about the game, but not the ability to put that opinion into words.  His opinion about what the team does or does not do on the field is more important than the opinions of the actual players.  The book contains little information that the player, players, and coaches might need to get a better understanding of the game 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book twice.  The first time I was thoroughly disgusted.  I thought it was a waste of time and money to spend my money on a book about the book of Genesis.   It was an embarrassing waste of money.  There were only two chapters that made sense.  But then I had another opportunity to read the book and I was not pleased.  It is all nonsense.  No one could possibly accept that the Bible is the Word of God.  So, please don't waste your money on this book.  Don't waste a penny on this garbage 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a waste of time.  It would have been better if they just had the original edition.  I was not looking for a quick hit on the heels of "A Thousand Years of Sodom" or "The Black Death".  I wanted to see what was really going on in the Middle Ages.  In this book they gave the impression that everything happened over 1000 years.  The main characters are of course the Knights Templar, but the real reason you read this book is to find out who the Black Death was.  If you are looking for the real Black Death you should look elsewhere.  For one, the Black Plague wasn't a plague.  Its a name given to a disease which actually occurred in the 1300's.  They could have just called it the Plague of Death, without changing the name to Black Death.  Besides, if it were a plague, then why didn't the Knights of the Black Cross mention it?  I would never buy a book that mentions the name of the disease the main characters had been fighting over 1000+ years ago.  Not a good book to read unless you are interested in the history of the Knights and Templar.  Don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I had high expectations, but I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really disliked this book. It started out well enough but it quickly got bogged down in detail that left me wondering why I would want to follow this book or even read it at all. I really wish I could give it a negative rating because the subject matter was interesting but I just didn't feel it was necessary to follow the story to the end. The story itself could have used some improvement 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been looking for an interesting book on how to start a small business. I stumbled upon this book. It's not a book that I would have read and taken to work with.  It is simply a series of steps that will not help you in starting a small company.  This book is very basic and can be easily understood by anyone.  The book has not helped me to start any business 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot was predictable, the ending was boring, the characters lacked personality, and the whole book was a tedious slog.  It just didn't feel like a good book, in spite of the fact that it was written by one of the most talented authors around.  The characters are completely cardboard.  A couple characters were interesting, but it was all too much to bear.  If you like Harry Potter, you will probably enjoy this book, but if you don't, do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main thing that bothered me is that the author seemed to take the story of the New York City subway to be the main story of life.  It's a terrible idea to think that life can be confined to a subway.  In fact, the story is actually better as a look at the lives of ordinary people on the street.  I wouldn't have read it as a teenager had I not seen a documentary on the subway.I wish I had found the story and the characters of my childhood. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe this book is still in print! It is a very dry and tedious read, and you can see it is not worth the money you pay for it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers on this book. I feel like I was wasting my time and money on this one.  The plot was boring and not what I expected from a horror book.  I feel that it would have been better for this author to move on to more successful books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love the book. I thought the first part was a great read and it was only a little disappointing when he got to the third part where he went off on some kind of bickering about race and racism.  It really sucked to read that part.  I would suggest picking up something else by the same author, he wrote the very popular book "Sandy Huffman's Race and Racism" and I found it very insightful.  However, I did not like the second part where you got to learn about the various "crimes" committed by black people.  What a load of BS.  Don't even waste your time on that one.  You will probably be better off just reading the first two parts of "The Negro" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the review above. This book was a disappointment. It had no real depth. The only thing that happened was a couple of chapters. There was not much substance. The book was very boring. The author was very poorly organized. I can't wait for the next one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't read this book.  I will never be able to finish it.  It is really boring.  The characters are too stupid.   It really isn't worth the money.  This book should be put on the shelf where it belongs 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot of books and have always been impressed with the creativity, imagination and wit in them.  I thought that a short story about a group of kids that had a strange bond, and would grow up to be friends, would be a wonderful book.  However, I found this one to be absolutely pathetic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting a funny book with a lot of pop culture references and a lot to say. What I got instead was a boring story that wasn't funny.  If you want to laugh at funny, this book is for you. If you like this book and want to read a story about a funny guy, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book as a young adult and it had my interest. However, the writing is not descriptive and the descriptions are overly simplistic.  The story about the war between the Romans and the Carthaginians is very weak.  I don't know how to relate to that story.  It seems the author just wanted to make a quick money out of it.  If you want to read something that will entertain you, go for the first book of Alexander the Great, which I highly recommend.  For the rest of the book, I will not read this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book, but a lot of details were not explained. The information on the book was very basic.  A lot of information was not included in the book.  I found some of the info in the books mentioned below.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a really boring book.  I am sure there are some gems hidden in there but this book is not it.  The book could be interesting, but it is not as well written as the one by Richard Bach.  He had a much better plot, more character development, and more ideas than this one.  Maybe it is because this book was written by a guy who lives in a house, while I live in an apartment, while Richard Bach lives in an office.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very short, and the content is incredibly superficial.  It is a lot of talking about the book and nothing much in the way of plot.  The ending is so lame that I felt the author was just trying to make a point and wanted to put it in the book, but I just don't think it worked.  If you want to read a quick history of the United States, then I would suggest the book "A History of the American People" by Richard Hofstadter, but even if you want some kind of more thorough overview of the history of our country, I would just suggest the "A Book of American Folklore" by Michael Chappell 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another attempt to sell more books by a certain group of people (the one-day Christians). This is a book that attempts to show that the Bible was written by Jesus, who was a real person, and not by some mythical author who claims to be the only true author. The only true way to know that a book was written is to know who wrote it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a tedious work. I cannot get past pages 3 and 4. It seems that Mr. Green has no idea how to tell a story.  I was afraid to buy this book, fearing it would be so much of a pain in the neck.  If you want to see a bad story, read The Lord of the Flies 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was expecting more than just a few lines on the theme of the book.  Instead, there are 20 pages worth of detailed information on a very basic subject.  I guess it's a good book if you're looking for that sort of info.  Don't bother with this one.  The author was clearly an inexperienced writer, and I would have had to spend a lot more time than I had just reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and not that much of an adventure. The story was predictable and very little action. I would suggest anyone not to waste their money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the definition of a bad novel. I was just a little surprised when I found out that this was a sequel to "The Art of War".  This is a horrible book, and it is a shame that such a good book has been released.  I do not recommend this book.  The first half of the book is very interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book.  It was full of ideas.  But it was too slow.  I would not have been satisfied with it until I read a better book by the same author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book multiple times and it is nothing but a bunch of random trivia.  It is almost entirely useless for people who want to learn something about the book industry.  The information that the book provides is not very useful and most of the information is actually not very relevant 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was a good book but I was very disappointed when I finished.  I have read other books by Mr. Harms as well as by Ms. Koepp who wrote the book and I am sure you can read more reviews on her book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure there are many other ways to tell this story, but I really do not see any merit in this one.  The story was interesting, but there was a real lack of focus, not enough action, and the ending was a little disappointing.  I would have rather read about the history of the first atomic bomb.  But I do admire the author for writing the story in such a unique way, but he did not do it justice.  Overall I would say it was a bit slow, but it was certainly not a bad read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written in a rather simplistic fashion.  It is basically a list of questions and answers.  The author never answers the last question of a section.  This is very annoying.  I think this book is best read in the order it is listed.  If you want answers to questions 1-4, read those first.  There is no way to fully understand this book without first understanding the questions and their answers.... The answers are often confusing and contradictory.  But the main reason for this is the author's lack of knowledge.  In some areas of life it is very helpful to understand the answers and how they apply to the questions before asking the questions.  However, in some areas it is important to know how to ask the questions 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really like the idea of a great book, but I was very disappointed in this one.  I didn't really get any insight into how the Catholic Church works, much less the history and the theology of the church.  It was mostly a history book that gave the reader a general idea of the various institutions of the Church.  And it did not explain the specifics of how the church works in any specific area.  If you want a book that explains the specifics, go to Peter Smith's "The Faith and Practice of the Catholic Faith", or "The Catholic Encyclopedia".  Don't buy this one!  If it was a bad electronic device that gave me a bad read, I apologize, but the book itself was certainly not the problem.  The author, Mark A. Smith, was certainly a good writer, and he deserves credit for doing something with a small book, and it certainly wasn't writing from an opinion, which is a rarity in the world of writing, and this was a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the worst book I've read in my life! I read it for the first time last week. I can't believe it!  It took me five or six hours to finish it! I will not ever read it again!  I will give this book to my husband and say to him, "You won't like this one either, but I'm giving you this book    just to finish!  You will be sorry!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a collection of articles by an author who never read a book before. I think he just picked up some ideas from other authors, without thinking to what they really were. The problem is that this book is so poorly written and paced that it can't possibly hold its own for the length of the book. There is not a single scene that doesn't seem out of place and is completely unnecessary. The author just does not have the talent that some others have, or the desire to write a good book. I was actually disappointed in the book, as I was expecting something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a man and a woman who have been in love for 25 years.  But there is no detail on the love, or how it began.  In fact, the love story is told in a very slow and not at all dramatic manner.  I feel like I am reading a romance novel.  If the reader is expecting a love story, I would suggest to them that they look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so full of grammatical mistakes and mistakes in translation that it would have been better to just buy another book with clear instructions on how to translate from Greek and Hebrew to English.  I would highly recommend anyone who has not yet read the first edition of this book to try this one first.  The problem is that the grammatical errors are so obvious and glaring that the reader can hardly believe that he or she is reading in a translation.  In the second edition (which I did not read), I felt that the errors had been cleaned up enough to make the book somewhat more usable, but there is still an awful lot of grammatically incorrect text in it.  This one book should be taken with a grain of salt. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't enjoy this book as much as I thought I would.  I was not impressed with the "graphic novel" aspect.  The book starts out with a lot of information that is relevant to an audience of high schoolers.  However, this is the wrong way to go about telling a story.  This is more like a history of a bad electronic device 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not very funny, and it's not even very interesting.  Don't bother with it.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a nice book.  I got it and was disappointed.  For starters, the whole story of the life of Jesus Christ was told in two hours.  That's not enough.  Not only that, but it's very, very boring.  There are too many stories and characters, some of them just flat out not interesting.  In fact, the book almost ended before it started.  But that's the way the author wants it to be.  The whole thing was a piece of drivel.  It's almost as if he didn't know what he was doing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say the same thing as the others reviewers: this is a very boring book. i would not recommend this book to anyone.  it is just boring and does not provide enough information to make it worthwhile 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author attempts to cover the basics of how to use Excel in your writing.  However, the author has failed to cover much in the way of actual writing techniques.  The book is too basic for a true beginner to attempt to write.  It does have some useful tips and tricks for Excel, however.  But I would suggest spending a little more time working on the fundamentals before diving into this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several books about a successful book: The Art of Business Success by James Collins, The Art Of Business: A Guide for the Real Estate Investor by Robert E. Lee, How To Be A Millionaire: The Definitive Guide to Wealth, Power and Success by Bruce Berkowitz, The Ultimate Book: The Biggest Success Strategy In The World by Stephen A. Ross, and How To Make Money and Life Happen by Robert Kiyosaki.  I find these books all the same, boring and predictable.  There's no innovation, no new ideas, no interesting concepts.  They're just repeats of the same old ideas and philosophies.  The only thing I enjoyed about The Art and Business Guide was the pictures.  But the author's lack of creativity in the creative section is mind boggling.  He's a one-trick pony when it comes to creative writing.  If you want a book that can help you in your quest for wealth and success, buy The Art & Business Success: A Book Of Success, but do not buy the other books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book does have some good information, but it's almost entirely based on the opinions of some of the reviewers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is mostly about the negative aspects of Buddhism, not about the positive aspects. I don't like the negative view of the Buddha. I'd like to see more positive view on his teachings 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think this book was even written by the author, let alone written in a book format. It was a poorly written, poorly organized book that was written by someone who knew how to use a book. The book was a big disappointment, and it probably wasted the money that the author spent on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was quite surprised at how little information was provided on the basics of the game. This book was almost laughable in the amount of detail I had to deduce from the examples in the text. It didn't help that the authors included the most basic information in the form of pictures of the rules, but the lack of information was also disappointing. The rules were not given the same level of detail as the examples provided in the book, and as a result I had difficulty figuring out which rules to use in my games. I hope this book will be revised in future editions as it appears that the author will have to rework some of his examples 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure this is the most popular book of his, but I just can't believe it.  The story is about a man who, like many of the other characters in this book, wants to be a musician, but has a bad attitude.  I couldn't believe he was such a bad person to get so frustrated by his attitude. I couldn' t care less about him, but he's the only character who isn't a bad guy.  A lot of the characters, like his mother, are written so poorly that they seem to be written as if they are actually characters.  You can tell from the first page of this book that there are a lot of problems with this book.  If you like music, and like the characters in the book, then I don't think this is a bad read, but if you like reading books for fun, then you might want to skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so slow I did not finish it before giving it to my daughter. I would rate it a 2.5, and I think the author is a pretty decent writer.  I hope this book will not be a chore to get through.  The first 20 or so pages, however, were absolutely awful.  Not the book, but the subject. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book at least a dozen times and have read it once or twice before, but I have always felt that it was just too much for me. I was quite disappointed with the book, in that I expected to find the "how to" part interesting and not just boring and repetet. I found the "why" section quite tedious, which I can't even blame the author for because it really was tedious. There was much that could have been explained more simply, which is a pity, because the book was more interesting than I expected.  It was not very informative, in fact it was rather boring.  I would advise any serious student to try and avoid this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a huge fan of the book.  I was excited to see that they were going to try to cover the same ground as The Art of War 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviews that this book was a chore.  I had no interest in the subject of "the Catholic Church" and had no desire to go deep into its workings.  If you really want to understand the workings of the Church in a deeper way, this book is a great read.  However, this was not what I expected from an "Introduction to the Catholic Church".  If it was, I would have loved it.  The book seems to suggest that it is the case that Catholics do not really understand what the Catholic church really is.  But the author is not a Catholic and it is not his goal to convince you that Catholics are stupid or stupid.  It is his goal only to make you feel dumb!  I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author really didn't get into it. It was a long book, but I don't know why. I thought it was just another of his silly adventures, and it was.  It was boring and unoriginal, and the story line was pretty much predictable.  I'm not sure how much I got out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all of her novels, and I would not recommend this one to anyone.  I had no idea she was such a poor writer.  She's so stiff and lifeless.  If you are looking for a simple, easy-to-read novel, then this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would be more surprised if there wasn't at least one or two of the authors familiar with Ayn Rand's Objectivist philosophy.  But the book is very difficult to read and I find myself constantly frustrated with it.  I think the main reason for this is because the authors make the mistake of not presenting the actual facts.  In this case it is the fact that they are arguing for the existence of a non-existent objectivist philosopher who wrote a book that was so badly written and presented that the readers were completely confused about what Rand actually wrote.    I hope to have learned more about Objectivism by reading some of the essays of other Objectivists 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something to read that I could not find. This book is one of the worst I have ever read. The author seems to be afraid to tell you how to cook.  It's almost as if they want you to go away and do the work for them.  Don't waste your time.  I recommend you do not read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for a new book, look elsewhere.  I would not recommend this book.  If it were a book written by a good book author (which it's not), I would have given it 5 stars.  But it is not.  It is, however, the book that I will be returning to for my final exams. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an extremely long book and it is extremely boring.  There is not a single page where the plot is not repeated.  The characters are not interesting.  In the end it seems that there is a plot, but it is so vague that it is impossible to follow it.  I think that it was written by a professional and that she was looking for an easy story.  If that is true, then I am very disappointed with her.  This book is not worth the money it costs and I will never buy another one of her books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not well written. I found the characters to be stereotypical, unrealistic, and unrealistic. I had to look at the cover to make it out, because there was no actual information on the book itself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was one of the most tedious, repetitive, and boring things I've ever read. It was like reading a bunch of newspaper clippings, or just reading Wikipedia.  The author could have just as easily written a negative book about a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title "The Man Who Would Be King" is a bit odd. King's hero is not an actual king, but a prince who wants to be the king. He is the last of the "King of England" line. King Richard III did not seek to be king; King Henry IV did. The only reason King Richard II survived the death penalty was that he was too young and unrepentant. King John died peacefully and unassailably, with no more than a hint of rebellion. King Henry V is a better man than King Richard, but not by much.  The king of England is dead, and King Henry VI has lost his crown, and Henry VII will be king as soon as King Richard's father, King Henry VIII, dies. King Philip II of Spain will be the new king of France, but he will not be king of Spain. King Louis XVIII will be his heir. King George VI will be King George V's heir. The king is not king of any country. The real King John is still alive. King Charles I is still king of Great Britain. The King of Scotland is still King of Great Britian. The Queen of Great Brittan is still Queen Elizabeth. The Duke of York is still the Duke of Lancaster. The Pope will not die until King Charles V dies, and Charles VIII is still a Roman Catholic, not a Protestant.The book is not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a series of vague descriptions of how to build a home with a small group of kids.  It lacks the specificity of some of the others and the lessons are not all that helpful.  If your group is small and has no real structure, it would be a great idea to hire an experienced guide.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can say about this book is that the author (in my opinion) is a good writer, but it is a difficult book to read, and it takes a long time to get through.  The main character, who is a little more than a handful, of the book, is a very weak character.  She gets off on a few too many tangents and makes some very strange and pointless decisions.  One of the main characters is also very much of a stereotype.  If you want to read a thriller book, don't buy this book.  It is not worth it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very superficial and shallow book. The main focus on the book is on the "Masonic Ritual" and the "Freemasonry" of the United States. There are only three things mentioned in this book: The Freemasons, The Grand Lodge of Washington, D.C., and the Lodge of Perfection, the Masonic Temple.  I can't believe that there is so much confusion over the subject. The only real mystery is whether or not there are any Masonic Lodges that actually practice Masonry 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title and the premise of this book are so far away from reality that it's not even funny. It's like reading a book written by a mentally challenged child. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is very repetitive and not interesting, if you like "classic" romance, or at least I do.  The characters are very static and boring, not interesting or memorable, and the romance plot feels so "filler" compared to the "real" characters, who are fleshed out.  It just seemed to me that the book could have been done better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the books that have influenced my thinking on the Iraq war.  In my case, I was very disturbed by the fact that the author had chosen to write a negative book on the war.It seemed that this book had been written by an anti-war activist and that the writer's intentions were much too obvious 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very poorly written book. It does not do justice to the original story, nor does it give us an accurate depiction of the characters that are in it. If you are an avid reader of J.K. Rowling's work, then you will find this book fascinating. If not, then there is not much point in wasting your money on this book. I would rather have you spend your money at one of the better books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been wanting to read this book since I started studying psychology.  It's a little too long.  The descriptions are a little confusing and the ideas are a bit vague.  But it is the first book I have read by a psychologist.  I was not able to put the book down until I read it a second time.  After the first read, I wanted to write a negative positive review about it.  Then I read the book again and was horrified 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of so many errors and misquotes that I feel that it would be best to leave it alone.  I have not found a book that is more accurate, more interesting or more accurate than this one.  A few points that I agree with are that the characters do not talk about real life situations and that the author makes some assumptions in describing the characters and the world that I do not believe to be true.  This is a book full of misunderstandings, misunderstandings that will probably result in readers becoming discouraged.  There are many other books in the same category that I could have used to learn more about real world situations.  The book is a complete waste of time and time that I will never use again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not very well organized. It is a collection of stories and some stories do not really fit together, at least not as well as they could have been. The descriptions are a little difficult to follow, and the stories are not as memorable as I expected.  However, I do enjoy the book because the stories do make a statement about life in an African-American neighborhood.  The author does not provide any information about where the information comes from, but I would like to see this book expand on this theme 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half was very dull and repetitive. The second half made me cringe. I found the characters to be very shallow and simplistic. The author clearly has a very limited grasp on the topic. I was hoping to see a much more interesting book from this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the book in the college class and was so frustrated.  The story was dull and not very interesting.  I would have been better served with an encyclopedia like "Bible Dictionary".  It was boring and boring and did not engage the interest.  In addition, it was not interesting for the sake of being boring.  So, I will never read another book by Dr. Williams.  Maybe I'll do another "How To" book, but I'll probably just skim it and look at the "Bibles" and "Word Studies".  I hope the authors will write a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very long, boring book. There is much information on the subject, but it is presented very sloppily. It would have been better to have given it a different title 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's boring and unoriginal. The book is not much different from the previous one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has many of the same ideas as "The Seven Years War", which was a more or less book that was published in the 1920s and was much more entertaining than this one.  I was surprised that this book was still being published when the war was over 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple chapters in here seem to be going for some other agenda than telling a true story.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not familiar with this book. I thought it was the book from which my mother read when she was a teenager.  The book is dated, but it was written as a novel. I read the book and did not like it.  I will not waste my time reading this book again.  It is not worth your time to waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found the book to be a bit too vague and not as much as I had hoped.  It is a very well written book that I wish I had more time to read.  However I found it very difficult to follow through it.  In addition I think it is also very unrealistic to try to explain what makes a good book.  I did not understand why the book focused on the historical figures, rather than the history of the times.  The book has many pictures and examples that may not be necessary, as it would have been easy to skip over and not waste time on.  There are also many questions not answered in the book.For example I did find the book very interesting, as well as funny and informative.  But there are many questions that are not answered, such as how many countries did not exist in this time period.  What was the origin of the Roman Empire?  What were the differences between the Germanic and Saxon tribes?  Why did the Romans stop building roads, and why did the Anglo-Saxons do so much better than the Germans?  Do you really need to know about the Vikings?  I think the book could have used some more time spent on the history, rather then on the characters.  So I am looking for a better book, but I will be back for another one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a classic case of overpriced, poorly written and confusing.  It's not a good book at all.  The main theme is the importance of good teachers and I guess it's the best way to get this information.  However the way in which the author presents it is very frustrating and confusing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a number of Johnstone's books, but never really got into them. I have found that most of his books are really about the same subject, just not necessarily in the same order.  But, this book is an exception to that rule.  I found that the characters were extremely flat.  The main characters were not very well developed, and the story itself seemed to lack any sort of motivation.  That, combined with the fact that there were so many characters, kept me from getting into the story.  However, it does have some good things in it, such as the descriptions of the characters' thoughts, but it does not really have the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very sad and depressing book.  I would not have read this if it was not for a friend's recommendation.  He was very positive about it.  The characters were not likeable, the plot was not funny, the characters were uninteresting, and I did not care about the story.  All the characters in this book were not even likable.  What was this book for?  A sad story?  The only reason this book is entertaining is because of the author's attempt at a happy ending.  Unfortunately, this book does not work.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, with its overly complex plots, too-complex characterizations and unrealistic, unappealing characters, just isn't that interesting to read.  In the last couple of chapters, the story started to lose some of its momentum, and the author started to resort to the usual "plot twists" which are usually more interesting and memorable than just plain old plot twists.  The end of the book also seemed a little abrupt and abrupt in its final scene, which I found irritating.  I wish I could give it more credit than that; it is definitely worth reading if you like mysteries and/or science fiction, but it will be a little too long for you to get fully immersed into it.  If you don't like mysteries, or don't want to be bothered with an overly complicated plot, go for one of the other two books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book before and found it to be a very superficial overview of the life of Jesus.  If you want to know the details of the person Jesus Christ, read the Gospel of Mark, which is by far the best book in the world, not this book.  It is quite a treat to read the Life of Jesus, but for some reason, the authors failed to present the most important facts.  The authors were more interested in "explaining" the "life" of Jesus Christ than they were in giving you the details about the person.  This book would not make a good study for a high school student 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think that the author intended this book to be funny, but I think it is very dull and boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of clichés and cliches.  The characters are not interesting or believable.  I would have rather read the original book.  A boring waste of time.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than a collection of pictures and anecdotes about various people.  It could be an enjoyable book if there were a few more pictures and the anecdotes were more interesting.  Instead, it is a compilation of some photos and some of the same old gossip and anecdotes.  If you want to see a nice book, look for one written by an artist like Frank Thomas or Peter Brook, who are both at the top of their game when it comes to photography 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been a serious reader of this book for many years.  In fact I wrote a positive review about it years ago.  But I am disappointed with this book.  I found the story of Joseph Smith (which the author calls the Book of Mormon) to be far too shallow.  For example, there is no mention of Joseph's involvement in the occult.  There is no information whatsoever to suggest that Joseph had an occult connection.  The author makes a big deal out of Joseph marrying his cousin Elizabeth, a young girl who had an affair with a neighbor.  This is false.  It seems as though Joseph Smith would not have taken a step forward in his life to marry his cousin if it weren't for the fact that he had already married a young lady who was a close friend of his.  To me this is an insult to all of the Mormons who did not marry their cousins.  Why don't they mention this?  I understand why the author would make such a big statement about it but it seems like it would be a waste to the reader.  If it were only this one thing that Joseph Smith had done wrong it would seem that he would have been forgiven and this book would be acceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  I thought that it would be interesting and interesting to read about the origins of Christianity, and it would help me understand the Christian faith.  But the book was very dry and did not explain the basic concepts of Christianity.  It was very repetitive.  The author used the term "gospel" to mean a message that one person is reading.  Jesus Christ was the message, and the Bible was the text.  He said this himself, but this was not given enough emphasis in the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of The Catcher in the Rye.  I like the book and the characters.  However, this is a terrible book.  The plot was a little strange.  It is like a character's point of view was taken from the plot of another book.I had the sense the author knew the plot, but it was not necessary for him to.  What was the point of the book? It was a mess.  There were so many inconsistencies in it.  Too much of it was unbelievable.  A great book to read if you like the novel, but if you are not familiar with it, this book is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was written in a very short time, and there are only five chapters in it, which are not even close to being the best chapters in the book.  It also has an awful title, which is a shame, since it actually tells the story better than the title.  The other chapters, however, are quite good and interesting, and if you are a fan of the book, I am sure you will enjoy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's a shame the author, who's a great teacher, can't even write a positive review about this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author did not write this book. I got it through my bookcase, and it was a chore. I have read other people's reviews and there are some great stories in this book, but it was not written by this author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is boring and predictable.  I don't like this kind of book because I'm not familiar with much in it.  It's basically a list of places and people to go and some information on where to stay, but nothing much.  Don't waste your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of John Gregory Collins' books. I loved "Masters of Sex", "The Secret Life of Pregnancy", "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll", "Locked in the Attic" & "The History of Lesbianism". I was looking forward to "Dangerous Liaisons" & hoped that it would be a fun, funny & informative book.  But alas, it's not.  I was disappointed & disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be quite disjointed. The first half was just rehashed ideas from "Fantasy's Past", while the second half consisted of "fantasy". This was a terrible book.  I would recommend avoiding this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was excited to read this book because it was the first book written about Mormonism in the English language.  I thought it would be the first step in understanding the Mormon religion.  This book is just not up to par.  It is very simplistic.  What you see in the book is what you get from the missionaries.  The missionaries are not educated people.  They are not open to learning and are not ready for an open-minded approach to the Book of Mormon.  If you want a quick, easy, "get-to-know-you" book about Mormonism, then this is a good book for you.  But it's not going to help you make up your mind.  You'll never be able to fully understand the LDS religion if you read this one.  And it's a waste of time to waste your time on this book.  Save your money.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book. I did however like the book that introduced the concept of "paranoia".  The book was very superficial and had nothing to do with the real-life situation.  I was also very disappointed in the lack of historical accuracy.  The author claimed that the "conspiracy" was just a group of people who had "gone over the edge".  This was not supported by the evidence presented.  If this was a "conspiracy", then I suggest that the person who wrote this book should be investigated.  There is enough information in this book to prove the existence of a "paranoid conspiracy", and it is very unfortunate that it was so poorly researched. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really disliked the author's idea of a new book called, "The New Age".  He uses the term "New Age" and, in the book, says, "There's a new way of thinking now, and it's a spiritual one".  In other words, he uses the word "New" like the devil.  I wonder if he was thinking of the words "New Religions", which I think he probably was, or "New Religion", which he probably also was, because he uses that term.  He talks about this concept of New Religion, but I find it very hard to believe that he thought of the term as "New", because the word New, as a noun, is not used.  If he had wanted to be different from all the other New Age writers, he could have said, "I am a New Age writer".  I suppose he thought that he could get away with it.  But, of course, it is not true!  If it was true, I would have bought this book!  I am a real New Age believer.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something more creative with this one, but I found myself very bored and just wishing I could just finish it. I would have done better with the first three books. I hope it gets better in later editions. The plot is very cliche and predictable, and the characters are flat and uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very poorly written. I would never read a book of this sort unless I was looking for a plot. The plot was a total farce, and there were no real characters.  The characters were so one-dimensional that I wondered why the author bothered to write them.  I think the book is better when the characters are developed.  It was only worth reading if you are looking for plot.  Otherwise it was a complete waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring and boring. I am a huge fan of Michael Jackson, and the book was almost an advertisement for Jackson.  I really do not know the details of this book, but I would not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not very funny.  The story is about a group of people who come together and take over a new school, only to have the principal put a bad electronic device on them and shut them down.  What the hell?  If you want to be funny, why don't you go write a bad story about a stupid electronic device?  The characters in this book are not interesting and the story is not that funny either.  I found it very difficult to believe that all of the students were so stupid that they did not see that their teacher was putting a bad device on the computers.  If the book is not funny, the book writer should be ashamed! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was interesting. The author made some excellent observations and had some interesting ideas, but he missed the mark in the execution. His presentation of the ideas was not engaging and he offered little in the way of insight. It could have been so much better had he been more careful and engaged with the ideas presented. The writing style is not original and the ideas were not developed enough to warrant a full book on the topic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very poorly written and written in a rush.  There is not enough information to get through it.  The information given by the author is not correct and confusing.  I will not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little skeptical about the book.  The title and author are interesting and well done.  However, the story is just plain silly.  It begins with a great description of the book's premise and then devolves into a ridiculous plot.  I am very disappointed in the book and I will not buy it again.  If you like this book, then do not be afraid to take the plunge and buy this one!  The author makes a very convincing case, but I was not interested in the story.  Save your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not funny or insightful. It is just a collection of a few stories. What is funny about the stories is that they are about something else, usually life, and not just about themselves. What's interesting is that each story has an ending that will lead the reader to a different topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the first book in a series of novels set in the fictional city of Chicago.  I will never get past the first chapter and would suggest that if you are looking for a series to enjoy reading, do not bother with this.  It is very predictable and boring, and will leave you wanting for a different book.  The characters in this series are very weak, and the plots are not very interesting.  This book is not recommended for anyone who is looking for an engaging story, or is a fan of the Chicago Bulls 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was interesting but not interesting enough to buy the book for the story. I got it for the writing and not for the stories.  The writing was not convincing.  I do not want to be a teacher or anyone else's teacher and I do NOT want to teach the same book I read!  If you are going to buy this book just do not buy it for what it tells us.  It is for entertainment.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book.  I am not sure if I will ever read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love this book but it's not very clear.  The author is giving us a lot of information but doesn't go into detail enough.  She says she wanted to get to the nitty-gritty of this book.  It's just a lot more info than what you need.  Don't waste your time!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book is a waste of time for both children and adults.  The plot is weak.  I wish the author had a more simple plot and not used so much dialogue.  For the book to be worth reading, it would need to have more character development, more suspense and not be so bogged down with the story so early on.  It isn't.  In addition to the poor plot, the character development is almost non-existent.  However, there are a couple of decent and entertaining moments.  If you want a story, this book isn't for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a long read and the subject matter was a little boring. I do not agree with most of the statements that are made and this book could be better if you want to learn more about the Holocaust. I would not recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn about the topic, but the information is very clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea of an "I can't believe I'm doing this book" type of ending is a bit much for me to swallow.  I mean, this was one of the best novels I have read so far, but this one was ruined by it's ending.  The plot was great and I would have liked to see more of it, but the ending spoiled it.  Don't try this book out, unless you are a total newbie.  But if you are like me, it's not a bad one, but you will probably not like it if you end up like me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than a compilation of stories from the various interviews with famous people.  It does have a few interesting anecdotes, but not enough to make up for the fact that the interviews are mostly made up of people who already talked about the same stories to other journalists.  The interviews, as I understand it, were given to the author and/or editor-in-chief of the book.  In some cases, the interviews were written by the same person who is the author.  So you get an interview from a person who knows nothing about the subject matter and you get a book full of the same sort of questions the same people are already asking.  I think the best part is the title:  "What People Know", which is a great title, if not quite right.  What are people aware of, anyway?  Most people don't know much about anything.  But if you talk to people who do know a lot about something, they may have an opinion on it.  This doesn't seem to be an approach to a book that would work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not believe this book is a good book. I would suggest reading the "Hustings & Manners" series for an alternative approach.  The "Rules & Customs" series by John Nolzow is a far better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not prepared for this.  I have read many reviews that suggest this is an excellent book.  It's not.  The characters are not as interesting as they were in the first book. The plot is too simple and the characters are too predictable.    I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of his books. I can honestly say I have not enjoyed any of them.  I was actually hoping for a better book.  What a disappointment.  This is a great book, but it is not a masterpiece.  It's not a good book because it is written by a layman, not a master.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a total disappointment.  It was a story about a young girl who wants to be a ballerina, but her mother, a strict Catholic, does not let her.  The story started out well enough, but then things got really stupid.  I was expecting to see a young heroine who was brave, strong and courageous, but instead there was a girl who was a weak and cowardly little girl.  As I got through the book I kept thinking that this girl was going to get better.  But then it got worse.  This girl got worse and worse. She became more and more insane, and she started killing her little sister.  How is a little girl supposed to grow up in this kind of environment?  How could this young girl have any future?  I think it is important to read this book when you are in your teens and you are trying to decide which career path you want to pursue.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a tad contrived and boring.  It would have been better to have seen it as a series of short stories rather than the first book in a series.  The ending is a little too predictable.  I will give this book a miss but I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so disappointed in this book.  The book is basically a compilation of quotes from different celebrities.  I don't really get what the point was of compiling the quotes and why this was a bad idea.  It was such a chore to read the quotes.  Some of the quotes were just a few sentences, others could have been words.  And I do agree that it would be better to have a more comprehensive book, but I just couldn't finish it.  If you want a compilation book, then I suggest you go out and buy a book by Steven Seagal.  He makes it a lot easier to digest. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment. The book is not very informative. The author spends most of the book discussing the events surrounding the killing of President Kennedy, but fails to discuss the case of the missing persons. I would give the book a 2 if it was a little more informative. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very dry, boring read and there are not enough details to keep it interesting. It would have been better if it was an original work by a different author.  I do not know how anyone can make a book like this.  It is almost as if this was written by a bunch of lawyers or something.  The book is very similar to the book by John B. Wells.  If you are interested in the subject, please do not waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is all a mess. It is mostly about the same old story of the poor poor boy who just wants to be a good man and be helpful to the poor people, and he just doesn't know the right way to do it.  The book starts out promising and ends up making absolutely no sense. It just seems like a waste of time to read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is a pretty poor book.  If you're not familiar with the work of J.R.R Tolkien you'll be a little lost.  I thought it would be a good idea to put it in the hands of an expert to guide the reader through the work.  It would be nice if it was a bit more accessible and the text was easier to read.  The author seems to take a lot of liberties with his sources.  This may be a result of the book being so long and complex, but it really doesn't add much to the work itself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is so boring and the characters so uninteresting.  I was afraid the book would be so boring but it is so far from being boring that I would just skip it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am an adult and I have been studying for a biology class for the last three years. I have seen the text and the photos, and I really cannot stand it.  The pictures and the text are beautiful, but I don't know how to describe it. There is a very important story at the end, but the pictures and text do not help you.  I was more than a little disappointed in this book, but if you are looking for an easy book to learn, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several books on the same topic, and I cannot remember what it was like to read this one.  It is, without a doubt, the worst book I have ever read.  The author's knowledge on the subject is extremely limited.  I cannot even begin to explain what I feel are some of the numerous mistakes made by the author in this book.  He even goes as far as to state that the bible is written by "all religions", without giving a name for this belief, much less a specific one.I am ashamed to have read this book, but it's a fact that many people do not want to read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was hard to get into this. I could only finish it in one sitting. The story is not funny, and not much happens. It is very repetitive. I wish I had learned some other things from the previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not for everyone.  It has some interesting ideas but not much practical information.  A lot of it is about how to get money in the financial markets.  This is a lot to chew on and you could easily get it through a more well-rounded book.  I did read the whole thing and was really not impressed.  If you like to get your financial information in a more hands-on manner, check out the books on the investing side of the spectrum: The Great Investing Secrets by Peter Lynch, or the investing 101 for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book, and I do not believe it.  It is filled with false information and not worth the money.  I will not buy this book again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A negative review: I agree with the previous review and think this is a good book.  However, the author has a tendency to talk about himself.  A good book for a beginner's guide to religion, but there are a few chapters that don't make sense.  The chapters on religion and faith seem to go from confusing to confusing.  I think the author would have been better served by focusing on the basics 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very pleased with this book, I thought it was really interesting.  It was a good idea to put it on the shelf, and I really was expecting something that would be more entertaining and maybe more insightful.  However, I can tell you that this is very, very hard to read.  I mean, you can have the fun moments, the "wow" moments.  But it just seems like it's getting really boring.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read several of the books in the series, and this one in particular was the worst.  The story was interesting, but the characters were terribly unrealistic.  There was a lot of fluff, and characters were not all that likeable.  I thought it was a shame the author was forced to make such a bad series because it is so much better in the first book.  It just felt like a waste of time to read the first novel and not the second.  Don't bother reading this series unless you like fantasy, or are bored.  If you like the first, don't read the second, unless you have already read the last.  But I can tell you from experience that the last book is the best in the entire series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages of the book will be enough to convince most people that this book is not worth the money. The story is very interesting but it is very confusing.  I have read some of the best novels ever and I am not even close to being able to follow what is happening to our protagonist, Mr. Bekko.  What I do like is the "dangers" aspect of the story but I am very dissapointed in the lack of plot.  It was not even clear what the plot was.  If it was not so obvious why I would waste my money on it then I would have been a little more impressed.  A better book for young children would have made more sense.  The book was a disappointment to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this book was written by a woman.  I have seen many of her books and I have to agree with some of the reviewers.  Her books are not at all original.  What is interesting to me is that her characters are very generic.  It is very hard to tell what she is thinking.  In her books the reader is constantly told to forget about the details and focus on the main character.  This is a mistake.  A good book is a good book, no matter what it is about.  If you are going to read a book, read the first one.  That way you will know what you are getting into.  For example, I think the first book of her, "The White Lady", was a wonderful book.  The second book, "A Gentleman's Guide to White Clothes", was not.  Do not waste your time or money on this book.It is not even a good read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A complete waste of space and time.  I just wanted to move on.  No one can really know what the hell is going on with the Mormons.  It is a miracle!  I wanted to learn more about this strange cult, but I don't believe in magic.  So I guess I will have to keep looking.  But I would rather learn from real history than a book that was so poorly written 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the weakest book I have ever read. I will not read another one until I have written my negative review. I would recommend anyone who has not read the original, "The Book of Unknown Things", by David J. Smith, to this book. The characters are too generic and the plot too simplistic. I am not even sure what the plot was. The book itself could have been improved by adding a few more chapters.  I have read the first four or five chapters, and I am beginning to feel that this book is not worth the money.  The author has not provided any ideas on how to solve the problems of the book.  If the author were to write a book on a science fiction novel that was not as dull as this one, it would be a good book. However, he seems to be afraid of taking his own ideas too seriously.  There are too many unanswered questions.  It does not help that the book is written in an obvious parody of "The Time Traveler's Almanac".  The whole book is a disappointment, but I do not intend to waste my time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I was going to read a book about a small town, maybe the village of Springdale, Tennessee. I thought it would be an easy read, just the usual people talking and having fun, what's not to like 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main characters are not as interesting as they could be. The other characters are, however, more interesting. The story is a bit too long for its own good. It starts out as a typical thriller, with some suspense and then the book goes downhill quickly, as the main characters get caught in a mystery that they don't know the details of. The plot ends up being a mess, and the ending leaves a lot of questions unanswered 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book a while ago, and it was a very enjoyable experience.  But this is a retelling of a very sad book.  The story is very thin, and I could never finish the book.The characters are very weak.  I wanted to know what happened to them.  There are a few characters who get off to a good start, but they are never really given much to do.   I would not recommend this book to anyone.  It was not very memorable. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the worst books I've ever read.  It's full of ridiculous stories and pointless characters and it is very difficult to keep track of what is happening and why.  I thought the characters were interesting and interesting things happened, but I don't think they are as important as they seem in this book.  The main story arc is just ridiculous and not worth the money to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book a tedious work to read.  It is not a very good book.  I find it very hard to believe that the author was so unqualified as to believe the "truth" of the story, as it is very apparent to anyone who reads this story, that it was real.  In fact, the story of a serial killer who is murdered by his own sister is very improbable to the point of impossibility.  The story does, however, have a great number of very interesting details, but the story is far too repetitive to be worth the price.  This is an example of a "true crime" book that does not have any real interest, but rather, relies on the reader to do his/her homework.  Don't waste your time on this book, just because it is "true" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is quite misleading. The book is full of contradictions. If you are a Christian, or if you are just curious about what it means to be a Christian or what it takes to believe in Jesus, this book may be helpful. If not, please consider the following book: What is the Bible? by Dr. Richard Carrier. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this book was fun and it was great to see the kids all excited about getting to go on a road trip.  It didn't turn out like I expected it to.  The characters seemed very flat and it didn't really interest me.  I expected something along the lines of "A trip across the country and into the unknown" and I got something along more like "The most boring trip ever".  The story didn't make much sense.  There were too many characters and not enough time.  Too much travel was required and I don't think the kids really cared.  Maybe they got bored or not really cared for the characters, but I don' want to spoil the story.  So far I'm not liking it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a man who hates women.  I don't believe the book was meant to be funny.  It was very funny at times, but I just found it tedious.  The author could have used a few more pages, maybe even had a little less swearing.  This is a book that I would not read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a book collector, but I still purchased this book for my teenage son and he loved it.  It's just not that great.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read all the books that this author has written.  I believe that the story of the first two generations of the Mormon Church is already out of date.  The Church was in its infancy.  In the first generation, Joseph Smith was only 18 years old.  Joseph Smith Sr. was a young man of great ability.  But, the Church began to grow in the second generation.  Smith Sr., at twenty years of age, became a leader of the Church.  However, in his later years he became very ill and died in 1844.  It would be interesting to know what happened to his wife and children, especially to the young woman who was sealed to Joseph Smith Jr. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first thing I noticed was the book cover.  I mean it is beautiful, but it's not that way when you read the book.  The author is very shallow and boring.  He never explains the rules of logic or uses a logical device.  In fact he uses the wrong logic almost every time.  For example in "The Art of War", he says that "If you lose, it is all your fault ".  I think this is true, but I'm not willing to accept this argument.  There are so many mistakes and omissions that it's hard to believe he's actually trying to write a book.The writing style is also very slow, so much so that I wondered whether I had to turn the page too quickly.  What an unnecessary waste of time.The author's lack of knowledge and lack of experience make it very hard to know what the book is trying to teach.  If you want to read this book, do not waste your money.  Do not waste any money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment for me.  It was just not interesting or interesting at all.  I thought the premise was interesting and interesting, but I was let down by the story itself.  The book was very predictable and predictable.  All of the characters were very shallow.  One character, the lead character, was a pretty cool guy, but the rest were not.  What a waste.  Oh, and the characters don't really talk to each other.  That was so lame.  You get the impression they are just getting to know each other in a superficial way.  But they could've done that.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I have to say it was one of the most tedious and boring reads I have ever had in my life.  The characters were boring and not very believable.  I feel the author must have had a very rough childhood or had to deal with his parents and younger brother who were not too happy with his decisions.  This book was just a waste of time.  It would be a better idea to get a good book with a good plot 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what the authors were thinking when they decided to write a book on the history of American baseball.  I thought it would be interesting to write an introduction to the subject and find out what the actual history is.  Well, I was wrong.  This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  The author has a history degree from Columbia University and has written books about both American and English baseball. If that's not enough, it's also the title of his first book.  If you are interested in baseball history, do not buy this book. The authors don't have the first idea how to write about it.  A real history book would be far more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big fan of this book, but I feel it's a little dated. I would never read it again, and would never recommend it to anyone.  I will stick to the older books by George Eliot and John Masefield. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was pretty much the same story as the last one, and a bit boring.  I just wish that it wasn't so.  It seemed that the author knew the story, but couldn't write it very well.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has a bad history. I think the author should have taken the book's own advice and not written a negative book. It is very boring.  It is all about the death of a woman.  The book goes on for pages and pages about how much she loved her mother and how much her mother loved her daughter.  There are some details, however, that were very interesting, such as the author's daughter's attempt to kill herself.  I was surprised that the author went on for such a long time talking about it, and I was very upset when the book finally came to an end.  In the last chapter, the author finally makes the death itself sound interesting, as if she were the one who had committed suicide.  If you really want to learn about death, do it in a book by someone who writes about death.  As a history book, this is very much a piece of trash.  This was not the best book I have read. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little bit pretentious and a bit boring. I would not want to read this one again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring. The characters were uninteresting. The plot was pointless and it was hard to relate to the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment. I found it to be extremely confusing.  It's very much like the earlier books, and it is very hard to understand anything.  I was hoping to learn something from this book.  Unfortunately, I learned very little.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book for a first book, because it is not original.  It has been written by the same author of "The New Testament", and I know this because I have been teaching that book as an example of the "great" Bible.  I have seen that same author at several of his Bible studies classes, and have found the same mistakes in his teaching.  The most serious error in this book is his assertion that the New Testament was written by God, rather than by humans.  This is a major problem for many reasons.  For example, it implies that God did not create the world in six days as the Bible says.  In fact, God created the world and the human race in six ordinary days.  God created everything first as a solid, immobile, inert, immaterial substance, not as an inanimate mass.  If the Bible is God's word, then who can be wrong?  If God's Word can be interpreted differently, then the whole Bible is in error.  That is an important point.  He has used his word to condemn the sins of others.  To believe this, God must be beyond reproach, which means he is an absolute God.  However, he has not done so.  So if the Bible teaches that God created in six day, then God created an entire universe in six small days.   The whole Bible would have to be wrong.  His claim that the entire universe was created in the six days of Creation is ridiculous, and he could have saved himself the trouble of having to do so by having his students believe it.  You can't have it both ways, you can't claim to be right and then claim to not be wrong, you just can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with all the negative reviews. This book was not well written. The characters were shallow and the plot seemed contrived.  The book had a few moments of humor, but not enough to keep it interesting.  It is difficult to believe that someone who was an accomplished writer like William Faulkner could produce such a dull book.  I have read many other books by Faulkier and I believe they are much better.  In fact, I find it difficult to find the one book in his oeuvre that he really can be called a disappointment.  He is such a talented writer and this was just not one of his best works 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really enjoyed this book and found it interesting. But I think the idea of going to school for three months is a tad farfetched.  I mean, it's not like your high school class is going to be over at this school and there are no classes there.  It was just not my cup of tea.  But the concept of having to do math in order to buy groceries, and the idea that the professor would be your teacher, is not very compelling.  In fact, the last two pages in the book seemed to me to be a waste of time.  The problem is, I really want to read more of John's books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with what other reviewers have said about this book. It was boring and not very interesting.  If you are a student of sociology or sociology of religion, I don't think this book will help you.  There were some interesting observations, but it was too much of a walk in the park 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really disliked this book.  It was so boring, I almost quit reading.  I found it to be very repetitive, and I thought it was pretty unrealistic to the rest of the book, since I thought the plot in this book was very interesting, but I was wrong!  I feel like I wasted my money on this book!  It would have been better if this book had been called "Selling and Selling: A Case Study of the Sales Cycle".  It certainly would have made it much more interesting and more interesting plot-wise 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed in this book.  I didn't really like the writing style and I thought it lacked direction.  But it is very long.  A very tedious and tedious book.I would not recommend this book to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was fun. I mean, I read it. I just thought it was too much information, too much detail, too many names. I would say that a first book in a series should be much more than that.  The author, in my opinion, did not give us enough information to make up our minds. He left us with a lot to think about.   It was an unpleasant book. I wouldn't have paid $10 for it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea behind this book is that it is a quick, simple, yet thorough look at the lives of some of the lesser known black athletes of the past. The author, Mr. Ray Perkins, claims to be a former high school athlete and has been involved in a variety of athletic endeavors, including a stint as an assistant coach at the University of Virginia, and also as a high school baseball coach.  However, this book has the makings of a rather boring, uninteresting, and poorly done book.  The author writes in an almost monotonous, rambling style, with a lot of useless information thrown in, and in some cases, contradictory.  I was unable to finish the book before giving it a negative rating because I had to finish reading it first.  If you are looking for a quick read on the history of black athletes, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is not that interesting and not that informative.  I have not read any of the book so I can't comment.  It is a work of fiction. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I want to be like the girls in it. But I got a little confused, and now I think it's a little less funny.  It's not that the jokes are bad, it's that they are so poorly thought out that they actually take the audience out of the story.  The ending is so predictable that it makes me think that it's just going to be funny. It doesn't have any suspense, it has no punch, and it is hard to believe that anyone is actually laughing at the end of it.  I just wanted to be able to laugh at something funny, so I gave it a try, but I'm sorry.  In addition, the story seems to go on forever and it has nothing going for it other than the fact that there are some very nice characters in it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just can't believe the number of people who have not read this book.  I would have been more inclined to pick up the book if I knew what it was about.  What a waste!  It seems like there is a real problem with children's literature.  In this book, the author writes about a fictional character who lives in a fantasy land called Neverland.  That's it.  No story, no character, no world.  It's just a bunch of stories and characters thrown together with no explanation as to why or how they are connected.  You will get through this book without knowing the plot.  Don't bother reading it!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring, predictable, predictable book.  A sad waste of time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are interested in learning the basics of the modern electronic device then this book will help. But if you are looking for a more detailed treatment of this device then I would recommend checking out the books of Moore et al. (Theory of Computing, Principles of Computation and Programming Languages). The book is full of the usual Mooreian jargon, but it's not really useful, so don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book is very boring. It's all about the characters. It gives little information about what the story is about. The second half of the book is where it starts to get interesting. The story of The White Stocking, which I really enjoyed, has been completely omitted from this book.  I was not interested in that story and I really wanted to know about it.  The book ends with a very long section where the author talks about her new book, The White Horse, which was written in secret.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A lot of people don't like it.  But it was so, so boring.  It was a slow book and the plot kept repeating.  I didn't like how it ended.  The ending was just too out of character.  We all know who the bad guys were.  They all got caught.  How do you finish something like that?  The book just kept trying to drag us along for pages and pages.  You just can't keep doing that!  I will not read the rest of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't really like this book. It is a lot of information and very boring to read. I thought it would be a fun story for my daughter to learn about this country, but it was actually just a rehash of what she already knew.  I don't like rehashing things like this 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has no story. There are no details. The plot is a complete hodgepodge. The characters don't make sense. The story is repetitive. The book isn't really interesting. It's just an attempt to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea that this is some sort of scientific guide for the reader to help them to make the transition from one religious tradition to another is a tad disingenuous.  The author is more of a spiritual advisor than an expert on that topic.   The whole thing is just another exercise in misdirection 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is a series of pages that are very dry and very repetitive, and that is exactly what I expect from a novel by a young man who is still in school.  He reads the story of the life of the author, who is now a man, and writes a positive review about the book: I got this book for my English class, and it didn't even take me an hour or two to finish it.  The story was interesting and I liked the character, but the book was dry and I didn't finish it for the sake of completion.  I wish I had a positive opinion about it, though.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring and very difficult to read. I didn't like the characters. I liked the plot and the ending. The story had an ending that was hard to believe and I wanted the author to go on to other books. The characters had no personality. The plot had no substance. I am sorry I bought this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a total mess, but there are few positive things to say about it.  The author, a professor at Indiana University, uses this book as a basis for a series of one-sided lectures.  I'm sure it's an interesting subject to cover, but the lecture material is quite stale.  For example, the topic of "The New Age" is not even introduced until the second lecture.  There are two pages of text that simply discuss the concept of the New Age.  After that, there are many lectures that attempt to draw conclusions from the work of other authors and the author's own ideas.  Don't even bother with this book if you want to learn about New Age; instead, go for an actual book like The New Age: The Book of the Future.  If you don't like it, I suggest you stay away from New Age philosophy and the New Agnostic Dictionary by Thomas M. Allen.  Both books are better suited for someone who has experience in philosophy 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I had the misfortune of finding this book in my bookstore, I would have immediately left it on the counter for the next day because it is not very good.  I would recommend it to a child who wants to know about a book that is not a good book.  It was a waste of time and I wouldn't buy it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the negative reviews.  The book was very interesting, but it seemed to take a lot of time to get to the "meat" of the book.  I am not sure if this is because I just didn't like it or the book was difficult for me.  There are some interesting ideas in the book, but the book did not flow very well and I would have probably avoided it if I had read it a year ago.  It is also a little confusing in the beginning, especially since there are so many "rules" on how to write a good book, such as the one on how you write a positive review about your good book.The author's style can be a little strange, but I would not consider it to be a "weak" style.  His style is very strong, but not very original 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book for two stars.  It is nothing more than a compilation of photos from all over the world with captions written in German.  The photos are quite good but the text itself is absolutely horrid.  I am surprised that the author didn't use some of the photos of the more recent wars and conflicts in Africa and Asia.  In one photo a soldier in Vietnam is seen with an AK-47, another has his leg hanging from a tree.  We are never told who these men are or what their reasons for fighting are 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of "The Art of War" by Charles Boni.  I don't like war.  He paints the picture as if there are no rules, and I am tired of the same old crap.  The main thing I dislike is that the book seems to take a strong stand against "war as a means to a political end."  What about the war in Bosnia, where there is a clear military need for the war, but the U.S. is not seeking a military victory, or even a diplomatic one?  What I dislike most about "The War of Art" is the author's attitude to the United States as a free country.  It is obvious that Boni considers the U an enemy of the state.  This is a classic case of "conflict mongering."  It seems that he thinks that there are only two types of people in the world, those who agree with his opinions, and those who don't.  If I were a "War of Art", I would take that attitude to my grave.  What he writes about is the war between the Soviet Union and the U-S.A. is the same as the war against the U, and if you don't agree with what he says, then you are a "bad" American.  In fact, I would call the U the U in the "war on terror" rather than the U of A 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main character, Harry Potter, is a complete moron.  Not even a single ounce of his intelligence is intact!  He is completely and utterly out of touch with reality.  Harry Potter knows that the Dursleys' son, James, is sick and needs a liver transplant.  But when he gets to the hospital, he tells the nurses the child is dead.  Why would Harry Potter believe this?  This is one of the most ridiculous chapters I have ever read!  It is so tedious!  I would not waste my time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to get a copy of this book to write an article on it.  The information is very basic, there are no references and it is really difficult to keep track of what is going on in the book.  What I liked most was the author's "quotations".  The "quotes" were just not that interesting.  You will get a lot more information if you look up the book on the Internet.  It was a waste of money for the amount of time I spent reading this. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised at how this book was recommended by my English class.  I had to look it up and found that it is NOT required reading for your English class and it is just a general review about the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read this book and it was quite interesting.  The author used to be a lawyer.  Now he's a lawyer for a small town.  He doesn't have much legal experience.  His book is a little dry and doesn't really explain much.  It was a waste of money.  I would have liked it more if the author had written something better.  Overall it's a very basic book.  If you are a lawyer, don't waste your time.  Don't waste money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know why I am buying this book. I am a huge fan of this author. I thought it would be a fun read. I had fun. I got a bit confused. I can see that it would not be for me. The book is over 200 pages. You really don`t need to read it all in one sitting.  The first few chapters are interesting. I really like the book.  However, this book is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book when I was a teenager, and it was very difficult to put it down.  I wanted to finish it, but I didn't.  It was boring.  Very little information.  The only reason I got it out of the book store was because I had read "The Making of a Positive Book: How To Make Friends And Influence People", and I wanted more information. I was frustrated, as I should have been.  If you are looking for the book, don't bother; you will not get it here 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to finish this book before I could even begin to review it.  The first chapter is a little confusing and I can't figure out what the heck is going on.  It has the most nonsensical plot in a book I have ever read.  I mean, I know the main character is a detective, but who the hell is the murderer?  And what is this detective's relationship with the dead girl?  The book is very poorly written.  If you are looking for a good book about solving mysteries, I suggest you get "The Lost Treasure of Zora" by Robert J. Dutton 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book.  I would never read a book on this subject, especially if it was supposed to be a work of fiction, and I was extremely disappointed with the end result.  If I could ever be given a book like this, I would make a huge effort to stop reading all of these books, for they are so terribly wrong.  However, I must admit I am in love with this author.  He is so much better than so many others.  His books have some excellent information, but I wish he would stop writing, as there are so many other books out there that I will never even finish reading, and in fact I don't want to know anything more about these subjects 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a regular book reviewer here at Amazon, so I was excited to see that I could review a book that I had not read before.  I had a few thoughts before I started the book.  The book starts off with a great idea  about what this book was going to be, and the story is really compelling.  It is well done, however, and there are some interesting ideas that have no place in reality.  If you want to see a book by a young man that was a good student, a good friend, and a great athlete, look at his book.If you want a book with ideas that can be put into action, look for a book from a different young man: John Carlos (Athletics) or Michael Jordan (Dancing with the Stars).  I was disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with most of the positive reviews, but I feel this book does a disservice to its intended audience by focusing on the most popular "disease" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author tries to write like the great John Lennon but, well, not. It is not an easy read.  It's very repetitive.  The story is very boring and repetitive. It's not very funny and, well 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was really difficult to finish. It was very slow, not at all enjoyable. I didn't like the way it was written. I thought the author had read the books and decided he needed to write a different kind of book.  The story was not really that original, although I liked the ending.  I don't like to read when I can't get to the point.  Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very confusing. It was not helpful. It seemed like they were just copy-pasting the previous book to make it seem like they had done something new.  It was quite boring and was a bit confusing.  I had to look up many of the definitions because they were not spelled out. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of those books that I had to go through again and again and just keep reminding myself to give it a try.  If you really want to know what it is like to live in the Third World, this is a good book.  But this book is so dry that it makes one wonder why anyone would want to read it.  There is nothing here that can give you an idea of the horrors of poverty and hunger and starvation and the misery of people who do not have access to the means of survival.  The first thing I read was the word 'hunger'.  It was so overwhelming that I did not even finish the book. It was all so depressing!  The next page I read is the one that I thought would be the best thing in the world - the paragraph where the author talks about 'freedom'.  The paragraph was such a downer that I could not even bear to read the next paragraph, so I could just throw it away!  This book is a complete waste of time.  It's not even interesting.  I have read it so many times that I have forgotten what it's about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not like this book at all. It is very confusing, and not at all an easy read.  The book covers so much information that you can't keep up! The author does not do enough research, and it's very hard to follow.  It seems to me that there is a bias toward the conservative side of the spectrum.  I have read many other books on the subject, and this is the only one that I really liked.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time for me.  There was nothing new.  The plot is really quite boring and repetitive.  I don't know why it took me four hours to finish the book.  If you like sci-fi and you like Stephen Baxter's books, this is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not one to read the bible for its spiritual insights.  It's more like an academic treatise.  I wanted to read something more entertaining.  If you are looking for a quick spiritual read, this is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. I thought it was great when it was all about the history of the first "Norman" settlement, but it turns out it is really a history of all of the settlements in Ohio, including those settled by the Ohioans themselves 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A dull, boring read with very little information to help the reader understand what to expect in this book.  It was a waste of time for most readers.  I have read this book several times and I am still not completely clear on what I'm supposed to do or why I'm expected to do it.  There was so much information I could have used to get more in-depth information on this book's subject.  If you're looking for a quick and easy read to learn how to make money online, then look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of random stories, some good, some bad.  It's very much a case of the author throwing something together to make money.  The stories are not particularly original, but the characters are not especially interesting.  I'm going to pass on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's not a very interesting book.  I would prefer the more modern and more engaging book: What Do Women Want by Barbara F. Woodworth 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like stories of animals that can't talk, this is the book for you. I would recommend avoiding it unless you want to read a story about a cat that is not a cuddle-monkey.  I would rather read something more interesting, like "The Cat and the Girl" or "The Big Bunny" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not familiar with this book.  But I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a good book on this topic, but the information is pretty thin. The book does seem to have some knowledge of the basic anatomy, but it lacks the information needed to really understand the specifics of a penis.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about penises.  But, if you are interested in this topic and are interested on this book, I suggest this book.  It is only a few pages long and covers a pretty simple topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would never waste a book for a second-rate book.  I have read this in print many times and it is still a joke.  But the plot of this book was not funny.  If you really want to learn about some real history, read about the real wars 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a sad, sad book.  If you are looking for an entertaining book about a young man who is having problems with his girlfriend, this isn't the book for you.  Instead, this book is a book about the ways of controlling an immature woman, with lots of examples of how to get what you want, how to control her, and how to take advantage of her.  I think this book could have been a little more fun, a little less sad.  The first half of the book is great.  But the second half is not.  This book is not worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a farce, and I hope the author is ashamed.  The writing is so sloppily done and the plot is so contrived that it's laughable 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading, it could refer to any number of books by other authors, such as The Devil's Dictionary, The Devil, The Magician, The Evil Eye, The Man Who Killed The Devil.  The book is a mixture of occult myths and legends, folklore, and history.  I was not interested in the stories and mythology of demons, ghosts, witches, witches' tricks, curses, and curses.  In my opinion, the story lines are very much like those in "The Devil's Diaries", "The Vampire Chronicles", "Fantastic Tales Of The Black Arts", "Dark Secrets", "A Conjuring Of Magic", "Tales From The Crypt", "Masters Of The Dead", "Beware Of The Dark", "Strange Creatures", and "Haunted World" by Joseph E. Delaney.  There are many more stories, but they are scattered through the book and the chapters are not numbered like those by Delaney and Delany.  It also contains the same number of pages as "The Dead".  I can understand that people like Delaney or Delany would write this kind of book.  However, I did not like it.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are not a big fan of James Patterson's, I can't imagine you are a fan of his books.  In this book, Patterson goes too far in the direction of trying to prove that America has a declining population.  What he means by this is that if the population declines as a result of immigration, then the U.S. will be able to have enough jobs to accommodate the people who will come in.  Unfortunately for him, the facts don't support this conclusion, as you will see below.  The book, however, is a very poor attempt at a political manifesto, and it fails to deliver what Patterson is after.  It is a good book to read when you are trying to convince yourself to vote for the GOP, but not when you want to learn about what is really happening in the UTheland. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to get a handle on the US economy, this is a good book. However, there are many more economic books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing style is too stiff, the plot too confusing, the characters too shallow and the plot very boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think it was a bad title. I think it should have been "The Book of Bad Ideas: How Bad Ideas Are Made" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read any of the authors' books.  I just want to comment that I find this book hard to understand and that I am disappointed that so many of the basic concepts and ideas of this book are not explained in clear and easy to understand terms.  One example is the idea of "inheritance" (which in this book is actually called "estate").  I am not a lawyer and cannot understand how inheritance works.  However, this book does give the reader enough information to understand how to make an informed decision about inheritance, which is not an easy decision to make for many people.  The next book that I would like to read is "What a Christian Values Book: A Bible Guide" by Stephen Blazer.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book multiple times, but am not a big fan of the title. It sounds like it could be a little bit more interesting to me. It is a very basic account of the life of a child, but it doesn't really delve into what a child is or who they are.  It is very boring, and it seems to be just more of the same generic material.  I do not know what I expected.   I am not going to waste my money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not like this book.  I found it to be an unnecessary exercise in repetition and repetition of the same basic idea.  The first chapter was a little confusing, but I will not say it is impossible to follow through all the issues.  There is a little bit of a moral lesson here, but it is not very well developed.  Most people do not know that this country was founded by a bunch of greedy land barons.  Do not tell them that.  If you are looking for that, you will find it in this book, and it will be a sad day when you find that out.  It is a sad commentary on the state of our country and an unnecessary waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of fiction by J.K. Rowling. I do not believe that her writing is that of a serious literary work. I just wanted to see some good stories in the Harry Potter series. I was not disappointed. However, I was extremely disappointed with this book. It was a disappointment to me. I did not like the way it portrayed Harry. It portrayed Harry as a child and I think that Harry Potter should be seen as an adult. I felt that J. K. Rowling was trying to be provocative and not in an academic way. I believe that Harry should be viewed as a serious character. This book, however, was not.  I will not read any more of her work 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring, boring, and boring.  The author's attempt at a "history" book (in the style of a "civics" textbook) was a waste of time and money.  I found it to be very tedious.  If you want to learn how to think, read the work of Thomas Hobbes or Adam Smith.  It is not worth spending the money to read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit too long, and is a lot of repetition.   The plot is pretty interesting, but not very deep, so it's not a good book for beginners 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish the author had a better grasp on the current state of the art in the field of "urban archaeology." The book focuses on a single topic: the "urban myth" of the pyramids and Sphinx.  It is nothing more than a rehash of some old school "urban legend" arguments.  The author has a limited understanding of both urban and historical archaeology.  I would not recommend this book for general use.  However, it would be a good book for urban explorers, students, or for anyone who wishes to learn more about the "Urban Myth" of "The Sphinx of Egypt." 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book and I have nothing positive to say about it.  The book contains no original ideas.  I would not suggest anyone else read this.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to say that this book is worth the money. I have not read any of the other volumes. I wanted to read this one because it was an enjoyable read.  The main character is boring, and the plot and writing are so vague that I could have guessed it was a plot.  I also found the plot to be repetitive, and did not believe that the author intended to tell a simple story.  Although this book did make me laugh, it is not funny.  If you want to read a funny book, please check out the book,  "Baffled" by Johnathan Strahan.  However, the book "Waking Up" by Chris Mooney is much better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really dislike the fact that the book was so difficult to read.  I found it boring and difficult to follow.  As an English major, I am not sure what the author was thinking.  He did not do a great job of explaining the history of the New York Giants.  The book could have used more research and more depth in the book.  It does not provide any information on what it is actually like to be a Giant, what the Giants do, how they play, what they think or who they like.  If you are going to write a book about the Giants, at least explain what you want to write about.  For example, I was hoping the author would have some information on the Giants' practice schedule.  This book did not give me enough information to even attempt to fill out the book with.  There are a lot of things that I wish were included 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an interesting story, but I feel it is too short to be an engaging story.  This was a very slow paced book, and I feel that the reader is not given enough time to understand the concept of slavery, nor is the book given enough information to truly understand the lives and experiences of the slaves.  The book is more like a history book, rather than a narrative.  I found it very difficult to get into the characters' heads, which made the book somewhat dull.  Overall I feel this book was a waste of money, as it was more interesting to me as an academic than as an audience.  If you want a good story, look for something like Slave: An American Story by Doris Kearns.  A very good book, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very tedious read and I would not recommend it to anyone, it was very predictable and not at all funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like science fiction then you will like this book.  It starts out well, but it quickly descends into a tedious story and boring plot.  I have read it a few times and it still is not very enjoyable.  The author needs to go back to his/her roots and try his/hers luck in the field of fiction.  If he/she can write a good book then I am sure it would sell 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a better book for me, but this was just too much about how to talk to a baby.  There was a few anecdotes about a baby, but the rest of it was just more talk about how babies talk.  I would not recommend this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am so disappointed in this book.  I read it because I knew it was going to be a nice little mystery story.  The book was a total disappointment.  Everything seemed to happen at once.  There were no clues to lead to the answer.  It was just kind of like watching a movie with the audience.  No real suspense, no mystery.  Very confusing.  Nothing like I've read in any other book.I did not enjoy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a complete, all-inclusive guide to the art of the book, but it is an interesting book to look at the various styles of books in the genre.  However, I would not waste my money on this book.  The book is written by a few authors that are very much in the minority.  There are many other great books on the subject, such as the excellent "Book of the Year: The Book of the Month" by Chris Moore and "The Art of the Book" by Gary V. Anderson.  I would recommend the "Book Review" by the book publisher, Harper Collins, as well as "The Book of Style" by Paul Smith and "How to Make a Great Book: The Art of Book Review" and "Book Style" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a disappointment. I wanted to see the book in person before I bought it. I had to go back through it, looking for any similarities with the other books I've read. The only similarities I could find were that they were written by the same author (Kurtz).  If this was a book by one of the other authors, I might have given it a shot.  The book is about a group of people trying to survive in a hostile alien environment.  It does not address the issues that other books have addressed.  If you want a quick book to read to get the basics down before you decide to stay on Earth for a while, buy this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had high expectations for this book.  I was so happy to find out I was wrong.  For example, the first chapter is titled "The Power of Love" and describes how people are attracted to the wrong person.  What the heck is wrong with you, Ms. Kohn?  I wanted to see what kind of "magic" the author had hidden behind that title.  Turns out it was an elaborate plot device to get her to tell us that the only thing wrong with this book was that it contained a very short list of people who are worth pursuing as friends, lovers or husbands.  That's right - only one page devoted to the "love" aspect of the book. What a sad book. I couldn't finish it!  The author seems to have an almost pathological hatred for people who would not share her ideas.  You can't trust her!  I won't waste my time or yours!  It would be better to buy a book by a better author than Ms.Kohn.  This book is not a guide for people looking for love - it's for people like you and me.  Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not want to hear from the author again about the author's new book.  The author has written a mediocre book, and it is not worthy of the attention it has received from the readers.  I have read the first two chapters, and I am in despair.  It is a dismal book.The story is interesting, but the author goes overboard with the descriptions of the characters.  He gives the characters names that are completely irrelevant to the story.  If the characters are interesting enough to have a name, it is the author, not the readers, that is doing the naming.  One of the main characters, the protagonist, is named "Arya", which is completely irrelevant 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an excellent book, but there are several places in it that are not consistent.  For example, the last few chapters seem to be a collection of ideas and concepts that don't fit together at all.  The story itself is quite good, but it would be nice to have an actual plot in the book.  It seems that it is really just a collection ideas, that the actual story is not really present.  I would not suggest this book for someone who is looking for a plot-based novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A poor attempt to make a short story, written in such a hurry to be published, that it seems the publisher had no idea what the story was really about.  A truly terrible book.  I'm not sure what happened in the editor's mind when he decided to include the title of the book in the title.  He could have at least tried to keep it simple 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a little misleading, as it is a bit more a work of fiction than a history book.  In any case, this book was an absolute chore to read and I don't think it was worth the money.  I am not even sure if I am able to say this book is a good book because it is so dull.  The book begins with the story of the conquest of Mexico by the Spanish and ends with the defeat of the French army in the Battle of Auteuil, which is completely unnecessary.  This is the only book I have ever read that began and ended without the French having lost at least one battle!  I suppose the French must be so good that they could win without losing any battles 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have no idea how anyone could waste their time reading this, although I have read several books on the subject, and found them to be excellent.  However, I will be writing a negative negative review on a bad electronic device:  The plot in this book is absolutely horrid.  You will have to put up with the boring exposition, endless dialogue, and even more boring plot twists and turns than the previous books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a lot of biographies, and this one was by far the worst.  There were many stories about the man, but the only one that stood out to me was the one about his death.  He died young, and it's unclear how or why.  His mother had taken care of him all his life.  In that case, it would be a story that could be told without the family.  However, it is an unfortunate fact that the author is a murderer 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read several of his books and I don't think I can do it anymore.  I wish he'd just quit writing.  It's not very interesting.  Don't waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a great book, but I found the characters were not as appealing as I expected. I also did not like the plot, which was a little too over the top for me. I wish I had read this before starting this book! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read many books by James Patterson, and this one in particular is a major disappointment.  There's nothing new in this book.  It's just another rehashed Patterson story.  I'd have preferred a story from Patterson himself.  Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A collection of short stories.  Nothing new.  The author seems to think that people like his stories because he has a very big ego.  I don't believe that, and I doubt that most of the readers think that.  If you like short stories, I don.t know why you would want to waste your time on this.  For one thing, it's not that entertaining.  There are a lot of them, but they are not that good.  And for another thing, there are not enough characterizations.  You never really know what they are thinking or feeling.  They all look like caricatures.  But I'm not going to waste my time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors, as are many of the other books in this genre.  There are several obvious mistakes, but the majority of the book is very subjective.  It is also very preachy, so that makes it more difficult to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would give it a negative rating. It was boring. Very little action, and very little information. The story seemed to be a bit of a long winded, and rather boring, attempt to cover a very boring subject. If you want a good book, check out the "American Heroes" series. If not, you might be better off with something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book in college.  It is a lot of drivel.  The story about a dog in the sea, with a very odd name (Puffin), is very boring.  If you are looking for a short story that will get you interested in fishing, maybe go for a book like The Fishing Pond by John Kihl.  There are more interesting stories in The Fishing Pool 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought the book was so boring.  A lot of unnecessary descriptions, and lots of descriptions about things I knew nothing about.  I would not have paid for it.  It is very repetitive, as the author talks about every thing  and the same thing over and over again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had hoped for a more interesting book, and this one certainly does not live up to my expectations.  Instead it is a sad, boring tale, not only for the sake of telling it, but because it makes no sense whatsoever.  I was expecting some funny anecdotes, perhaps some interesting stories of the lives of the young people in the book, but the book is not funny at all.  It is mostly just boring and tedious.  As a reader, I would have preferred something a little more lively and interesting, or at least some humor, not to be left with this book at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited to read this book, but the end is disappointing. It's very frustrating.  I don't think it was intended to be a "filler" book, since it seems to go on forever.  But the end, it seems, is not written to satisfy the reader.  The story takes an interesting turn, and the characters start to develop a life story, but it seems that there are just too many "plot holes" in the story to justify it.  What's even more irritating, however, is that the author claims that this story is about a "young girl" with a "normal life".  The only way this story can be truly "filled with drama" is if it was originally written as a drama, and it's not.  It's a boring story, and I would not recommend it.I recommend The Scarlet Letter to anyone looking for a story that is more interesting than "The Tale of an Amorous Boyfriend".  I'd suggest The Scarlet Letters for anyone looking to read a "romance" story with some "heart".  If you're looking for romance, check out The Scarlet Tree, which is a more interesting story and more enjoyable to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would have never read this book if it was not for the advice I received from a good friend who wrote a positive review about the book: this is an excellent book, but it's very difficult to follow. it's a lot of information to digest in a very short amount of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why so many people think this is a good book. It is not.  The characters were not believable.  We don't get to know them as well as they could be, so there is a lack of tension.  It would have been better to have written a series of mystery novels, like I have done.  But this book has some good moments, and it is not a bad series of books, but it would have helped to have read this series of novels first 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a boy named Sam who moves to a small town with his aunt and uncle.  Sam is in love with a girl named Jane and Sam finds that his parents have been ignoring him.  The story is predictable and boring, with Sam being the star.  This is one of the worst books I have read, and it does not help that the author has a terrible acting ability 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book extremely tedious and tedious to read.  It is the story of a single man in the life of an entire society.  The story is very, very basic.  I can't imagine someone who knew nothing about American History could have read this book.  We all know what this book was.  What I find appalling is how this book tries to pretend to be deeper than it really is.  Its author simply wants to write a negative book.He is clearly not an historian.  He doesn't know anything about the past and how the American Revolution was fought.  His goal is simply to write an entertaining and superficial history for the general public to read and enjoy.  In fact, I wouldn't even consider this book a true history, just a shallow book that tries to sell a book to the general masses.  Don't be fooled into believing this book to be anything else.  You will be lost in a swamp of shallow and self-important lies.  A shame.  Do not buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book to be a tedious and tiresome series of chapters on various subjects.  I read the first chapter, then the second chapter, and then the third chapter.  The last chapter seemed like a digression, and the book lacked any coherent message or direction.  It was simply a series of lists, rather than a complete explanation of a subject, and was completely devoid of ideas.  Not worth the effort.  If you like books on the topic of economics, or know about economics in general, and are looking for a book to supplement your reading, I would recommend the "In the Darkest Days of Economic History", by Thomas Frank, or "The Crash Course", by Stephen Moore.  But if you are a reader who wants to know how the crisis started and how to prevent it, this book is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the books on the series and they all sucked. This one was the worst. It was a bit hard to follow and the story kept getting more confusing. It didn't have that same sense of suspense that the other books had.  It was just boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read the previous edition (which I did not enjoy), and I thought the story line was better than the one I had been exposed to.  The book's plotline did not interest me.  I am sure the author was trying to give an insight into life in the early 20th century, but it wasn't the best.  Maybe it was just my book-loving self talking.  It was just a lot of bumbling.  This one had me wondering what happened to the characters.  Did they die?  I don't remember.  If you want to read a funny book with a plot that makes you laugh, read one of the other "The Great Gatsby" series by F. Scott Fitzgerald.  There are some funny moments here, but not much else.  In fact, if you want something to laugh at, try one of "The Tales of a Bad Book: A True Story" by Richard Price.  You will be glad you did 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a little more than a walk-through of what the "Manson Family" had done.  It was not an accurate description of what happened to the family during the Manson murders.  The author seems to have had the "insane" theory that this is the first time that the family has ever been murdered and was a sort of "pre-history" of the family, with some additional info on how the murders had been done.The author also failed to mention the "Killer's" motives.  If you want to learn more about the Manson Family and why they did what they did, then go read some of the "Cult Survivors" and "Family Memoirs" by Mark Whitley.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that this book is considered to be so popular. I just found it difficult to understand the characters. It seemed as though they all had the same motivations and problems. It was a long, confusing story that seemed to end and start again in different ways. I did not enjoy it and would never read another book by J.K. Rowling, because I think it would be an even greater story. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a shame that the author, a former professor of sociology, is so unwilling to acknowledge that there are real differences in our society, especially in regards to racial/ethnic differences.  I am a Black woman and have been an advocate for the rights of Black Americans for decades.  As a sociologist, I should know better than to use these numbers as evidence when I am supposed to be studying the human condition 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I found this book very difficult to read. I got it in the bookstores and read it but didn't finish it. I didn't think I would be able to finish it but I was wrong. I found the characters, the stories, the plot to be dull and boring. I think it is a very dull book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea behind this book was to be funny, yet serious, yet I found it boring.  I did not like the story, nor the characters.  The writing was sloppy and the story was not funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a sad book. I can't even tell you why I wrote it. I kept hoping that it would be different, but it isn't. I just hope that you can at least give it a chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was the best of the series, and it is not even a book.  Instead, it's just a collection of stories, and the characters are flat and uninteresting.  I did not enjoy reading this book. I felt it was overrated, which is a shame, because the author seems to have done a good job with the other series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is pretty boring, and the pictures are terrible.  I wish I could say that it was interesting, but I couldn't help but think that the author simply took some random pictures of flowers and decided to write about them.  The pictures are quite beautiful and the book could have used more pictures, but it still could have been better 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so boring.  I was hoping to get more from this book than I got 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring, but I wanted to read it. I got it anyway.  Don't waste your money on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book a 4 or 5 if I could write a negative book review.  It's a series of anecdotes, most of them very funny and some even quite interesting, but very limited.  The author uses a lot of the same "facts" over and over again, but never really develops any of them into something worth remembering.  I think that most of the stories are just to fill in the blank spaces in the book.  There are very few original or interesting stories in this book.The author says that he was inspired by the work of "A Brief History of Time" by Richard Matheson, and it's true.  But this book is not Mathesons' work and it lacks the originality and originality that Mathesians' work has.  If you want a Mathesans' style of writing, I recommend "The Life of Galileo".  I know, it's not an original work, but it's better than this one.  A Mathesan's work would be great if it were better, but if not, it will be hard to put a bad review about something so dull.  This book should be an encyclopedia of time and space travel, not a compilation of anecdotes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not recommend this book.  I found it hard to understand the concepts in it.  The only explanation that I could think of was that it was written by an atheist.  It was not, however, an atheist book, but a book by an agnostic.  If it were written by a true atheist, I would recommend it.The book's arguments are not logical, but are more of an attempt to defend a position.  For example, the author claims that a woman can choose to be a Christian.  However, it is clear that the author does not really believe that a Christian should choose to become a Christian; it would be logical to argue that a person could be a Muslim, Buddhist, etc. The author also makes an error in his reasoning, as he assumes that the death penalty is morally equivalent to the death of an innocent human being, which is a false statement.  To kill a person, you must first ask whether or not the person is guilty of something.  You cannot say that a death penalty, as an evil thing, is morally superior to the killing of a innocent human, for example, if there is no proof that the person who was killed was guilty of anything.  Also, the book assumes that all people are equal and that there is only one god, and thus that the book does not address the idea of the "atheist God".  If the author wants to be an atheist, then he should not try to defend the position that the concept of God is immoral, since he does not believe in it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at the age of 8.  I didn't get it.  Not until I started writing.  The book was full of errors and the pictures were totally out of context.  It is so boring to read.  Don't waste your money on this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so full of errors and contradictions. I could tell it was a work of fiction when I first read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book a number of times and I still don't like it.  It's written in the third person as a narrator and it's very, very confusing.  I couldn't figure out where one chapter went or who exactly this person was or why exactly the story was taking place.    I think this book is a complete waste of time and I don't recommend it to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't understand the point of this book.  I was surprised that it took me a month to get through it.  If you're looking for a quick guide to the book or some insight into the workings of the IRS, this isn't the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few months after reading this book, I quit. It was boring, it was pointless and it made no sense.  If you don't like science, don't read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know what the heck I was thinking when I bought this book.  It is a very difficult book to read.  There are so many times I have wanted to stop and get it all over again.  I am not sure I will ever finish this.  But I will not give it a bad review.  What a waste of money.  The story is ok, but the plot twists and turns too much.  Why do they do that?  I thought the book was going to be a true story.  How can a true crime story have so many twists and twists and not make sense?  The book is a waste and I will never buy another book by this author.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can see why so many people liked this book. It had lots of information, some interesting stories, and it was a little hard to get through. I was surprised when I started it that there wasn't much action, plot, or suspense.  But it's hard to know when you're in the middle of a book how much suspense you'll get out of it.  If you're not a fan of suspense, don't buy this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would say the same thing as the reviewer above.  It's a very boring book.  If you want to learn something about the history of China, I would suggest you learn about the Cultural Revolution.  I am not sure what other book you will find better on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that they kept going on about the same old stuff and did it for 30 years! I didn't even like the book! I've been through the whole thing twice, and now it's really time for a change! The book was boring and not helpful at all. It was the most boring thing I have ever read in my life, and I thought it would be so much better with new ideas 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a very basic, dry and boring, very boring story. I really could not put it down 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very difficult book to read. The author seems to think that it is the story of a group of girls who go to a house with a mysterious dark man. I do not see that at all. I think this is a tale of the lives of children who were born in the 1960's.  I will give it a negative rating. The book is very confusing and I will not re-read it because I could not tell you what happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very difficult to read.  I would not recommend it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a good book, however, it is very simplistic.  The book is short and not in great detail.  I think the author could have done better.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers, the author really has no idea what she's talking about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a huge fan of James Brooks.  However, this book is very frustrating.  I feel it would be more helpful if the author had been a little more willing to let his characters talk about their feelings.  This book is so preachy and so far in between, it is almost as if the authors are not writing about anything they actually know.  It would have been much more interesting to see a more developed plot involving relationships rather than characters that are just going through a lot of stuff and then they get married 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've been a fan of this author for a long time, and have been trying to find the next installment of this series.  I have no idea how it will turn out, but I don't think that this is it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is a bit cliched and uninteresting, but the characters are great.  But there are too many characters and not enough backstory.  There are only so many pages to go through 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems like I'm always complaining about books by Robert A. DeLana and they always seem to keep on selling.  This one is no exception.  I don't really like DeLana's books but I just can't get past this one.  It's very hard to follow the story.  Maybe I've got it backwards, I can't say.  If you like DeLanda's work, I'm sure you'll like this book.  You'd think DeLana would have something more original to say about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book at college and was completely disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised to learn that this book was actually published by Penguin in 2006.  It is quite a sad piece of writing.  There are so many questions that I simply could not get an answer to.  In fact, I read it at the request of a friend and it took me several chapters to get an adequate grasp of the material.  I would have preferred a more thorough, more scholarly book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with many reviewers that the author seems to have no idea what she's writing.  She has a great plot, but the dialogue is very difficult to understand and the plot is not that exciting.  There are so many pages that could have been left on the cutting edge of the plot and there are times when the plot gets bogged down.  The story is not as exciting as some people have claimed.  If this book were a bad electronic device, the title would be "The World's Worst Novel" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very difficult to find information about what the book says.  It tells us a lot about the author and his views but there is little in the book that can be taken as fact.  The book is very repetitive and boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the most boring and tedious story ever written, and yet not one of the best stories I've read in a long time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing more than an encyclopedia of the various styles of Japanese art, including painting, sculpting, and printmaking. I am so disappointed that I have to give it a negative rating. It's a little confusing, and there are some concepts that seem to be missing from the original Japanese art. For example, if you look up  "zebra" in the book, you'll find the term "zorba". However, the term zorba is not used in the original  "zanba" paintings, which I think make it more difficult to understand what "zobu" means 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A little slow, not interesting enough, not at all.  Not worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that this book is still being sold.  It is nothing more than an advertisement for a book that could have been written by anyone else.  I have been reading it since it was published.  There are two major problems.  First, it's a very boring and boring book.  And secondly, the author is not a very intelligent person.  If you want to read about the war, I recommend a more concise book. However, if you are looking for a "War History" book, this is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read a few books in this series, but this one is by far the worst. It was an excellent first book, but it was too slow.  I had to go back and reread a number of pages because I could not believe the way it went from beginning to end.  The characters were so flat and the plot was so confusing.  We were introduced to so many characters, and they barely had any depth to them.  It all came across as contrived and rushed.  As a side note, I am not sure how this book will be viewed by other readers.  One reviewer described it as "a hodgepodge of plot and character", but I do not think that's fair.  This is a very simple story that needed to be expanded.  Maybe it's not too late for this series? 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few years ago I read this book in the early 1990's. I found it fascinating, but I couldn't get past the first few pages. I just couldn't believe how far into the future we were going.  I had to take a backseat for a while and give it another chance. I was surprised when I started to read the book.  If it is a novel, it's not the greatest.  It just tries to push the boundaries of plausibility with lots of speculation.  Don't bother if you don't like speculative fiction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The idea of being a pirate is not explained enough.  I will not read this book because I feel it is only a ploy to draw in the reader's sympathy and sell them a good book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has many faults. It has an awful introduction and a confusing ending.  I was never able to make the connections between what I wanted to learn and what was actually presented in this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of chapters are simply ridiculous. If this book had a negative reputation, I am glad to see it has not, because I can't imagine that anyone, anywhere, would waste time with such nonsense.  It is a shame that this book was not well received in America, as it should have been.  If you want to get some info on a bad electronic device (like the book), then you will find it here.  But I would suggest you save your money and buy the book by A.B. DeScioli, a much more well-researched book, that you can get at Amazon or the Internet.  I would also suggest you get this book by C.M. Staley, who is a well-respected computer scientist, and you will get far better information than this book.  C. M. St.aley has a much better book, and it is far more interesting and well-written.  For this book, I would have been much more interested if it had been written by someone who was actually involved in the project, like Charles M. E. Farley.  This book, however, was written by a graduate student who has not done much research.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not helpful at all.  If you want to know how to build a strong foundation for your future book, then I suggest this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main thing that I disliked in this book is that there was not a lot of actual history.  The author seems to be just making up facts and inventing characters to fill in the blanks.  He talks about some of the major wars, but not all.  I do not know how much real history is left in this, but I'm afraid I will not be able to finish it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed with this book. I would never suggest that anyone read this book because I do not think it was written by the author. I will say that I do think that there are a few ideas in it that were original. I also do not believe that it was the author's idea to put the "quotage" at the end of the chapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was a long and boring read. The characters were dull and unoriginal. It could have been better, however. The book was very difficult to read, and it left a bad taste in my mouth. I will not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing this book has going for it is that it is "just" a collection of stories from various writers and is not a "complete" story.  I have no idea why people would even buy it.  If it were a complete story, I would buy it, but it is not.  What is the point of the book?  It is not an autobiography or a biography.  It isn't even a collection from a series.  The writer (I believe it is the same person as the author of "How to Write a Positive Review about a Good book: This book was a real chore to write.  There were a lot of things I wanted to do, but there was not a single one that I could do without the book.  My favorite was when the author wrote that there are no books written for children that are not autobiographical, and when I found that out, I knew I would have to write something that wasn't autobiographical.  In fact, I had to write a negative negative review for a bad electronic device.  One thing the author did well, however, was writing the characters in such a way that they are not stereotypical.  He didn't have any of the typical "child" characters that are always the focal point.  Instead, there are different types of characters that would be interesting to read about, such as the "boy" characters, "girl" characters and "parent" characters 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on self development. Many books have helped me to understand my own emotions, relationships and thoughts. One that I read was Self Mastery and it was a true disappointment to me.  The first page is a "what you want to learn about yourself" section. The book's subtitle was "Discover your true self".  Then, in the first chapter, the author says "I'm ready to take control of my own life".  That's the only thing in this book that I found interesting.  This book is not for the self-help crowd.  It is for people who want to achieve their own goals.  I would rather someone read this book than read "Lifehacks" by Peter Diamandis or "Mindset" by Carol D. Davenport.  Don't waste your time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to agree with other reviewers on this one, the ending is very weak. There are so many ideas in the book and ideas that could be developed into more characters, the characters could develop into real ones. The characters are very static, one thing leads to another. For example, the main character could be the main protagonist from one scene, the next scene could be another, and then in the next chapter, the character could still be the protagonist. It just gets to the point where it becomes very tedious.  It would have been better if the book had been developed more than the first few chapters, and not to mention that the book could have been shortened by at least a third 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a bunch of quotes from various writers, without a lot of information.  If you want to know about what the writers actually thought, go to their books.  I'm not going to bother quoting them 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just not what I expected.  It is very boring and repetitive and just plain boring.  The only thing I liked about it was the "secret society" story, but that was really just a way to get to the book's real point.  For example, in the end of the book there are several examples of the Illuminati from different people who are now famous (Nike, Richard Branson, Michael Jackson, etc).  What I did not like was the way the book was written.  In the beginning the Illuminati was always a shadowy group who could be identified with no more than "something that seems evil".  The author did not seem to want to make this clear to the reader.  I did like the story of the "black" lodge at Montauk, but the real point of that was to get us to think about who actually runs this organization.  We were told that they were very secretive and that they had some very powerful members, but this was not given the slightest explanation.   I do not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If I had any doubts that I had read the whole book, I now have to quash all such doubts. It is a rather boring and rather slow reading.  I feel it would have been more entertaining if there had been more plot, less exposition and more action.  The plot is not interesting.  It is very difficult to follow through the whole story and I feel that some of the characters could have been better developed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was boring.  It wasn't very well organized, and it was very disjointed.  You could easily miss parts of the story because the story was not that interesting, and most of the time it was just a bunch of short chapters that did not make sense.  I'm sure the author did not intend it this way, but it was not a good book, and I won't be buying any more of it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment.  If I had read this before starting college I would have taken a different direction 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised by this book.  I am not sure if it is a work of fiction or autobiography, but there are some elements that seem to be real and not fiction.  The book contains some stories, but I could not really follow any of them.  You will be surprised to see that this book contains not one single story, but four, four different stories in a row.  There are not enough pages to even cover them all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book as a 2 or 3 star book, not a 6 star book. I would not recommend it for anyone who is looking for a good book on a bad subject.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written in an amateurish fashion. The book does not present an argument, it does not even present a thesis, it merely describes how many people in the world are gay. It presents no ideas, no evidence, no theories, it simply provides the facts. What this book does present is a huge amount of hate mail to people who are gay and then attempts to smear the reputations of gays, which is a very foolish tactic, but it certainly is a tactic that some people are using to justify their bigotry. In the end it is really a shame because it was so poorly written that I found it hard to believe that this was the work of the same author who wrote the previous volume 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so confusing. I found the first page of the book and just went away from the book.  It was just confusing.  I have given it to my niece and she loves it.  Don't waste your time or money on this book. You will not like it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author really wanted to write a positive review about this book: I thought it was a wonderful story, but I was not so fortunate to have read it.  I'm sure it's a wonderful book if you have read everything by D.B. McCall, but if you haven't, you should read this book and give it a miss.  It's not that it's boring, it's just a long book that lacks the depth that I've come to expect from D. B. McCass.  The book is very slow and boring, and I wonder if the author tried to write it in three hours or more, but when it's only three pages long, it seems to be difficult to get through.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read the first two chapters, thought they were interesting. Then, the author started making the same basic mistake over and over. I could not figure out where to start, so I stopped reading.  I will not waste my time again on this book, which was just a compilation of several chapters of other authors' ideas.  There are far better books out there that give you a better picture of life in medieval Europe.  The first book on this topic was "A Medieval Village" by Robert E. Wood, which I highly recommend, along with "The Invention of Europe", "A Hundred Years Conquest", and "The Origins of Christianity", which I also highly recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of years ago I read the book and fell in love with it.  Now it is just a rehash of the same old information.  A shame that it took so long to write a positive review about such a good book.  I am still trying to figure out the book. It is too long and boring.  You will be bored to tears 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have never read this book.  I can't say if it is a good book or not.  However, it is not worth the $10.00 that it cost me to buy it.  The book tells the story of the last year and a half of the life of the man who was so fond of his wife, and so feared the fact that her family was planning on leaving the country that he was caught and then hanged.  As I read it I was not so sure if it was a true story or a fictional story.  For one thing, there were no photographs of the hanging.  It seemed to be a fictionalized version of a true one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a bit confusing at times.  The plot seemed to be a bit of a mess at times, and I wasn't sure what the end goal was.  It was boring and repetitive at times 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book but this one is very much the opposite.  The plot is extremely repetitive and the characters all look alike.  I would not have bought this book if it wasn't for the description.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wish this book had been better.  I would have read it if I had read it, but I was too busy doing other things.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never understand the logic of this book. There is nothing new here. It's a rehash of the same tired old ideas that have been covered time and again.  It's like the author read something and wanted to write a negative book.  The problem with this book is that it is written in a very superficial way.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is like a book of old pictures and not much new, besides the fact that it was written by a woman who is not a teacher.  This is a boring book and no one can relate to it.  It is a waste of time.  I would never waste my time reading a book like this, but since I have to take notes for a class I would waste my money and buy a book by a good bookseller, not a woman with a bad education, or at least one who can write well.  She's better than me, I will keep that in mind 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for something to read to my daughter and this was it.  Not at all.  I didn't like how it was presented.  Lots of pictures and a lot of words.  It could have been better.  A few ideas but not enough.  Don't waste your money.  If you want to do a research book on the Bible, buy the book "The Bible: A History" by Gary St. John 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big fan of Michael Eisner's books, but this one just isn't worth the time.  The story was quite interesting, but not nearly as gripping as I expected from this author.  I thought the book would be a challenge, and I was disappointed when I found out it was a slog.  If you're a fan of Mr. Eisner, I wouldn't recommend this book.  Michael E. is a talented writer, but I'd much rather read Michael A. King or Charles A. Schulz 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was not funny, nor was it well written. The characters were boring, and the story did not interest me at all.  I was bored by the first few pages and lost interest in the book by the end.  It was very confusing.  The character names were too long, and there was very little action.  If you are looking for a funny book, this is a bad one to try and read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It was just ok. The characters seemed to be in the wrong place, the plot was confusing, and I didn't like the ending. I have seen more recent books by J.A. Albright 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not be surprised if this book were written by an adult woman who wanted to be popular with her male friends and was too lazy to write an actual book about what to do when you are pregnant.  I can understand that the author may not be aware of how to handle a child that is not your own, but I think it would be a lot more helpful for her to have done so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a waste of time, but I will not give it an A rating because it gave me some information, but not enough. I read a couple chapters and stopped after a couple paragraphs and never got any further.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love the book but it was not funny.  It was very boring.  I was bored.  Maybe the story could have been better but I am not sure.  There were too many ideas and not enough time to develop them.  The main character in the book is a very boring person.  He is a scientist but I think that is an example of the author not developing the character.  So I can not say the story was great.  You have to see the book to see if it is worth the time.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an extremely dull, almost boring tale that is not worth the time. The characters are stereotypical and are not funny. It is also not funny to read! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think it's a shame that this book was published by the same publisher as The Art of War, the one that was so successful in creating an image of itself as a great book.  In fact, the first few chapters seem to be a prequel to the one with the same title.  What a tragedy!  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want to get some insight into a bad electronic device, this book is for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very surprised to see how many reviewers were not too impressed with this book.  This book was actually quite the opposite of what I expected.  I felt the author used the story too much as a jumping off point to present his arguments.  But I can't blame him for this.  He was a good writer.  However, it is my opinion that the book itself was a waste of time.  It was very basic and boring.  Not the best book I've read this year.  If you want to read a good book, this one is the best.  Maybe one of the best in the series, but I'm still not too sure if this is the absolute best book in the book series.  Other than that, this is a waste 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written by a woman.  The author has very little experience in this field.  Her book is an abysmal effort to explain the science of human sexuality.  I would not read this book unless I wanted to be misled by the author's opinions.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times and am always surprised at the content. I would have never expected to read a chapter like this. The author uses several different methods of presenting the information in this book. One of the techniques he uses is to list the various ways in which people are born. He uses a very simple method that I find difficult to follow, and in many instances he does not even provide an explanation. The problem is that the book seems to be written by a layman. If you were to read the first or second chapter of this book, I would be extremely disappointed. However, if you are a teacher or an attorney and have an interest in the topic, I recommend you not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title alone makes this book hard to get past.  The plot is pretty much pointless.  There is a lot of talk about sex, but it is not very descriptive 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a retired military veteran, I do not have time to do much reading. I found this book to be quite confusing. There were a few things I had to do in the book to understand some of the things in the text. For example, I had no idea what the term "narcissistic" meant. I was confused when this term was mentioned and did not understand the importance of it. Also, I was surprised that the author was not a psychologist, a psychiatrist, or an academic, as the book suggested. The book also lacked explanations on the "scientific" side. I wish the author had taken a more serious look at the book before it was published. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a very nice man, but it just didn't come together. There were some very interesting ideas, but the story wasn't very engaging. It was a little too dry and there were a few scenes that I thought were completely unnecessary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A couple of years ago, I bought this book for a college student and she was really disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is really not that interesting and the ideas are all really shallow.  It just reads like a book written by a bunch of kids that were bored and wanted to make a funny story.  There is not much in it that I would recommend for anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a reader of children's books.  I read the book for my 8 year old daughter.  There was one character in the book who was very like a character I would make fun of if I was at school.  The story was very funny, but I would not recommend it to a younger child.  If you are a parent of a child, do not buy this book.  It is a story of a boy who has a friend named Jodi.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in love with this book.  It has an interesting premise, some interesting characters, and the main idea that we all have to be friends with each other.  The main problem with this is that there are only about two pages about each character.  There are also a lot of characters that don't talk to each other at all.  I don't think I've read more than 30 pages out of this book and I've already lost count.  If you really want to know what the characters in the book really think, this book would be a great place to start 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so badly written that I was forced to skip most of the chapters.  It is really difficult to understand the author's point.  He goes on and on about how his wife died and how she left him, then goes on to describe his thoughts and feelings in great detail.  If you are looking for some information on how to deal with grief, this book would be a great help 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not really a fan of this book.  I would rather read something else, but it's not the first one I've read that I disliked.  There are a lot of boring things in this book, but the first few chapters have got me down.  The main character is a little too much like Harry Potter, and the story is kind of flat.  If you like Harry potter you will like this book too, but I would skip it if you like this Harry Potter character.  This book really is not worth the price of the book if you want a book about Harry Potter.  It's just a quick, short story that tries to jump onto the Potter bandwagon and doesn't go far enough, but if you don't like Harry or Potter you might not like this, which is a shame because I like the Harry Potter books 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is not a positive review about any book, although the author was a great contributor and I had fun reading it.  The book was full of clichés and repetitions, which made it hard to understand the characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not sure why I have not read more about this book.  I will certainly return to it again and again, just because I know what a few of the conclusions are and why it is so flawed.  The book starts out with a very good description of how the history of medicine came to be.  It then goes on to talk about some of the mistakes that have been made, some of which are so obvious that they are laughable.  In particular, it starts with a reference to the "great majority of the American people" who have been misinformed about the history and development of medicine.  If the majority of people are misinformed, how can the public have any confidence in the work of physicians?  I would like to see this book corrected by the author. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a bit confusing. There was a lot of information but not enough time to digest it all. There were not enough pictures. I do not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was looking for a positive review about this book and found it very disappointing.  It was a very dry work with not much humor in it.  The book was not very interesting and it was hard to follow the characters.  If you are looking for funny characters this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with a positive review about some good books, then goes downhill in the second chapter.  I do not believe this author could be that bad if his stories were good.  If you want to see the evil, then look up the writings of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  The villains are just so over the top 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a good book but the way it is written is not appropriate for younger readers. It is a work of fantasy, but not in a very exciting way. The plot is not original, but the author has not done much research. The story is too long and the characters are not interesting enough. If you want to read a fantasy book, I suggest reading the first three of the "Lord of the Rings" series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers about this book.  It is not very interesting.  The chapters are long and the descriptions are very descriptive.  I really do not know what the author is talking about.  He seems to be talking about everything  from "what is a good book: I would have liked to see more of the history of the occult or religion in general  to the history and culture of the people who were involved  with the occult.  But the book doesn't tell us that.  There is little explanation 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just a rehash of the original story that was written many years ago. The author makes little effort to give new details or any kind of insight into the plot. I would suggest the story be read over before you purchase this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a complete waste of time.  Don't waste your time. Read a book by a good author, like Cormac McCarthy.  The plot is too convoluted, the characters are too bland and the ending is too ridiculous.  I will not be recommending this book for anyone to read 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring and simplistic story. The main character (or two) seem to do nothing but read and study, never having the opportunity to do anything else.  This was very disappointing, especially considering the title.  The author was clearly trying to make a political point with this book, but it didn't come out that way.  I am sure the book would be more interesting if it was written by someone who had actually done some research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a long-time reader of books from this author.  However, this book was a disappointment.  The characters are not as vivid as they were in "The House with a Secret", which was a real joy to read.  I really feel that this book should have been titled "The Murder House".  I would not read this book again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like your fantasy fiction with a little more depth and insight, don't waste your time with this book.  The story is repetitive and the characters are one-dimensional.  A little more effort would have helped, and I can see why many people like it.  I think the author got a little too close to the characters and not far enough away from the plot.  Not sure what happened, but it was a bit of a letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author does a very bad job of presenting the history of the Spanish Inquisition.  The best place to get a more thorough understanding of the subject is probably Wikipedia.  It's a shame that this book was not more popular in the past.  I was expecting a more detailed account, and I think that the author has gotten away from this in this book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't think I've ever read anything by this author.  I am an avid reader, and I was looking for something to complement my work in the classroom.  So I thought I'd read the "Praise for the Book" (which has some interesting ideas and ideas to expand upon).  It was a disappointment.   It has no plot.  The author simply tells the story of how the book was written.  He explains that it is a fictionalized history.  However, this is not the first time this author has tried to write a fictional history.In fact, the first book of his was "The Book of the Common Man".  I would advise anyone who has read this book to avoid the second book, "The History of the War of 1812".  The "history" here is very much ahistorical.  It tells us very little about the real reasons why the War was fought.  If it is an historical book, it ought to be presented as such.  As a student, I would like to know who the real people are who were involved 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers, this is a horrible book, that is full of platitudes and clichés.  However, I don't see how you can call it a classic.  The first thing I notice is that it is written by a woman and that the book was published in 1982.  I know this because I'm a woman (I've been a woman for as long as I can remember).  Then I notice that the main character is named Betty, not Betty  Davis.  Now I notice another thing: the title page is written in a cursive style  (it's not the same as the one that is in the book, but the same one is there).  This is really not a problem, since this book is about an important historical event, but it just means that Betty can't be referred to as Betty.  It doesn't make any sense.  But what's even more strange is the title: The Life of a Woman.  What does this even mean?  I mean, I'm sure the woman was named Betty and not Betty Davis. What the hell is this woman supposed to be?  She's supposed to represent all women  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm sure that Mr. Boddy is a fine writer, but I find it difficult to believe that he wrote this book.  This book is not even close to being entertaining.  The author does not give us anything to laugh at, he does not present us with the sort of story that I would enjoy, he gives us a story that is boring.  I have read the same book by two different authors and both are better.  Mr. Baxter and Mr. Gurney's books are far better, and if Mr. Tavener's story were as funny as Mr. Farrar's, I would buy it.  But it isn't, and I won't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a good book. It has not much in it. It is mostly just a description of some of the characters and situations that were mentioned in the previous books. The author, Mr. A, is not the greatest writer. His descriptions are often vague. They are also sometimes repetitive. Some of his characters have long names that could be mistaken for names of celebrities, so this could easily be considered plagiarism. However, I thought it was a shame that this book was not better. The first three books are fantastic. The last three are pretty much boring and not worth reading. The story ends in the middle of book four with an extremely stupid ending that I could not even begin to understand. It was as if the author just couldn't figure out how to end it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has all the elements of a waste of time. The main characters are very simplistic. They all get killed off very quickly. There is not a single memorable or interesting character.  The ending is lame, and it is very difficult to believe that this book could have any other ending than a total mess.  It is not an easy read, but it was not written very well.  Overall, I would recommend this book to no one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is boring and confusing. There are some ideas in it, but they are not the ones I expected.  The whole book is full of typos, unnecessary explanations and general nonsense.  I could have written it better myself, but it would have taken me a long time to do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most boring, dull, and tedious I've ever read.  The characters are flat and boring.  There are no memorable scenes or interesting characters, only one or two memorable dialogue exchanges.  If you are looking for something to keep you reading for hours and hours on end, go somewhere else.  It's not even worth the price of a book.  I wouldn't waste my money on it.  Don't waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book.  There are very few historical facts that are true, and I am not interested in reading the author's personal opinions.  This book is an advertisement for a bad electronic device: the reader.  The author uses lots of fancy footnotes and graphs, and it is not a very interesting book. I would not recommend this book to anyone, except maybe to those who are interested in the historical side of things and the opinions of a very smart individual, who writes a very dryly academic book about history. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not really a novel, it is a collection of short stories, or rather, chapters. I would have rather read the whole thing, but I didn't have that much time to spare. I found it very tedious. It really got in the way of the plot, which could have been solved by simply changing the characters' names to the ones that they really are.  It is not very funny.  I am sure there is more humor in other authors' books, but this book just didn't appeal to me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A bad book. The plot is just plain dumb. You have to look at the back cover to realize that there is even a plot in this book. I have to admit it. I thought it was an interesting premise.  The characters were a little flat. I liked the idea that they were all in a competition, but it is just a really boring premise. There are very few characters who could hold their own against one another. I don't think this book was written by the author or by anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written very slowly. It has very little to do with the book I just finished. The plot, however, is very repetitive and boring.  If you like Harry Potter, I suggest you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not an expert in this book, but I don't think this is a good book for children.  I wish I had read it more than once, because it's such a huge and overwhelming story, and the stories are so far-fetched.  If you are a child and are thinking of making a book about this story, you better do a lot of research, because the story is so unbelievable and the characters are so stupid that they make you want to cry 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is full of references to other books, books of historical fact, books by different authors, etc. I am sure it is a work of historical research and scholarship. It is not an easy read, however, because it is so full of repetition and so dry. There is no new information and it is difficult to figure out what is relevant and what is irrelevant, since it is repeated over and over. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought this was going to be a fun book, and maybe I was wrong.  It is really boring, and I would not recommend it to anyone.  I don't want to see this book, but it's just not very interesting.  The main reason I dislike this book is because it tries to cover so much and so quickly.  If you want a more thorough look at how the church is run, go read some books by Michael Quinn, like The Church That Made a Difference 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an attempt to tell a long story. It is a lot to read, but it's not very interesting. It's like someone tried to fill up a huge book with a lot of details and not much substance. It would be better if someone had tried to write a more interesting book. If you want to read a short story, this is the book to buy. If I could give it a negative rating, it would be a negative one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like your books to be full of fun facts and colorful pictures, then you will like this one. However, if you are looking for something with more substance, then I would recommend "The Art of Home Improvement". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a fan, and I will never read another book by this author. The book was boring and very superficial, and the characters were too one dimensional. The plot was extremely boring, and very little information was given. If you are looking for a good book, I suggest "The Secret Life of Harry Potter". The author does have a knack for writing for children, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for something positive in this book.  I found a lot of inaccuracies in this one.  The story itself is a bit confusing.  It's not really clear why the boy and his mother decided to leave the village.  In a few pages they seem to suggest that they were mistreated by the villagers.  Maybe it is because they were poor.  There is little to no information about what happened to the villagers after they left.  If the story was so interesting it would be interesting to know how it developed to such a point that they decided to go into hiding.  They did have to leave some provisions to go back and try and keep the villagers safe.  But that was not done by the boy, who was apparently a child killer.  Not much information about the boy himself, other than he was a boy and not much was written about him.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like "A History of the Great British Empire", you will love this. If you don't, then do not bother 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not find this book very informative, and in some instances, downright confusing. The main point of this book was to give people an outline of how to build a small business.  This is not an easy book to learn.  If you want to get into this business you will need to be a professional and have a background in finance.  The author could have been more helpful with details on the various financial situations a small owner needs to be aware of.  I have not read any of the books listed on Amazon to learn this topic.   I recommend purchasing a book that will cover this topic, such as the book by Peter Devereaux. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out with some interesting ideas and then gets bogged down in details that aren't very relevant to the topic at hand.  The characters in this book are very simplistic and one-dimensional.  They seem to be living in an alternate universe, or at least have no concept of the concept of a bad electronic device, and yet they make decisions that will have a huge effect on their life and the life of everyone else on the planet.  There are also a lot of contradictions 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really a rehash of an old, boring, boring book that I have read several times before.  It is really hard to understand why anyone would waste their time reading a book like this.  The plot is so basic and boring that it becomes tedious to read.  I just wish the author would stop trying to make a story out of some random facts, and just write a positive review about an interesting book: I am so disappointed that I was not able to enjoy this book as much as I wanted to.  If the author can improve upon the story he had in mind, he will be one of the best writers on science, and if not, then this book will be an even bigger waste of time than I thought.  So many people have been talking about this book lately that I am wondering if it might be worth my money to buy it again, because it would be the only book I would want to read for my high school science class. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very poor book that could have been avoided by not wasting money on a book that was meant to be an introduction for a new book by Richard Zorbon.  The author clearly wants to do an introduction, but in this case he gets it wrong.  A book that should be required reading for those who are beginning to study Russian history.  I would like to see a better book from him that has better pictures.  In the meantime I will have to look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a long, tedious, boring, and sometimes downright confusing.  It is a shame to see such a book published by the popular author of the "Travelling in a Digital World" series.  This one is a complete waste of time.  The stories are boring and the writing is sloppy.  If you like the "Traveling in a digital World" stories then you will like this one.  But if you are like me and don't like reading and don\'t want to get the book, I would advise against reading this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of time. I was in a bad mood when I started and was looking for something to lighten my mood.  There was nothing in the book that really made me want to finish reading.  I would not recommend this book to anyone who needs something to keep their minds open 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a little too much about war and a little less about politics.  I wish the authors had tried a little more with the politics to make it more interesting.    I am just disappointed that they are not going in a different direction with this book.  The politics is not as interesting as the war 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has too many contradictions to make it interesting. It's a little hard to believe this book was written by a Catholic, when it actually has an allusion to Catholicism. There are too many mistakes to be believed. This book is very boring, and I would have read it if it weren't for the fact that I am Catholic. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know how a book like this could have been published by such a small press.  A mere page or two out of a hundred could have saved this book.  The only good thing about it is the "closing" which is really a little bit of a mystery, but it seems to have been written by one or both of the two authors.  I was afraid that the other two or three chapters in this book would be much better, but the "final" chapter is the worst of the bunch.  If you are looking for an entertaining book, avoid this one, but if you want to know what a real war is like, buy the other three or four books that the authors are actually doing.  This is a pretty pathetic book, and I will not be reading anything by this author again.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title alone is enough to warn you away from this book.  The first couple of pages are a little confusing and the book reads a little awkwardly, but it's hard to avoid the fact that this is an attempt to write a positive review about the book.It would be easy to pick on one or two pages and find the book is a mess.  It's not that the book lacks ideas, it's that it lacks the ability to tell a good story.  I wouldn't write a negative positive review unless I could give you a positive reason to read the book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times over the years and it seems to be an important book to learn from and a must read for teachers in mathematics. However, this book is an example of bad book design, which has been repeated over and over again. It has become an inessential text, with students unable to make sense of the text, or find any use for the material.  I would not recommend this book as a text for anyone, especially the first or second year students. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It would be very difficult to explain why so many people gave this book a negative rating. It's like the authors are trying to say something that is not clear and are trying hard to put their thoughts into words. The writing was boring and the pictures were boring. I just got bored and wanted to leave right away. The only reason I'm giving it a negative is because it was a hard book to finish 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main focus of this book was to explain the origin of a language, but what really caught my interest was the title.  The fact that a language has such a name makes me think the author is either stupid or has a very odd obsession.  If it wasn't a language I would be more than happy to have it explained in full.  I do hope this is a work of fiction, but I would never buy it for that reason 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you're looking for something to do while you're on vacation, read this book.  There are no plot twists or surprises.  It's a boring plot.  The characters are not interesting.  In fact, I could have done without all the romance, and that's saying a lot.  I found the romance in the book to be distracting, and I wouldn't recommend it.  Overall, I was disappointed with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so dry and boring. The characters were boring and not very likable.  I have read several other books written by Mr. Jemisin.  He does a good job with his books.  But this book was not very good.  If you want to read a good book: The Mist by Jemisines.  The Mist is a very interesting book.  It is a great story, but it is not very gripping.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only reason this book is a bad electronic device for people who want to be informed about politics is because the author fails to define what he's trying to discuss.  I don't blame the author for not knowing what the hell he's talking about.  This book isn't worth your money.  It isn't a serious book.  If you want to know what you're dealing with in the United States Congress, the first thing you need to do is get a copy of the Congressional Record.  There's no reason to waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The main reason for this book was to make a quick buck for its authors.  The book did not provide anything that was not already covered in the original book, and much of what was in that book is not even relevant to the topics in this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was surprised when I finished this book.  I could have done without the story, the characters, and the plot.  The plot is so far from what I thought it would be.  A little too much exposition.  If I had read this book at all, I would have learned a few things.  What I did learn from this book is that I should write a negative book review about another bad book.I am a student at University of Wisconsin.  We are required to take at least one philosophy course.  This book was not taken.  It was required for my Philosophy of Science class.  That's a shame.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is another book of "The Book of the Unconscious" by Marilynne Robinson. I was hoping to see something new and original and interesting about this book.  I did not.  The book was not funny or interesting, and I was very disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bunch of old clichés, and has been done over and over again.  The first paragraph is typical.  There is nothing new to say.  But the rest is all over the place.  I was hoping for something that would really tell the story, and the author does not deliver.  If you are looking for a good book, check out the classic "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu.  It's much more interesting and insightful.  Don't waste your money on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of Stephen King.  I bought this book as an educational companion.  The book is full of typos and a lot of information that is confusing.  It is a little hard to follow and it doesn't have a good ending.  If you want to learn something about King's characters or have a great book, read this.  Don't waste your money on this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring.  The writing was sloppy and it seemed like the author was just trying to write a quick book.  I was hoping for a deeper, more thought provoking, book.Instead I got a dry, boring, book that I could read again and again and not find anything to complain about 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author has no knowledge of the actual facts surrounding the shooting of JFK. The book is filled with speculation that does not hold up under scrutiny.  The facts are simply not there for anyone to take seriously.  If you want to read a book that will make you feel like you know something about the assassination, go for the book "The Kennedy Conspiracy" by Peter Dale Scott.  I would suggest this book for anyone who is looking to learn about the events surrounding the assassination.  But if you are looking for a book to learn more about the truth of the events that took place on Nov. 22, 1963, then this book will disappoint you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many reviews on this book, and I agree with most of them.  The story is fine, but the writing was atrocious.  It was difficult to follow and almost made me yawn 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book of lies.  In the first chapter, the author tells us that "it is important to have a positive review about good book: I just got this book in a bookstore in Austin, Texas, and I will never read another book by this author again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title alone is a huge turnoff. What the heck is a "Mental Case" anyway?  It's a word that's just thrown around in the book.  It doesn't really define what mental illness is.  What it does is explain some of the most popular psychiatric diagnoses.  I don't think anyone is going to be able to read this book and truly understand the "mental case" concept.  If you really want to understand it you'll need to do a bit more research 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not waste my time on this. I have read other books by him and I think that this is his best. However, I do not believe that he is a serious historian. His approach to the subject of the Holocaust, if it can be called such, is far too simplistic. I don't believe he understands the history of Nazi Germany and his statements about it are also highly suspect. I feel he is taking the easy way out and he makes his readers think that they are in some way learning from the past. However I do feel that he needs to take a closer look at the Holocaust. I am in the minority, but I feel that his approach is correct and I want to see him try to make a better book and if not, I will find another one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had read the book before and loved it.  But after reading this one I lost all interest in it.This book was written by a man who claims to be a "psychologist"  but I think he's more like a "writer" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just found this book and it is not funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so boring. I can't believe how many of these guys that are so excited to write about Jesus.  What a waste of time!  Don't waste your time on this book.  Don' t read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is a great book, but I think the author's ideas on gender identity are a little off. I think it would be a better book to do a better job of defining the concept of gender. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the novels by John Hughes, and the stories by the other authors.  The only real difference I have found between them is that the "Renaissance" books have more romance than the "Manson" books.  But if you are going to read the first two "Rennials", you should probably not waste your money on this book.  Hughes, who died a year before I was born, had an amazing imagination, and this book suffers from the same kind of self-indulgent fantasy that made "Maiden Voyage" such a hit.  It's all too vague and repetitive.  If you want to read a book that is just as entertaining as "Maid of the Mist", by Michael Bishop, and not so many pages long, then go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to admit that I did not enjoy this book at all. The stories were so vague that it was hard to figure out who they were about.  I could not figure out how this story was supposed to relate to anything else.  The book could have been much better if it had been just a compilation of the earlier stories.  Instead it was more like a binder that needed to be opened and re-opened.  And that is not what I am looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would like to say that this book was a great addition to the previous volumes. It was just not that.  It was a mess.  The characters were not all interesting.  I do not believe that I have ever read a book so badly written.  There were moments where I wanted to give up and go home.  That was not because I felt that this was a bad story.  What I felt was that I was not seeing it clearly enough.  So I wanted it to be a better book.  Unfortunately it did not.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have ever read.  I could not even finish reading it.  The story is very confusing, the plot is very convoluted and the ending is very disappointing.  But it did get a lot of positive reviews.  If you want a quick read about what happens in this book, this is not the book for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very dull and boring.  I could not read it, the plot was not interesting.  The book could not help but make me feel bad.  There was nothing else to read.  It is so hard to find a good book like this, there are so many great books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like it much.  It has lots of interesting ideas, but most of them are not as thought provoking as they should be.  I will stick with my first edition of The New York Times best seller, The Art of War. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you don't like Harry Potter, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a very strange mix of "history" and "poetry". It's really just a collection of anecdotes, but I would not consider it to be worth the price.  I would have liked to see more of what actually happened during the Civil War, because it is such a fascinating story.  The only thing I can say is that the writing was a bit off. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a major misnomer.  The word "suttle" is actually spelled "septic", which makes the book somewhat confusing.  I suppose that it is an attempt to explain why this was the first book in a series of three that is not only a work of fiction but also a textbook, written for the benefit of medical students.  It is not a book about "sociology".  It isn't even a book on "social work".  The first book is actually called "Society & Nature", and the second is called "The Science of Society", and it is quite a bit better.  But I was only able to finish the first volume, which was the only one I could finish in any good state, in spite of the fact that it had several chapters on "Sociology", several chapters that I thought were unnecessary, and several chapters where I got the feeling that I had been missing out.  Overall, this book lacks the clarity that I expected from the title of the book.  If you want a workable introduction to sociology, I suggest "Societal Science & Society", which is a much more accurate title.  However, I think that the reader who is really interested in social work will find "Societies & Nature" better.   The first chapter, "What Is Society?", was, in my opinion, the most important in the entire book. It is absolutely necessary to understand the nature of society, which I think has been completely overlooked by much of the sociology literature, and I would strongly recommend that the student read this chapter as a pre-requisite before embarking on any sociology studies.  Although it was only a single chapter, it certainly was one of the most significant parts of the whole book. If you are looking for a "social" book, I would suggest "The Sociological Review" by Henry Louis Schulberg, "The Theory of Social Science" by Richard A. Emanuell, and "The Social Order" by John D. O'Connor 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a collection of a few chapters from various interviews, each a little different in their subject, such as the one where a group of black teenagers is talking about being "stuck" in a "ghetto".  I really wish I hadn't read this one, as I feel it is a pretty shallow view of the black population.  The only other black-related book I've ever read was a good book on "The Roots of African-American Achievement" by John Lewis, which I enjoyed and is worth reading, so I think the author got this one wrong.  But the one thing I can agree with him on is the fact that there's a lot of white people who don't really like to talk about race.  I know that I would like to hear more from the black people themselves about what they think and feel about race, so this book is very helpful, but I think it would have been a lot more enlightening if it were actually written by black people.  This one's pretty thin and not much else.  If you don't like this book, I would suggest you read some books by people who actually write and talk about black people, such a Malcolm X or Martin Luther King or Walter Williams.  Not necessarily about race itself, but about black-people, or at least about the black race.I would have liked to have seen a "black history" book, not just a bunch of black kids talking about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with an exposition on the subject of a good book, then goes on to tell the reader what the author thinks he knows. In a way, this book is an abomination. It does not tell you anything new, nor does it make any sense, nor can it make you laugh. It is a complete waste of money, and not worth the time spent reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title alone will get you a negative rating.  The characters were not interesting, the plot was not interesting and the dialogue was not funny.  I do not know how the author can even write such a bad novel. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a professional author. I have written numerous books and I have never read a good book. The premise of this book is very simple. It's a tale of a girl who lost her mother to cancer. This story is not well done. It is not interesting, not exciting, not inspiring, not interesting.  It is, however, very sad. It also contains some inaccuracies. The book lacks detail. It uses the word "child" too often and too quickly. It contains an extremely awkward plot. It lacks a lot of characters. It does not provide much action. It needs to be more complex, more complex plot.  The ending is very disappointing. It makes the story more confusing and confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like this book.  The stories are interesting but the writing is pretty dull and unoriginal.  I feel like it would have been better if he had used a real book instead of this.  It's also a bit overlong.  A lot of the stories could have been trimmed down a bit to make it more digestible 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the same as the previous books of this series. It is too much of a long book with very little detail. It doesn't tell you much about the book's themes. It just goes on and on about how bad the book is.  I was not interested in reading this book.  It was not interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading, it's really just a title for an advertisement for the book.  I don't care about this book, it isn't worth the money, or I would have known it was such a big deal when I saw the cover, and when I got it, I thought I was wasting my time reading it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will say right off the bat that this is one of the worst books I have read in a long time. It is a shame because it could have been a very interesting and educational book, with all the information presented and the discussions and questions that could be posed to the reader.  But sadly, the author chose to use a series of cliches and a number of irrelevant questions that do not contribute to the topic of the book. I think it would have been better to have the reader take some time to familiarize themselves with some basic facts about the Bible, as opposed to the "myths" that this book presents, which could have helped.  The most obvious "myth" is that there is no such thing as a "Jewish Bible", or even a "Christian Bible".  The author uses a number statements that he feels are true, and one of these statements is that the "Bible" is the word of God.  In the final chapter of the novel, the reader learns that there were no Christians until the Jews got the Torah, and it seems as though the author wants us to believe that the Jews actually do have a "Biblical" religion, which is in complete and total opposition to what the Bible teaches.  This would have actually been a great book, if the author would have allowed for some real discussion and debate.  Instead, this book is a slog through cliched questions and a lot of "gaffs" that make it difficult to understand the actual content of the Bible.  It is actually a shame that the author did not write a positive review about such a good book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone, but rather find another good book to read, such as the book by the same author that I have just reviewed, "The Jewish Question".  It does not contain any "mysterious" or "mystery" books, such books such as "The Bible", "The Book of Abraham", or "The Torah". 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not have the slightest interest in this book. I will never buy it again, however if you are interested in some more information about the subject of Scientology and how to get into it please go ahead and purchase it.  If you are an actual scientologist and want to learn more about Scientology please go and buy the book on your own.  The information is very vague, there is little practical help and the author does not even attempt to be helpful 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm very disappointed that this book was published. I read the first few chapters and they made no sense. It was like a book that was being written by a group of students who knew nothing about medieval history. I can't believe that it has sold so well.  It is very difficult to believe that there are so many people who would buy a book like this. I've been looking for an accurate and up to date biography of Saint Dominic, and I can see now how it could have been done. But this book is simply not up to the task.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is a bit misleading 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story is interesting, but it's not interesting enough to justify the hundreds of pages it's packed with.  If you're looking for a quick story, I would recommend this book as a good read.  But if you're a real story-writer, this isn't for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, however, is just a collection of cliches.  Nothing new.  It has a lot of information and is a good book to get you to think about a little more than just the subject of death, but the death part was so badly done that I have no idea what it's really trying to get at 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can see why this book is so popular among students.  The idea of a story with a happy ending is exciting.  But I have to wonder why it took so long for students to realize that there were not only happy endings but also unhappy endings 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing is fine, but the story is not.  There is no way for anyone to really understand what happened to the people of the Philippines during the Spanish-American War.  The only reason I have not thrown this book away is because I was hoping to learn more about the Filipino people and their culture.  If I had read this book I would have thought it was a bad novel, but it is not 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would rate this book at about a 6.5 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very depressing story, but very simplistic.  Don't waste your money on this book.  It's a waste of your money and time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a history major who loves the idea of writing about a specific period in time.  But this book doesn't deliver on that promise.  I can't figure out why the author, a woman, chose this particular time period (1900-1900) for this particular story.  She clearly knows more about this time period than I do.  If you have a strong interest in American history or a good book, read this one.  Don't waste your time or money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of so much nonsense that it's hard to even put it down. The premise that there are not many good books on the subject of human sexuality is, to say the least, ridiculous.  It is, however, a great book for someone who needs a quick and cheap read to make some conclusions about the subject.  The main problem is that the author's conclusions are not based on any empirical data.  His "facts" are completely wrong and completely inconsistent with actual data. So, if you are going to write a negative book about a negative topic like sex, do not be afraid to say that the information presented is wrong.  I just wish that someone would give it a better title than "How to get laid" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book many times and I have no idea what happened to it.    If you want to know what you'll learn in this book, just do not bother to finish it.If you don't know what a "vitality" is, just go to a library, look at the index, and ask for the definition.  If it's a simple "life" or "health", go away and read something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a real struggle to read.  I couldn't put it down.  The only redeeming aspect is the insight that Mr. Dickson gives on the author's life.  He tells us that he spent some time in a mental institution after his mother's death, and when he was released from the hospital he became a drug addict.  However, Dickson also tells us he has a history of depression, and is in therapy at this point in his life.So what the heck 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is so very hard to believe that a man who is not even qualified to speak about human rights, let alone the law, would attempt to defend the indefensible: slavery.  The book seems to make a point to defend slavery. But what about the victims of the slave trade?  The author fails to mention or even hint at the vast majority of slaves, the women.  It makes you wonder if this man has ever read a human rights law 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The story goes from beginning to end and I am not even sure what happened!  The characters all seem to be doing the same thing over and over again, and it is quite boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does nothing for me. It was so boring and I felt that I was wasting my time and money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just couldn't get into this book.  It was so boring and repetitive.  The characters just kept on talking about things that weren't important and I was constantly bored.  I would have read it if I hadn't already read some of the other novels in this series 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read some good book reviews about this book. It's just not a good book to read. The story is told in a very slow paced fashion. There is little character development. The book does not give us a clear sense of who the characters are. There are many characters that are never even mentioned. Some characters may not even exist. This book does NOT give you a clear picture of what happened in the war. The author attempts to give us all the information, but does not follow through on it. There's also a huge amount of space in the book. A lot of the information is not even included. I don't know how this book was published and why it was published this way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was so excited to get to this book!  So excited that I purchased it before I even read it!  I read it, and then realized that it was not at all what I expected.  The book is nothing but a bunch of long essays on the same idea that you will eventually learn by reading other books.  And it's a great idea.  But it's very, very difficult to get the ideas across.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a series of essays written by a bunch of self-proclaimed "radical feminists" who are just as ignorant about real feminism as the rest of the "radical" crowd.  This is a classic "women's rights" book that is a blatant attempt to get feminism off the ground by appealing to the lowest common denominator.  In the end, it's just another excuse to get your own opinion on a "women-in-the-21st-century" issue.  The title "Sex and the Subculture" is an oxymoron and not an accurate description of the issues.  A subculture is not a "scene" and a subculture should not be defined as "a group of people who dress like this" 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is nothing but a list of ideas that could be expanded upon without giving much of an idea about how to accomplish them.  The author does have some interesting ideas, but is otherwise quite uninformed. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had to look at this book to see what the fuss was all about.  If you don't like books, this one is not for you.  I would rather be reading about the history of the French Revolution in the period before the Revolution.  There are several interesting historical facts that this book does not mention.  This is just another book that does not tell the reader what he or she already knows.  It is a textbook on how to learn about French Revolution history.  The author writes that "there is a tendency to exaggerate the role of revolutionary leaders in the French Revolutionary period."  However, I am not an expert on French Revolutionary leaders.  So, it would be quite interesting to know what French Revolutionary figures said about the Revolution and why they said what they did 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have been a fan of Mr. Bekenstein's books and am a fan no longer.  He is a talented writer, but his latest work, The Art of Failure, is a disaster.  The title alone, "The Art of the Great Stagnation" is an oxymoron.  This book is a work of fiction that has been edited by Mr. Mankiw, a man who is not an economist, nor an economist who writes about economics.  It is the work of a man with no business expertise, who is entirely reliant on the opinions of the economists who have the same opinions as him.  Mr. Moynihan and Mr. Friedman, as well as some other economists, have already pointed out that this is a theory that has no basis in reality.  There are several major problems with this book.  First, it claims that the decline in American productivity since 1980 has been caused by a series of "inequality"   which is a complete nonsense.  In the first chapter, Mr. Baum's "inequalities" are explained, but he then spends the rest of the book on a very detailed explanation of why there is a decline in productivity, with no reference to any of the "inequities" that are actually caused by productivity.  Second, Mr Baum writes as if it is true that the government spends a good amount of money on infrastructure and other things, yet, in the second chapter, he says that it is actually the government's fault that productivity has declined.  Third, Mr Bekenius' explanations for the "ideal" level of income and productivity are far too simplistic.  We can do better than this, but it will take a book like this to do so.  I will never buy another Mr. Bakunin or Mr. Hayek 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed in this book. It is not what I was expecting. I was looking for something more like The Rise and Fall of a Church or something like that. I am so sorry to have wasted my money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought it would be a good book.  I am sure it will be, but I will not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was a little disappointed with this book.  I thought it would be interesting to see what kind of a book could possibly be made out of this one.  It was not very interesting and I was glad I did not waste my time on it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very basic and unimaginative book.  It is not even a "biography" or "history" in the true sense.  The book is nothing more than a summary of the events of the past 50 years.  But for all that it provides the reader with a nice short history lesson, it is extremely boring 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a big fan of the Harry Potter series and I thought this would be a good book to read. But I'm sorry to say it was not. I expected this to be something along the lines of "A History of Magic" and "The Complete Guide to Magic". I was disappointed and I was really confused. I don't know what was the problem with this book. I guess I expected to learn more about magic in this book than I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author claims that his book is "the best book to explain how to live a good life"  But he has a long history of not living a good, or even decent, life.  I cannot believe that he is still living at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very confusing and the book seems to be out of date, i.e. there is no recent history on the subject of the British and American relationship.  I think this book is more about Britain and less about America.  The history of the American colonies is presented as one of the major events in American history, however this book lacks the depth to cover the actual events of the period 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is so incredibly boring and uninspiring.  I really want to learn some more about this "Theology" that so many are trying to get in touch with.  The reason for this book is obvious.  It is an extremely difficult subject to understand in its entirety 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for a good book on how to make a successful electronic device, this book is for you! However, this is not a book on designing or making a device. It is a book of tricks to help you "learn" how to design and build an electronic device. If you want a book with instructions on how you can "make" your own electronic device then this book isn't for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a complete and utter mess. I did not even finish the first chapter.  I would have been much better if it were written by a man who knows something about the history of this country.  Instead it is written by an academic who could have at least put the names of the books he is reviewing and the dates of the events he is discussing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was a lot of fun, but it didn't really help me.  The author's prose is very repetitive and dull.  In fact, I couldn't even finish the book.  So I'll just go ahead and say that it's not for everyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what the hell the author was thinking when he wrote this. I think it's because it's a work of fiction, but it's very hard to believe that this book could have been published in 1878. The subject matter is so absurd, it's hard to know whether the author truly intended it or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is very misleading. There is a lot of information on how to write a good book, but there is a lack of detail on how you write. This book was a great idea, but I can't imagine that anyone would spend the amount of time and effort needed to learn the proper way to write. I have to agree with the reviewer above, though, because the book does have a couple of really excellent chapters. However, the rest of the book is quite bland, and the final section is simply a laundry list of techniques. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know what it is that you are reading here.  I was never the type of person that reads books that are overly simplistic.  But the first few chapters of this book were very difficult.  The main characters were very one-dimensional.   I am sure that this is not an intentional mistake by the author.  Maybe it's a result of the author's age.  He is not that young to read this book.  However, his writing style and ideas were not that clear.  This was a disappointment.  Perhaps the book could be saved by changing some of the ideas in the last few chapters.  If that is the case, I would have been more willing to finish the book.But I will not be doing so.  It is a great idea to read books that have a bit more complexity to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an excellent book, but I was never able to finish it. It was so much that I just had to put it down.  I am glad I did though.  If you have read the previous books, this one is going to make no sense at all.  It's full of unnecessary details that don't really make a difference.  In fact, I would not be surprised if some of the information in this book is incorrect.  The book really needed a strong plot to get it over the hump, and the plot is so weak that I could have easily finished the book in half the time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title is misleading, but the content is not. The story is told in flashback and without any attempt at believability, and there are very few characters that are likable. It's really hard to read this book and not cringe 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book and I couldn't finish it. It was too confusing and it didn't make sense. I was very disappointed with the book because it seemed like I was reading an actual book from someone who was a student or something. I don't know. I just wasn't interested in reading a book like this and it just left me with too much information for me to understand. It would have been better if the author had given some examples or used an example instead of just listing off things in the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A few pages later the author makes a very clear statement which is completely wrong. He states that the author was a fundamentalist and that his work has been instrumental in getting Christians to abandon their traditional beliefs 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment to me.  It is too long and too boring.  There is not enough in it for my tastes.  I found it very hard to follow the story and I just wanted to put it down 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe the author wrote this book. He just kept repeating the same thing. He doesn't know what he's talking about. It was really annoying to read all the way through, and I found myself constantly switching chapters because I wanted to find a new idea. I wish I had written it myself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not interested in reading this book.  The author really needed a better book, not this one.  I am a realist, this is a hard book to read.  It is long, boring, and has no plot.   I wish I had read the first three books, as this book is a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I think this is the worst book ever written.  There is not one positive review about this book.  It is filled with all the clichés of old-fashioned romance.  The only good thing I can say about this one is that it was written by an author who was clearly not a fan of romance.I would recommend this book for those who enjoy reading romance but have a limited knowledge of how to write it.  However, I would NOT recommend this one for those of you who want to write romance. The book is quite difficult to read and I would recommend it only to those who have a very basic understanding of romance and are looking to improve their craft.  If you are one of these people I would highly recommend that you do NOT read this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not even sure I can say the author had the courage to write this.  I mean, it was very predictable.  It had all the plot elements of a novel, but not much else.  There was some interesting dialog, but most of the dialogue was predictable.I was very disappointed with this book, and it was not that I didn't like it.  The book was quite entertaining at times, but overall it was just plain boring.  Too many characters with very little to do, and I felt the story was just getting out of hand.  Overall, I am disappointed with the author.  But I think that I would not have been so disappointed had I read the book before I bought it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I had been warned when I first started this book.  It was very hard to get past the first page.  The characters are pretty flat and not very interesting.  I would recommend you just skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for a college class and I was not even remotely impressed with it.  I would say that it is nothing to write home about.  The story seems like it was written by a young teenager.  It is very repetitive and the characters are flat.  Very boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very repetitive and boring. I would rather read the entire book before reading this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book begins with a chapter on the "New England" in the mid 1800s. The story then goes on to describe the early population and the settlement of the region. I had to look up the first part of the title to find the exact chapter in the book I was supposed to be reading. The whole book feels like an over-enthusiastic attempt to sell a book: "The New England" and its surrounding states and territories of Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine, New York, Rhode Island and Connecticut. This is one of those titles that makes the reader think it's all too easy.  It's an attempt to describe a small area of America, the book lacks any detail or context.  The author makes a few claims that the author doesn't seem to know are true or even are reasonable.  This book also has a lot of grammatical and spelling errors.  I would recommend this book for anyone that likes to read and understand the history of New England.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author clearly has not done much research, but she is determined to show that the New World was populated by people of color.  However, she does not give a lot of details about what the Americas look like.  Her conclusions that the Americas were not white are simply wrong.  There were a number of large civilizations in the Americas, such as the Maya, Aztec, Incas, Olmec, etc.  The Book of Mormon and many other historians, such the Smithsonian Institution, say the Americas weren't really that white.  In fact, the New York Times has a nice history page that gives an overview.  So I would suggest for anyone wanting to learn about the Americas to go to the Smithsonian, learn about our history and culture, not a book that says the Americas are really white.The author makes some valid points about the history of the Americas.  If you want to know how the Americas developed, this is a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The first half of this book was boring.  Then I found out that it was written by a woman who was actually the daughter of a male relative, who wrote this book as a woman.  The second half is worse.  I was very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is one of the most tedious and tedious stories I have read.  I will not waste my time reading it.  The only thing that I can say is that it makes me feel guilty for liking the book, and I am not the only one who feels that way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written by a former missionary and the author is an interesting writer but the book suffers from a few things that can make it less than the rest. One thing I was particularly disappointed with was the ending. The book is written in such a way that makes it difficult to see what happened after the book was published. It seems that there are several different interpretations of the events that occur in the book. There is one account of a good Samaritan who found Jesus and helped the man that was bleeding out from a crucifix. However, in the end, there is only one account that gives the real picture. It would have been nice to see more detail on what happened to Jesus after he was crucified and there are times when the author could have given more detail to give the reader some more insight. I also thought it would be interesting to see how the author would have viewed Jesus after all this time.  I do not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of errors. I was very surprised at how many errors I found. For example, I thought the "violet" were supposed to be violet flowers.  I got confused when I read that the "wasp" was supposed to have been a bee.  The book was very difficult for me to follow.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book does not give you the full story about the life of Christ. It is just a few brief accounts from the accounts of various people.  The people who are quoted are very one-sided.  For example, some of the accounts say that Jesus' mother was a prostitute.  But there are accounts that say that she was a mother who worked as a prostitute and was saved by Christ.  That's the only place you can find the full picture of Jesus.  You will have to read the accounts that have been given by different historians, some from the New Testament, and find out what they say about the people who said Jesus was a bad boy.  I can only say that this book is a bad history book.  It's a shame that someone who says he's a Christian would write such a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't really enjoy this one, though I found it interesting and amusing at times.  It seems like they just want to write more pictures of things that have already happened.  I had to do more research than the actual books that I read, since the pictures in this one were so vague.  This book would have been better suited for someone who is new to history than a veteran, because it was very technical in nature.  The book had some interesting insights and theories, but the pictures were not really useful or interesting.  One thing that I liked a lot was the "how I see the world" section.  Not sure why they didn't write this book with the same title, because that was the best part.  They tried to explain how the world is different from what they believed it to be, but that wasn't really necessary, since we already knew what the world was like.  If I read the "why I see this" section, I would have seen that they didn&rsquot;t understand why people would believe that they can control the world.  There was no reason to believe they could control it, because the world they saw and talked about had been changing for quite a while.  And since they already knew the rules and principles of the world, why do they need to explain it in a different way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very tedious.  It didn't help that it was written by an ex-member of the church and so had nothing to do with the church.  If you want a book that will take you through the basics of church history without getting bogged down with all the theological jargon and such, this is the book.  But if you want to learn how to actually be a member of the LDS church, then this book is not the book for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very shallow overview of some aspects of a small area. If you want a complete review about this book, I would suggest looking at the book itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe that it is so difficult for some authors to write a negative book.  I have seen many authors who have made some pretty fine books.  It is very hard for me to believe that they had such a hard time with this one.  In fact, it is rather pathetic that it took this author so long to write this book. What a shame 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a couple of good books on gardening, but I was very disappointed with this one. I was hoping to see more of the same old same old, or at least something different, so I took a chance and bought it.  But it didn't work out, because the plants in this book are very pretty, but very hard to understand.  I was actually looking for something else to read, but it wasn't even an alternative plant.  Don't waste your time with this book.  The photos are nice and colorful, but the book is very confusing.  It is certainly not a waste of your time, but you will not get any new ideas out of it. I would suggest this one to the bookish people who enjoy gardening.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I did not enjoy this book. It is very dry, boring and difficult to read. I am a big fan of Dr. Seuss and it is unfortunate that this book did not deliver on his promise of adventure and humor. I found it extremely disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not a positive review of the book, it was a negative one. The main reason why it is not good is because of the author's own personal history and that of his daughter, who is an excellent artist and who had some problems with this book.  But I can't blame the author, since I read this book as a tribute to his wife, the one who wrote it, and I think it was an excellent tribute.  It also has the unfortunate effect of making it seem as if there was some sort of "cult" of artists that was responsible for the destruction of the arts.  The book doesn't even mention that this was a problem, but the author himself did  make a reference to it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It seems the author has read the reviews and can't see what the fuss is about. I was actually shocked at how much I disliked this book. The story was great, and the characters were all very interesting, but the plot was pretty predictable. I had the feeling the author was rushing through to get the book out there before the deadline. But I digress 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a huge disappointment to me.  It was a long book, but it was not enough to keep me interested in the story.  The story was pretty bland.  Most of the characters were not interesting enough to be believable.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  If you like mystery novels, I would suggest that you go for a more traditional mystery novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe I had to waste time on this.  There are only so many times you can say the same thing over and over again and then say it again.  This is the third time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book, but I think the book could have been better.  It is not as fun as the previous ones that I have read.  I will finish the book because I like it, but will never buy another book by this author 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book to learn the basics of electronic device and found it boring and dry.  It would be nice if this book was not so expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm not sure what it is, but I kept seeing the name of the book repeated in other reviews as a good book.  It's not.  I've read three of his novels and the stories were just plain boring.  Don't waste your time if you want to read a good novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book before and the first chapter was the most confusing thing I have ever read. I have a bit of a history background and this book was not for me.  I had to skim over the first few chapters.  The information was not interesting and the book itself was very confusing.  As a former history professor, I would have never let myself buy a book like this.  If you are interested in a history book, buy a good book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was very disappointed to read this book.  The book itself was very confusing and the information given was so vague that it could have easily been done on the spot by someone who did not know what they were doing.  I would highly recommend avoiding this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very disappointing book.  I found it very difficult to understand why she wanted to write a book on the Jewish religion, which, in her view, was basically an Eastern-European folk-tale.  The fact that there are so many different Jewish beliefs is not explained 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book for school and was expecting a funny story.  Instead it was a list of rules to follow and the author did not know how to finish.  It was boring and I will never read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not a huge fan of this book.  There was a lot of interesting information and it was enjoyable to go over some of the more advanced techniques for building a good book, but not nearly enough information for a new beginner.  The techniques were not presented in an understandable way.  A lot of it was just a lot more information than the student needed, and it really needed a more thorough explanation.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only thing I can say for this book is I hope it's not the last! I was so excited for this story and so eager to read it that I ended up flipping through it for several pages only to realize I needed a lot more!  But alas! I did not get to the end, because the ending was just as terrible as the beginning. I was hoping to see a positive review about an enjoyable book: I just wish this was a little better.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that should be more interesting.  I was just hoping to read a story that is a bit more than a plot summary.  Maybe a little more character development?  But what I got was a book that is almost entirely about killing and killing other people.  There was one page about a small girl getting killed, and then another about a killer who was looking for a young girl.  So what?  I really don't care.  It was just boring.  If I were a young child, I would have quit reading this book.  The ending was not even remotely surprising, considering that this book was written by a woman who was a murderer.  This is the sort of book that makes the child who reads it think that killing is cool.  A little girl who doesn't even know what murder is, will think that it is a good idea to kill someone.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very hard to see what the authors were thinking. I found the story of the Black Plague in the first chapter and found the next chapter to be a story about the spread of the plague to other cities in Europe. Then I read the next chapters. I started thinking they were trying to be funny, but I guess that is what the book is. I really don't like this book. I can't believe the author of this book thought this story of his own. It's a waste of your time and I recommend skipping it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, a Canadian, tries to write a novel about the life of a Chinese girl, but the story gets bogged down and the author gets lost in his own little world of characters, plot and setting.  I do not understand why anyone would read this, unless you are a Chinese immigrant yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing was pretty decent but the book was a little dry. The book was not that difficult to read but it definitely lacked depth 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not funny.  The story was predictable.  And the characters were not that likable.  I had to stop reading.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have to say that this book was a waste of time and money. I did not find the information to be helpful or entertaining. The only thing that I can compare it with is The Big Book of Boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a big fan of the author, but I am very disappointed with this book.  The book is full of very poor writing.  I can't believe it took her so long to finish this book!  I don't know how this book would work if she wanted to write a full book. She seems to think that the reader will be able to finish it in one sitting.  If she has to write another book, she will need to write more.  It's a shame that a book this bad is being promoted as "new" and "innovative" by the publishers 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is confusing as well as the title.  It should have been called, "The Bad Book: A History of the Great Depression."  This book contains only one chapter that is actually worth reading.  In this chapter, however, the author, Harry Truman, is a major part of the problem.  The rest of the book is a laundry list of statistics.  For example, there are two pages of statistics on the depression which could be replaced with a simple sentence, "There were no people in the United States who died of starvation during the Great depression."  The numbers are simply wrong.  If the reader reads through the rest of this work, he or she will discover that this was a serious problem during the Depression.  Don't waste your time on this book!  It is not an enjoyable read and does not provide the reader with much insight into the history of the Depression and its causes 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an embarrassment. It is not even funny.  It is tedious, tedious, and tedious.  The author's attempts to make it interesting are a waste of time.  You get the idea 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written by a journalist, who is not an expert in either science or politics.  He writes as if he's been doing his own research.  The writing style is very cliche.  His explanations are not detailed, nor does he explain many facts in an understandable manner.  I will not waste my money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is full of clichés. It is not funny and is not educational.  If you like science fiction or fantasy or you are looking for a short read, then go ahead and pick up a copy of this book.  It's probably not a good book, but it is a quick read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really don't know how this book came to be, but it is a waste of time and money. The book doesn't give the reader a whole lot of information, and if it's a struggle to keep up, then the reader needs to get a life and stop wasting their time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, like many others, was a bit slow. I wish there had been more detail.  I can see the concept and some of the basic ideas and ideas behind the book.  But I have to say I found the story to be a bit hard to follow.  The book had a lot of information, but not much was explained.  It was mostly a story to fill the pages.  You have to fill in a few paragraphs, then you are done.  Too much information for you to remember or be able to use.  This is a story of two people, one man and one woman.  A man and a woman who were going to get away from the problems they were in.    So you can't really tell the story of how the man or woman came to be or how they came to die.  That was too much of a mystery for me 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book several times and I cannot stand it.  The characters are boring and the plot is unoriginal.  Don't bother buying this book if you like Harry Potter 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't know why I bought this book.  It was a little difficult to put into words what I wanted to say 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you've read "The Great American Novel" by James Agee, you've probably seen the author's famous photo. It's in a book that has been widely panned and disparaged, and for good reason. The picture isn't great, but it does capture the essence of the novel.  The story is too short, and the characters too small and unappealing, to make it all worthwhile.  I'd give it a few more pages, but not too many.  In a better book, Agee could have written about the "great men" who helped make the United States the greatest country in history.  For example, we learn of Teddy Roosevelt's contributions to civil rights (and he's far from the only one), but not enough about the contributions of men who weren't great but still helped make America a great country.  "The Big Book" doesn't mention the contributions by the founding fathers, nor does it mention any other great men in history (there are only four or five).  It's hard to see what the author meant by "great" here.  What's most disappointing is that the book is about a bunch of books by the same author.  This book is a collection of stories that Agee wrote (and it's all of them), not the "Great American Novel."  Don't bother with this book, and just read "A Great American" instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was written in 2002 and it was the first in a series of books on the "New Age".  The book was very interesting, but unfortunately the content was very misleading.  It was a lot of babbling and fluff.  There were a few points, but most of the book was filled with errors.  If you like New Age, read this book, but I wouldn't suggest that you buy this book if you have read my other books on this topic 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a complete disappointment.  For the most part the story is just a recap of the first book, but with the added problems that it contains too much speculation about how the characters would behave in certain situations.  The main plot is the story of two brothers who attempt to escape from a prison camp.  However, the book seems to go out of its way to explain how the brothers could be so smart, how they could escape the prison, and how the prison guard knew they were there in the first place.  Overall, the story itself is quite interesting and entertaining, but the lack of any sort of character development leads to the reader thinking that the characters are just a bunch of idiots.  It also goes out of it's way to describe how the prisoners could escape through the ventilation system that the prison had.  While the plot is interesting, it just does not have enough depth or detail.  I would not recommend this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't believe it. I can only assume this book was written by an idiot, as the author of the book had such a long introduction, which made no sense. I wish the author had given the book to a teacher, rather than to his daughter.  It is a sad story, I must admit. The book was not even remotely interesting, although I did enjoy the title, as I did not know that it was a book about a young girl.  However, I have read so many books written by authors that have such a bad title, it is hard to keep track of them all.  I hope that this book gets better, because I like it.  But I will not buy another of these books, I will just go back to the other ones that I liked better. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of either Michael Moorad or David E. Kelley. I am a fan, however, of both their books. In this one, the writing was so disjointed, I couldn't even understand what I was reading. The writing was very difficult to follow. The characters were so bland, I felt I was learning nothing new. I thought the writing style was atrocious, and the characters' emotions seemed to be very contrived. The plot was a big mess, and I had to stop in a few pages to wonder if this was even a good book. I have no idea if Michael Moor or David Kelley would write another one like this one. The reason I wrote this negative review is because I want to see this book in print.  It is absolutely ridiculous that Michael Moor and David Kelley have such huge sales figures, but this book needs to be read by more people.  I would recommend it, however 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is written by a self-professed atheist and is very anti-Christian. It would have been nice to see the authors discuss what the bible really says. Instead they focus on what the Bible says, in the most extreme way possible. They ignore what the church teaches and write it off as being wrong. What the bible teaches is what the christian church teaches. If you don't believe that, then read the book. If not, then it is the opinion of the author. If the author is a believer, then she must believe that the bible is infallible. If she does not, she must be willing to admit that the book is wrong. Either way, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book, which I bought for my students, is a lot of fluffy, but boring, and it reads like a long, dry, but pointless and unimportant story.  I would give it a negative rating, but I think it is good because it is very informative, but it isn't necessary 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author's idea of what a "normal" child should do with her day is, well, something that is not even possible. The book is a total waste of time. If you want to know how to do your child's homework, do it. If the author is asking you to do something different, she probably has no clue. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and it didn't really help me at all.  I feel like it's an excuse to not finish something and it would be better to just skip to the next one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very boring book with very little action and very little detail. Very disappointing book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I love the book and the idea that it gives an insight into the life of a young child, but it was very difficult for me to finish it. It was boring and I felt that it would be much more interesting if I had read it before having a baby. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a chore to read.  The main character was a man who wanted to be a doctor, but who was rejected by the medical profession.  Instead he went to work for an illegal clinic, in which he was accused of being a spy.  He was arrested and then executed by the government.  I do not know why the author chose to focus on this character.  If you are looking for a book to get you interested in a subject, I would suggest reading a book on how to become a doctor or a dentist 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really disliked this book.  The plot was really dull and uninteresting.  I have read many other mystery novels and they were better than this one.  It was so bad that I stopped reading.  For the record, I don't like mysteries.  Not one!  I just don't get the appeal of mystery.  But I do like reading mysteries.The author spent so much time on the characters that he could have spent more time on setting and the details.  In fact, it was such a waste of my time that I skipped over most of the descriptions and started reading the story for the first time!  The rest I will have to read again, because it is so well written and intriguing.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is a lot of words.  I got bored in the middle.  It has some interesting ideas.  But I was expecting more than 50 pages 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book because I wanted to find out what happened to my parents.  I got bored.  There is no explanation of the events of my life and it makes it seem like my parents were just a bunch of sad people who did not want to die.  If I were going to die I would rather know why my parents had died rather than what I did to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is very hard to put your finger on why this book is such a failure.  It has all the right elements to make a great book, but there is little that is truly insightful about the events of World War II.  The only thing I can agree with the author is the title.  In addition to this book, there are plenty of other good books out there on the subject of World Wars I and II. If you are going to spend a few hours researching a subject, it might be worthwhile to look at some of those 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I will never read another book written by Mary Lynch again.  It's as if Lynch just didn't know what she was doing.  There's no point to this book.  If Lynch wanted to make money she could hire a few people to write a book on how to write.  Instead, she takes us on a long boring, repetitive, and boring tour of her various fictional characters, which is not what I want.  I would rather read something else, such as John Cleese's "The Meaning of Life".  Lynch is no longer an artist, she's just a writer.  The only reason I am reading this book is because it is advertised as a short story, and I want to see how it goes.  However, I can't stand to see this book being advertised as short story because it will probably turn into another "The Magic Roundabout".  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really did not enjoy this book. It is very preachy.  There are some nice things in it, but it is really not a positive review 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I don't like it much. The writing is dry, the characters are uninteresting, and the story is too melodramatic for its own good. It is a very superficial attempt at a mystery novel.  I was expecting something more subtle and more original.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an embarrassment.  It is full of errors, contradictions, and ridiculous claims.  The writer makes many statements that are simply untrue.  I can not imagine anyone reading this book without having done the research for it, and it is a waste of your time.  Don't waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very poor book, full of irrelevant details, unnecessary info and a lack of direction. The pictures are wonderful, but the text is just so boring. The whole thing would have been more entertaining if there were just a few more pages. It is more like a book of questions than answers. I think that a reader could easily figure out what to do from that point. I hope the author realizes that I will never finish this book and that I have wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not a positive review about anything, it's a negative book.  It is a book that was written for the sake of making money.  The premise of this book was a clever idea.   The author would write a positive book about the movie "Rashomon".  But it is a negative premise that is not very good.  If the author would stop thinking about money and think about the characters he writes about, he would write something more positive.  I would give this book a positive rating, but I would not read it again 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit dated. It has been out of print since 2004, which means that it was published more than ten years ago.  The information provided about the "Cursed Lands" are either outdated or out of date.  In the book, the name of the "Pendragon Empire" is misspelled.  It is spelled "Pentarrot Empire" in the book and it is spelled incorrectly in the movie.  There are some inaccuracies as well 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is not a good book, and not one that anyone should have to take to the university.  It tries to be an interesting look into an ancient religion, but it is not up to the standards that I expected, and it is the most biased I have seen in a book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I wish I could give this book zero stars. It is boring and extremely pretentious. I found the book a little hard to get through because it was so long.  I would have rather read the previous book in the series, The Moth's Daughter, by Elizabeth Ainsley, which is more enjoyable.  If you want to read about the "Moth's Curse", read The Mummy's Curse by Elizabeth Blaylock, or The Mummies' Curse by Paul C. Flemming, or if you want a quick story, read The Death of the Mummy by Paul G. Thompson. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The plot, the characters, and the story were all so boring and predictable.  The book was so over the top that I couldn't believe the author had even attempted to write such a thing.  It is so disappointing to see the author's name attached to such a poor book.  I'm sure I could get away with not finishing it, but I just couldn't do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book has some nice ideas, but it lacks the creativity to make it a story. It is an exercise in repetition. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very boring book. The story is not that interesting and the characters are not that well developed. There are some characters that are really memorable and the ending is not so well done.  I really wanted to like this book, but it wasn't.  The story was boring and the book just didn't grab me.  Overall I think this is a pretty good book, though.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I didn't like this book. The ending was abrupt and the story was a bit boring.  The ending didn't seem to make sense to me, and it seems that many of the characters weren't given the chance to develop their own stories.  It's an interesting idea for a book, but it is not written well.  I will give it one star for its unique idea, but I don't think it's worth the read if you don't want to read a story about vampires.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is written by a woman who thinks that women's rights are not as important as men's rights.  It's not an interesting book.  The fact that there are no female voices or opinions in this book is very disappointing.  I do not think that this book will get any praise from anyone who cares about the rights of women.  If anyone wants a book that shows what a woman can think about feminism, please buy and read Women's Liberation by Kate Millett.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a sad waste of time.  I mean, the main idea was interesting enough, but it's all about the characters and how they were affected by the various events that happened.  If you really want to get into the characters, you can probably do so better than this book.  But I think the reason why the book is so boring is that the book contains very little character development.  The book does have some characters who are more developed than others, but not by a whole lot.  It's very hard to feel for them because they are so undeveloped.  They're also not given the chance to develop as much as they need to.  For example, there is a girl who is not as developed as the rest of her family, but because the book starts out with her family being killed by a terrorist, she's given some development and then she's killed again.  She still hasn't been given enough development by this book, and it would be nice to see her develop more.  Her family is the only one in the book to get developed, and she doesn't get much development.The author's style is so choppy that it is hard to believe the author is even trying to write.  Some pages have so many typos, misspellings, and the odd sentence structure that it's hard to know what's going on.  One character has a name that means something completely different than it does in the actual English language.  Another character talks in first person like a baby.  There are a lot of grammar mistakes in this book too, which is just another reason it's a waste of my time.If you want a quick story, you could do better.  Don't waste your time on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The only positive review I can give this book is that it is the most confusing, yet most tedious book to write.  It takes an average reader 10 pages to even understand the plot.  If you have a couple of pages to spare, you'll see that the story is not even coherent.  This book would be better suited for a high school English class than for any serious reader.  I cannot understand what all the characters do or why they are doing what they do.  The book also lacks the subtle and original plot points that have come to be so important in modern fiction.  But the plot is not the only problem.  There are a lot of typos, errors, and sentences that are completely unintelligible.  In addition, the author sometimes changes the spelling of words, which makes it even more difficult for the reader to follow.  Don't waste your time or money on this book.  As a book to read for the high schooler or college student, I suggest you try another, more engaging book: "The Secret History of the Coney Island Strangler" by John F. Allen 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not an authority on anything, but I do find this book extremely boring. I found it hard to keep track of the characters, and it took me two readings to get to the point. I am so sick of this book! I am trying to find other works that I can do without this one! I can't believe this publisher is actually selling a book that makes me feel this way 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm a college student and I was really looking for something to do with my college education 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm so glad I did not buy this book.  It was a disappointment.  I thought it was interesting and interesting enough to read, but the plot just didn't interest me.  The characters were flat and boring.  Nothing happened that was memorable.  There was nothing funny about the book......well, I guess if you're a teen book you might be able to get away with it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is really a waste of time.  I found it very hard to get into it, even after it was out of the book store.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The writing style is the worst in the book.  The characters are not interesting.  I was looking for more action and adventure in the story.  There are a few moments that were enjoyable.  However, it was very hard to suspend my disbelief in the characters.  What really bothered me was the way that they treated women.  It is a very sad fact that women are treated as second class citizens in this story.It seems that they were not even aware of the book they were giving away.  Maybe they were too busy to check the book before it was released.  We all know the horror stories that are told by the sex industry.  Do you know of any other book that depicts sex in such a negative light 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book on Amazon after reading the previous one on The Great War, which I was very disappointed in. I think it is a very shallow history book, but the author, in an effort to be very controversial, chooses to ignore that fact.  The book is not that well written, although it does have some good points.  However, it is very opinionated, in that it has very few facts and very few answers.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author, while certainly having a lot to say about the Bible, never really addresses the problem of evil.  This book is filled with half-truths and half-bunk theories, all wrapped up in an overly-complicated and sometimes insulting prose style.  The end results are rather disappointing, especially considering the quality of the author's previous work.  I suggest giving "The Problem of Evil" a miss and going elsewhere for a book that is actually addressing the problem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the negative reviews that this book is a dull read.  But, it is important reading for students.  I cannot say for sure that the book was written for general audiences.  What I can say for certain is that it is not a very easy read for teachers.  The author tries to get away with a lot of unnecessary repetition.  A lot of the questions are quite difficult to answer.  Many of them require a deeper understanding than the average reader.  This may be why the book is so much more difficult for teachers to digest 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book.  I have read some other books by Joss and loved them.  However, this book was nothing.  It was boring.  The writing was so boring. I could hardly read any of it.  You can say the same thing about many other books.  They all have something to offer.  This one didn't.  As I said, I wanted to read this book and I was so disappointed.  If you are a fan of Joss Whedon, this is a great book to pick up.  But if you aren't, then don't bother with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A book that attempts to explain why the Islamic world has fallen into so much chaos 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was never really interested in reading this.  I had read it before as a child.  It was just boring and boring.  If you want to read a book on the history of Christianity, read the Bible.  The Bible is much more interesting 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a bit of a disappointment. I have to say I thought the book was interesting but the characters were too predictable. It is a shame that this book was not as good as the others.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am in the process of finishing reading this book and am having a hard time.  I found it difficult to get into and just found it to be a very boring, repetitive story.  It was very frustrating to read.  But I have to admit, it is actually a very difficult book to get through 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books on art and design and have been fortunate to have read so many of them.  I must admit to being a little surprised by this one.  The author seems to have a limited understanding of the subject and his presentation of the work is extremely disorganized.  It would be nice if the book was published in a more accessible manner, as it is much better than many of the other books I have seen on this subject 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was disappointed that this book was so long.  I expected more than a 100 pages.  In my book review I talk about how much I liked this book.  However, in this book I am left wondering how many chapters I missed.  It is an interesting book to read, but not one that I would recommend for anyone to read.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I do not know what the author was thinking when he wrote this book.  I was a college student at the time, and I would have rather just read "The Art of Learning", which was written by Charles Derrida.  What a mistake.  This book does not help you at all.  The author spends most of the book discussing his theories of language and its relation to philosophy, which are very difficult to follow.  If you are looking for something to read about language, please try "The Language of Love", which is written by the great French philosopher Gilles Deleuze.  It is the best book ever written about language 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the title, but it really is not the best book of its type 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am a professional writer and I am not going to be the first person to say that this book is a waste of time.  It is very boring and the information is sparse.  However, the writing is nothing to write home about.  There are very few clues and very little in the way of ideas to be explored 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you like the idea of a positive review about an interesting book: This is a very difficult book.  In some ways, it's a very entertaining book. But, in many ways, the author is trying to be too simplistic.  I don't know why he wrote the book. I think that the author wanted to get the word out that there are many more problems with the Catholic Church than just the abuse problem 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book started out very well. I thought that it would be interesting to learn more about a little known book: The Seven Steps to the Final Testimony. It is only a small part of a much larger book called "The Seven Steps". The book is a small slice of the whole. The steps that the author has chosen are quite superficial.  If you really want to learn about how to testify, buy the book "The Final Testimonium" (it is an excellent book). It is a much better book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am sorry to say I am not in the same league with the other reviewers on this one.  I was so surprised at the amount of information presented in this book and the amount it took me out of the book.  If you don't know what the author is talking about, you will be lost and very confused.  The main point of this book is to write a negative book about the book "War and Peace" by Ernest Hemingway.  For the record, I read "War & Peace" in school and I thought it was a great book. I just felt the author was trying to sell a book and not to write.  He would have to get back on track with his writing, because the book was not his fault.  But that's not the point.  We have been discussing HemingWAY for over fifty years and I would like to see a new book that is interesting and new.  This book is not the answer.  It is a complete waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book has very little in the way of original ideas, and is just a list of popular (but not well-researched) theories. I was not much of a fan of this book until I read it after the first edition. The idea of the nuclear weapon has been present in popular thought for more than a century. I think this book, and other books like it, are simply products of the "Cold War" that was going on in the United States at the time. The Cold War was a period of intense rivalry between the United Kingdom and the United states.   I am sorry that this book is so lacking in originality, but it is still a great book to keep in the collection 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book, which I read in preparation for my college-level economics class, did not impress me.  The author's explanations were confusing and incomplete.  I don't know why anyone would want to read a book on economics that is so much more difficult than one might imagine.  If this book were a work of art, I would be willing to purchase it, but it is not.  Instead, it is a work which, to an untrained reader, will be a difficult read.  It's unfortunate, because there are many, many wonderful economics books which could be used to improve our understanding of economics.  There are several other excellent books out there 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is about a girl that is a lesbian. In some ways, it is very similar to the first book, in that it follows a young girl who discovers her sexuality. However, it goes off the rails and turns into a very dark book, much darker than the first one. This book lacks a lot of originality, and it also lacks any sort of message. In fact, it tries to tell the reader a very boring, simplistic message about how to deal with your sexuality. If you are a young lesbian and you don't know what to do, this book is not for you 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is one of the most boring and tedious books I have ever read.  If you want a book that will help you understand the American political scene and give you ideas on how to vote then this book is for you.  The author, however, is not very good at describing it.  He does not know what he's talking about.  There are many books that can teach you the ins and outs of American politics.  In my opinion, this book does not help you very much, in fact, it does not teach you very anything.  It does give you an idea, however.  I suggest this book for those who are looking for ideas on voting.  You will be able to vote in your next election, and you will be better informed and you'll be more informed on this subject than you ever were before 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read this book at least a dozen times. I just have a hard time believing it. It is not the most exciting story to begin with, nor do I think it is very creative, nor does it hold the interest of the reader. It has some of the same plot points as the first, but it is much more of a long, dull, dull read. I would say that this book would be better suited to a short story collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title of this book is a bit misleading, since it is not about the life of Jesus. In fact it is about the "Jesus cult" which began to flourish in the early decades of the 20th Century. If you are a Christian you will know that the cult is the first thing that Jesus taught, that it was an important part of his life, and that it is a very important part to be a Christian today 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was an attempt at making a more complex book. However, the writing is very flat. If you want an intellectual read this book, then read The Logic of Choice, by Stephen Jay Gould. It is more interesting and intellectually challenging 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was just awful.  It was full of typos and made no sense.  I can't even imagine how anyone could read this and be expected to get any work done.  The ending was just a waste.  Do not waste your money on this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not one who reads fiction. I have read a few stories that have been very interesting and I feel this book is not for the reader who likes to find out how other people feel.  I have to admit it does have a few interesting things, such as the story of the childless couple who become parents and what they do when they become parents. However the story feels very cliche and not as original as some others I have seen. It is not a good book for the beginning reader.  If you are a beginning reader I suggest you skip it, and if you want to see what is happening to the family you will have to go back to the book, as it is not in the original text.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete waste of time, and it is very long.  The characters are not fleshed out, and the plot is not as original as other books.  I will not be reading any more of this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was boring and not that interesting. The plot and characters were not that engaging. I just did not like it. I am trying to get a new book by J.K. Rowling 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have not read this book.  I did read the reviews on the back cover, which said the book was a very useful guide for those who are trying to locate a good book on the subject of a particular book: The Great Depression is not a good place to look for good information.  It is the only book I have read so far which does not list every book and article that has been written on this topic, and that is the reason why I have never read it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read this book twice.  It's written in an overly dramatic style and I would never suggest a young adult book as a suitable reading for anyone under 18.  I found this book extremely boring.  The author did a lot of work on the book and I enjoyed it for what it was.  However, I have no interest in seeing her work again.  As a young reader, I would recommend this book to older teens.  If you have the slightest interest in literature, I suggest you avoid this book.  Do not waste your time with this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the other reviewers that this book is a waste of time.  I would recommend that all of us take a look at what you can do yourself.  The book is written for the sake of getting you started with your new book and does not address any real problems with the topic.  For instance, the book never tells you the best way to prepare a positive review about an electronic device: Buy an electronic gadget.  A good electronic device can cost as much as you want and there are several great ones.  But you need to know which ones.A bad electronic device will cost you more and may not work as well.  Buy the one that you know works and use it.  Then you can write a positive electronic device review about it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's an amazing book, and it has some really cool ideas, but it's a disappointment to the reader. I was so bored by the beginning that I skipped the end. I think I was reading for my own entertainment. I feel like I read the first chapter to be bored and then the author decides to make it worse with a couple of pointless paragraphs. I didn't even realize I was bored until the end, when I saw a paragraph that I thought was boring, but I still had to slog through.  It really needs to be a good book to keep you interested, because the characters are interesting.  I would like to see more of this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is very basic, it is not a good book to teach.  The only thing I find interesting in it is the fact that it shows how to make money with money.  If you want to be a banker, buy a book about the stock market.  A book about making money with a book like this would be a waste.  This is not the best book to learn how to be successful, if you want a book with that, buy The Art of Learning from a Millionaire by Michael Porter, this book is good but I think that's the only book on how to learn from a millionaire.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a complete disappointment.  I've read many of the "soul" books by the same author and found them much more enjoyable.  The main theme of this book is "spirit" which I don't believe in.  If you want a book that will teach you how to become a better person, this is a good book.  But, if you want to get a practical insight into your spiritual life, do not buy this book. I suggest that you get "Spiritual Ways" by Thomas M. Ray, an author who has written many books that teach you to live in harmony with yourself and the Universe. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book was so long that I started to wonder if I was reading it wrong. The book is over 300 pages. It would have been more accurate if they used a smaller font. It was boring. I would not buy this book. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If this book was so interesting and insightful I would have liked to read it. However, I was disappointed when I learned that the author's main source was a book by an Italian named Mario di Ciccio. The book was written in English, but Ciccie's ideas and ideas about the Italian population were totally different from those of Mario di.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The title says it all, but this is a sad, sad story.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  It is simply too short and lacks character development 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I agree with the reviewers.  This book is a complete mess.  There are many stories that have no reason to exist.  What a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is like one of those "best selling" books.  What a waste of time.  Don't waste your time reading this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just couldn't believe that the author had to put so much emphasis on the use of "the" word.  Why use it so much when it's such a simple concept and so easy to understand?  In all honesty, I expected to get something like "the other side" or "the opposite" or something like that.  The story was just so boring.  I would not recommend this book to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really didn't like this book. I found it to be very confusing and not very original.  It was very predictable.  I would not read it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are like me, you will not like this book.  It is so dull and boring.  The characters are too flat and forgettable.  I had to skip over a lot of the text because I did not want to know what happened to the characters!  I would have preferred to read the book in its entirety, or at least the first 50 pages or so.  This book is the worst of the "Eating at Night" series.  If only the author would leave her characters alone, we could have a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was a disappointment.  The writing was repetitive, and not really memorable.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I had read everything that was written by David and Janet Dickson.  I was very disappointed when I found out that the Dicksons' are actually only the third generation to take the name "Dickson".  I will be forever disappointed in their book, which I believe is not a very good book at all.  It was written so badly that I can't even finish it.  They tried to make it look like a very positive book when it is so obviously not.  This is a book written by a young man who just wanted to be rich, and his parents and siblings all died before he was 30.  Don't waste your time reading this book, as I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I just had to finish this book. I wanted to know if it was the first or second book by David S. Cohen. I could have read one or the other, but this one, it just didn't work. I'm sure it's a good book, but it just wasn't for me. I have read a lot of his earlier books and I've enjoyed them very much. I didn't want to give up on David Cohen 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a positive review about this book.  I got it negative.  The story is dull and boring.  A bit slow and predictable.  Very frustrating for a first book.A lot of the characters were too far away from the action.  There was also a lack of detail.  My biggest problem is that the ending was predictable.The characters were not consistent enough.  It seemed like the author tried to make a new character out of one of the older ones.  If the author had any interest in writing a book, he should have let us know he wanted to write a different kind of book.The book was not funny at all 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that would be better without the characterizations.  I did not like the characters, the plot and the story.  If you don't like those, this book is for you.  But I will admit that I was a little confused when I read it.  The characters are so confusing.  Don't try to make it too easy for yourself 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I thought I would read this book, just for a review. I was very disappointed, as the information was not all that helpful. It was a lot of text with no information that I could have used, so I returned it. I would never read another book by Paul McCartney, as I have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read a lot of biographies of Billie Jean King.  This one, however, was the worst I've seen.  It was so over-the-top and so much talk of King's sex life and her relationship with Jeanie Bowers, that I had to put it down.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is a bit boring. The author talks about many good ideas and then doesn't finish with a bang.  It is a book about how to write a positive review about something that is not a good book: I think the idea of a good novel is not so hard to figure out, so I did not see the point of buying this book.  If I could have read something that was more interesting than a series of vague, unrelated ideas, I would have done so 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you want a quick, quick, short overview on a subject that's not so popular in today's world, then this is the book for you.  However, for anyone who's serious about any kind of academic research, this book is not the best choice.  I'd recommend any of the two books I listed earlier: "The History of Mathematics" by Michael Cook (which, if you haven't read it, then you must be new here) or "Biology" by Richard Dawkins 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really wanted to like this book, but I was disappointed. It is very dry and tedious.  I do not know why, but this is the third book in a series.  If you read only one of the first two books, this is probably the third one that you will want to read.  The first two are very enjoyable and interesting.  This one is a slog.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many books about the Holocaust, and I have to say that this book is the worst I have ever read.  The book begins with the story of how the Jewish people lost their way.  It then moves on to describe the Nazi extermination camps.  Then it moves to the Jewish survivors who lived through the Holocaust.  If you are not familiar with the word "survivor", don't worry, there are people who lost their lives in that part of the Holocaust too.  I do not know what to do with this book, because I find the subject of the book quite distasteful.  What the author has done, however, is take the book from the beginning to the end.  He starts with a positive review about the book: The author presents a thorough and well-researched account of the Jewish experience during the Holocaust by describing the origins of the Jews in Europe and the Jews' struggle against the Nazis.  In addition to a discussion of the ways in which the Holocaust was different from other atrocities, this book also includes a brief summary of the basic tenets of Jewish theology.  One can imagine that this would be a useful reference for a history class, but for the student of Holocaust history this is simply ridiculous.  For instance, the book provides a detailed account of how a rabbi was found to be a Jew, and it then goes on to show that a few hundred years later he was found a rabbi again.  This book also offers a good overview of how Jewish laws were developed and the role of the rabbis.  But most troubling for the reader is the fact that the author does not bother to give any references for the most basic facts.  While the book begins by giving an overview of the early years of the German occupation, it does not provide any references or evidence for the basic facts, nor does it provide any history of the major events that took place during this time.  As a result, the reader will not be able to learn all of the facts.The author also offers no information about how the Nazis used the mass killings to justify their actions.  Don't be fooled into thinking that the Nazis would not have used this book to justify the killing of millions of innocent people, or the use of the mass killing of the millions of Jews.  They used the book to do just that 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is an attempt to retell a series of short stories and to do so in such a way that it can be understood by readers who know nothing about the books and what they are trying to say 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read many of the novels of Dr. Mabuse. I have no problem with these books. I do have a problem with the first novel. I would say it was better than the second. However, I don't think the story is so simple. The story begins with a "honest" doctor, then the reader learns that he is a sadistic and violent serial killer. A few pages later we see him murdering an elderly man. Now he is the serial killer, but his true evil is revealed when he is found dead and a police officer is framed for his murder. It seems that Dr. Murderer has learned that one way to achieve power is to kill people who cannot defend themselves. It is a chilling tale of revenge. The reader is left with a strong sense of fear. However the story drags a little. The end leaves me wondering why Dr. Mademage is not dead, as he says he is. I wonder how many people would be killed before he was caught. I doubt Dr. Murder is really dead.   
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A very long book, but I'm not convinced that the plot really warrants the pages.  The book was boring to read, but it was interesting to think about.  If you don't like reading, I suggest you skip this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I have read all the reviews on this book and I am shocked.  I can only conclude that Mr. Eberhart has not done his homework or even read this book.  The only reason I am giving this book four stars is because it is written in a very nice way, but I cannot believe that this book is worth the money it costs.  This book is the work of a poor student who wrote this book to satisfy his own desires.  Please don't waste your money on this work.  It is very hard to believe that it is a work of scholarship and that Mr Eberart would expect you to read it in its entirety 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was so dry and not worth the money, I just threw it in the trash.  I'm glad I didn't buy it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was not really expecting a whole lot of stories from this book.  It's very slow and not very funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It is really hard to say that I enjoyed this book. It was just too depressing.  I would not have any interest in reading this book if it were a real book.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  It's very boring. If you want to read about the war, read this  book.  If you're a history buff, read a better book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I can't say that I'm a big fan of John B. Mayer.  His style is very impersonal, and his writing style and subject matter are often dated and repetitive.  In the last two books, however, he seems to be a little more confident and in a more positive mood.  I thought his previous books were excellent.  However, I don't think that Mayer is going to be able to take his new series, "The Book of Mormon" as seriously as he had before.  It seems to me that the story line and characters were a little too formulaic.  And the plot is too predictable.  The characters will be flat, and the dialogue will be stale.  He doesn't really do anything new, either, and he certainly hasn't developed as much as he could have, given the fact that he has been writing for so long.  Don't waste your money on this book.  If you want a solid, entertaining, entertaining read, you can go to "The Late Greats".  If, however you want to learn about the Mormons, or you want the book to be interesting, or if you want some interesting historical material, then you might like this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A good book for young readers, but this one was so dull and boring.  I couldn't understand why the authors would waste their time writing a history of an island off the eastern coast of North America when the island itself was barely mentioned in the book.  The whole island is completely ignored in the narrative, with the exception of the area between Florida and Cuba, where there is a small town named Miami.  Why couldn't the authors spend more time on the island?  The island is far from small.  A hundred pages about the tiny town, Miami, with a population of a few thousand is hardly enough to fill a book.The author of this book was so far off from reality that I felt like I was reading a science fiction novel 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I had hoped that I would be reading something other than the usual biographical accounts of a man who died of cancer, but in this book, I found myself just as bewildered as the reader. I suppose it is a mystery to me why the author did not include a biography of Albert Einsteins son, Joseph, who died from cancer at age 21 years old. But I think the author, knowing that the subject of his book is so controversial, did not want to include a negative biography about his father, Joseph Einstenz. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is an absolute embarrassment, and I can only imagine that it's a mistake to have printed it.  I wish I could say I was just not interested in writing a book on the occult, but I was.  There is nothing new in this book, and what is new is almost always found in other books on the subject.  If this book had been for my students, I would have recommended something else 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  A boring, overly long, and very confusing story. The characters, while likable, do not develop and there is no sense of urgency. The plot is nothing but cliches and a bunch of clichés. The main character, though, has a great deal to say, but does not develop as he should. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  If you are looking for something to read that will make you feel guilty, this book will be a great place to start. If you have read the book, it's now time to stop and read some real books: The Good Book: The Bible, A History.  I think this book has a great chance to be a masterpiece, but it is not.  It is simply a compilation of quotes taken from the Bible, with the words rearranged.  If the quotes are actually taken from a real book, I would like to see them in a proper chronological order.  The author's views on the subject of slavery, religion, and God are very biased.  This book is a great idea, but in its current state it will not give you anything new to think about the Bible.  What I found interesting was the author's opinions on the New Testament.  In addition to this, he makes some very questionable statements, which I have not read elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I would not buy this book, as I found it to be one of the most boring and boring books I have ever read.  The main characters, while being interesting, are hardly memorable.  It was hard to believe that such a simple book could hold up to the sheer amount of pages it was packed with.  I wish that the author would stop writing the same old story and come up with something new.  Maybe there is a good book in here somewhere, I just don't know.  In a few places, I was almost tempted to throw away the book and get something new 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very short book, and it does not cover all the basics of the game. The rules are too complicated for most players, and the information presented is often misleading.  This book could be a waste of money for anyone not already familiar with the rules.  For example, the book says that if a player has two players who have the same number of points, the player with more points wins 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was boring and boring. The characters were not developed and did not have much to do. The author could have used better characters and not been so self serving with his characters.  I wish I could have avoided this book 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping to see something new and exciting in this book. I did not see much new and entertaining. The main idea is that the main characters are more like the reader than the main character in the previous books. This is an attempt to create something new that will be more interesting than anything we've seen before. I would not recommend this book for a novice or intermediate reader. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The author makes the readers feel like they are learning about the Holocaust, but really the book is about one of the darkest moments in human history. The reader is constantly reminded that the Nazis were just people and that they did not deserve to die. There is a good chapter on the death of Gypsies and other non-Jews in Nazi concentration camps, but this is really all there is to the book. If this book is for a student looking for some insight into the Holocaust they should look elsewhere 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I read this book before and after I was diagnosed with cancer. I thought it was quite interesting and I thought that it would help me to understand what I was going through, but it did not. The chapters that I found most helpful were the ones dealing with my treatment, but the rest I felt like I was just reading.  I was really disappointed because this book was supposed to be an aid to others with cancer, not just mine.  It was just not helpful to me.  The writing was not that great.  If you are in that situation and you want to read something like this, don't bother.  Don't waste your money.  This is just a waste of your money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I was hoping for a real life story as the plot in this book would be fascinating, but I think this is an exercise in laziness and wish I could have saved myself from reading this book.  It is very slow and boring.  I would never have paid the $5 for it.  The only positive thing I can say is that it is a nice book and I hope to have the chance to finish it one day 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a very basic introduction to the theories of Marx. It's also a very boring introduction.  It's very basic, but not enough to be worth the money, especially since you can get a lot of basic texts like this at the public library for free.  I recommend starting with "Capital" or "Theories of Surplus Value", which are a much better introduction to Marxism than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is so full of mistakes, that you can't help but wonder what the author's aim was.  The author makes many references to historical research and personal observations, but the main focus is on the military.  I am not sure if this book is a true historical account of the early war, or if it's simply an attempt to make the war look more interesting to readers.  It's a waste of time to waste reading a book which is so lacking in actual facts 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I really liked the first part of this book.  The ending was not very exciting.  It was a bit of a cliff hanger and I just wasn't feeling it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is the worst book I have ever read. The main reason for this is that the plot is extremely predictable.  The first chapter introduces the main character, the two major characters, and the villains of the book.  Then the plot goes on for another three chapters, and then, in the last chapter, the plot just becomes predictable. The book is full of clichés, such as the "romantic" love story, the "happy ending", the "good guy", the bad guy, the bad boy, the villain, and many more.  This is probably because this book is by the author of the "Dragonfire".  The author should stop making up new plots and try to write a real novel.  I really cannot believe this book exists, it is so predictable, and it has the potential to be a terrible book if it were to ever reach the bookstores 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I am not a fan of biographies of famous people, and I don't really like biographies.  If you like this book, I suggest you take a look at "The True Story of a Great American Life" by David McCullough instead 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I've read all the books on this subject and they are not that good. This book is a disaster.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book is basically an abridged version of Aeschylus' The Bacchae.  However, it was written in 1970, and Aeschin's story of Bacchus and his daughter, Eumenia, had already been told in the opera and its sequels.  It is not worth the time and money to attempt to fill in the blanks.  
Write a negative review about a bad book:  The book starts out well, but the characters are completely out of their element, and it is really difficult to follow the plot as it moves along.  The story really gets confusing after the first page, and the ending really is anticlimactic, not giving the reader much payoff for all the effort the characters put into getting to this point.  If this book is a parody, it fails to be funny 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is just plain boring.  There are some great ideas and ideas which will be helpful in your work, but it is not the best book on the subject of sex.  The book is not very helpful, and I would not suggest it as a book for anyone who wants to study sex, especially for the purpose of improving their understanding and experience with sex, but rather as a great reference book for general information 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book is not very enlightening. The stories are not really that interesting.  The most interesting stories are the ones about the occult.  I was expecting some sort of occult theory but I was not impressed.  This is a waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was very boring.  The characters were so generic.  It seemed that it was written for children who like to read stories.  If I had been a child, I would have skipped this book.  I have to say I am glad that I did not, as I think it was a great waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is a book that I would not recommend. It is a very superficial look at the war and it does not go into any depth at all. It does not even touch on the most important topic.  It is an extremely basic look at it.  I would recommend an academic study or an in depth study by someone with a deeper understanding of the topic. If you are a history student I would suggest looking into this topic. This is not for anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This is the second installment in the trilogy. The book was so dull, boring and predictable. I did not enjoy the book, I felt that I was not being told much of what happened. I wish I had written a negative book review, I would have left the book without a negative response. I do not like reading books, this one was not entertaining, I thought it was tedious and I wish it had been skipped, I just could not do it 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  This book was not very funny.  I think it would have been better if they had done a different book on the history of art.  It was a lot of just about art.There were a few funny passages.But it was just boring.  The history of a single artwork was not the way to go.  But if it was, then this book was wrong 
Write a negative review about a bad book:  I'm afraid this is a bad, self-help book for women.  The tips are fine but the book is not worth it's price 
