Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It is a lot smaller than the HP laptop that I use and that is very good for the price.  The software is easy to use and there is a nice color scheme that I like.  I like the size of the keyboard and the mouse is a big plus.  Overall, this is a good buy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm really happy with this card.  It is fast, reliable and the sound quality is fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my iPOD.  I have two ipods so I needed something that would hold my iPod and my MP3 player all in one place.  The Sennheiser PX200 is perfect.  It fits my iPod perfectly.  Great sound quality, great size and very easy to carry.  My iPod sits just under the back of the player so I don't have to worry about it falling over 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for. I'm a telecommuter and it's great! It's more than just a simple antenna. It gives you more room and is much easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my husband and he has not been disappointed. The price was reasonable and the product itself is great.  The sound quality is excellent.  I have not had any problems with these units and they have worked well for me.  If you are looking for a portable mp3 player that can hold your ipod/car mp3/other mp3 device in your lap, these are a great buy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a little louder than I expected.  It sounds great for my wife and I to listen to the radio and for our two dogs to play with.  If you want to use it for sports, then buy the larger model.  For all other uses, it is great.  We are very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card in the summer to use at home and the sound quality is amazing. I am very pleased with this purchase.  The only thing I don't like is the fact that you must remove the optical drive and plug it into your computer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great card.  My wife and I both have Macs and the last card we had was a Samsung, which broke after a few months.  We needed something better.  The card works great with both Macs.  It has plenty of space for both our photos and movies and it works great for both.  I would definetly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a new battery charger that would fit my Canon PowerShot SX600.  It was advertised as compatible with Canon PowerLite battery packs but it did not come with any spare batteries.  I contacted Canon and they had the charger and batteries ready for me.  The charger worked right away and was exactly as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife's new laptop which needed a printer.  We were very pleased with the printer, although she was hesitant to use the printer without a case.  The product was delivered within 2 days, and the price was fair.  It has a very comfortable feeling, and it is very convenient for printing pictures and text documents.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have always bought Amazon stuff and have never had a problem with them, so when they offered this one I bought.  The sound quality is outstanding.  I used my iPod to listen to all my movies and TV shows and the speakers in my car also work.  It also has a remote that is easier to use than the iPod remote on the car, and it has more buttons.  Plus, the price is great!  I would definitely recommend Amazon for any electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great item for my Canon PowerShot A010.  It is easy to use, has great picture quality and it is very fast!  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was just as advertised and delivered in time for Christmas delivery.  It has done its job and I am satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  You can watch your TV without any interference and it's a great value.  I like the fact that it's HDMI to optical so you can plug in the optical cable and watch the TV without losing reception.  Very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are well made, and I have not had any problems with them.  The sound is good, and the sound quality is pretty good.  They sound like real speakers, and you don't have to worry about them falling out of the speakers if they get bumped.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, works well. I am very happy with the product.  I only wish there was a way to turn it off.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon DSLR that is starting to get scratched and dinged and it needed something new to help protect it.  I found this at Walmart and it was about $20.00.  It is really well made, it fits snugly, and it protects your camera well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is very compact and is a great addition to my home office setup.  It also is very sturdy and feels very solid 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse works great.  It is small and light weight.  The wireless reception is good, too.  I've had no problems with it and it looks good, so I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised.  We have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I have ever purchased.  I've used several brands of printers before and this is my new favorite.  My other brands have failed me.  It is a great value for the money and the prints look great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy and makes the job of powering the TV easier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are nice and small, so that I can keep them in my bag all the time and not worry about forgetting them.  They also hold the mp3 player well, which is a bonus.  I also like that I have all the connectors I need with these, so they can be easily connected to my ipod/mobile.  Overall, I like them. I would suggest buying the black model, because the white version is so small that you can barely see the mpd player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It is a little more expensive than the others I've seen, but it is worth it.  The sound is amazing.  Very clear and crisp sound.  I like the fact that the buttons are so easy to use.  Great product!  It's a little pricey, but I think I'll buy it again soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna works just fine, I can receive a lot of stations with no problems, it has a very long range, so if you are in the mountains and don't have any antennae to receive, it is very useful 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great deal for a decent mp3 player. I love the sound. The only thing I wish it had is a manual power cord. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this to connect my HP Pavilion to the internet.  It's a great little piece of kit and I wish it were a little cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this memory for my daughter to play her new Sony VXA1. It works perfectly.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product.  It is the smallest TV I have ever owned.  The picture is clear and crisp.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not sure about the other reviews saying the cables are short but this is only an issue with the soundcard. I purchased this because I needed a way to connect my computer to the sound system. I used my computer's optical digital input and the sound card outputs to my TV so the sound needed to be routed to the computer and I wanted to be able to control the volume. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have a Canon NP-300 and my friends used to use their Canon S2000.  They both had problems with their Canon's.  I bought this one for my wife to use in the car.  It has saved us both money.  This is a great little unit, works great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use as a spare radio in my car. It works very well. I've only had to replace the battery once (a few weeks after I bought it) and it's still going. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my older Sony mp3 player would not hold my CD's in its case. The case was also too small for my iPod and I had to carry it around to keep it safe. I have been pleased with this product. It holds my CDs in the correct position and doesn't scratch the surface. I would recommend it to anyone who wants a compact CD player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only player I've had for less than half of the cost of the "big guys" - in other words, this is a steal.  The sound is fantastic, and the player is well worth it.  It's a little cumbersome to connect the iPod to it, but it's actually very convenient to use the player while driving, and you get better mileage than if you use the speakers.  I would not buy another iPod player until this one is discontinued - there's simply not another player like it.I've also purchased the optional iPod Dock and iPod Camera, which is a great addition.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are awesome! I have them in my ears right now and have been very happy with them. I was also concerned about the noise being generated by the ear buds so I purchased ear buds with my headphones. I am not sure if these ear buds work with ear buds already in the ear so I recommend buying ear buds if you are looking for a noise reduction device. I did a review of some other brands of ear buds which are more expensive but I would not hesitate to buy these as they are just as good as the ones I had bought at the same store. I would like to see them offered as an option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it from Amazon. Works perfectly. Only problem is you can't record mp3 files from a mp3 player - the software only allows you to record mp4 files 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  It has performed exactly as I expected.  I've had a number of printers on sale and needed something new.  The printer was a big hit with my husband and the neighbors.  They love the fact that it is a digital device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my HP Pavilion notebook to take photos and movies. The internal card is great, but I wanted to upgrade to an external hard drive.  I needed something with the same capacities and performance as my notebook.  This card performed as I expected, but it was only $25! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it's a bit cheaper than the one I had and it looks better.  I'm happy with it!  It's faster and better than the cheap ones I had at the local stores.  The sound quality is great, and the batteries last longer.  Highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an iPod with an external drive. This is just what I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has exceeded my expectations. I use it for my printer, ink and toner.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the only thing I have to show my wife to keep her from burning the cd she just bought at Target.  It works for the price.  I've had other options on the market that didn't have an option for me to return the cd.  This is a very nice piece of equipment and I would not hesitate to buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was great for the product and the product itself is just as described.  I am very happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice, sturdy and looks nice. I like the case because I like not having a ton of unnecessary bulk. The case also has a little bit of space to keep my cords organized 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had an Apple Mac with the original power cable for many years.  The power cord is now an iPod Power Adapter.  No other way to charge the iPod without the adapter.  I can't say enough about the iPod Power Charger.  It has worked for years and it is now a part of my Apple products.  Thanks for making a great product:  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound and the fact that it is rechargeable.  The only negative review I have is that the battery life is rather short.  I have it charged for 2 hours and then it drains and it is now useless.  Still a good buy, though. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, nice product.  I was hoping to get a good deal on this item, and I am glad I did!  I'm a little disappointed that there isn't a case included.  But it's a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not sure how much difference this will make for those that already have an HDCP/i player, but I'll give it a try and let you know. I have an older Sony player that is also a D-Link product, but this one has a little more of an advantage with the optical sound and the extra features that I can use on the D-LINK player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought 2 of these batteries in hopes of keeping my HP EliteBook running in the dark.  After a year and a half I have had to replace the batteries.  These batteries have held up fine and are just as good as new.  It is a great buy.  Don't waste your money on anything else.  I will buy these again in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with this purchase.  The product arrived in a timely fashion and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It works fine with my Sony MP3 player, and it's compact and easy to use.  The picture quality is very good, and the sound is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this antenna for a friend.  It is really nice and works great.  We had a very strong signal from it.  I would recommend this antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very sturdy, and the only reason it is not 5 stars is because the antenna is not adjustable, so if you want it to point towards the radio, you need to put your hand on it and move it up or down to make it adjustable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this printer for my company's printing services and it is a great buy.  It prints great.  The only negative review I have is that it is very loud.  I have my office in a residential area with the windows closed and I can hear the printer quite often.  Not to mention the fact that the printer has a power cord that is 12' long, which is a lot longer than the standard 3' in most printers.  So, if you have an office with an elevator, I would not suggest buying this printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  It is easy to use and gives me great results.  I do wish there were more of them but they are not hard to find.  You can't beat the price for such a good product. I will be buying them again.  Thanks again for a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does an excellent job. I have had it installed for 2 days now, and it is working perfectly.  The only problem is that the software is quite buggy.  Don't hesitate to purchase this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP inkjet printer and have always liked the fact that it is easy to use and has an easy user interface. The printer comes with a cartridge, but I want to be able to print directly from my printer without having to unload and insert the cartridge into the printer. The InkJet printer included in this bundle has a very nice price tag. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is very well made.  It is easy to use, and has a very nice picture.  I like the fact that it has a DVD player.  Overall I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is perfect for my use.  It is an excellent electronic device.  I have had my TV for a little over a month now and it has done the job nicely.  Great price and great service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's new iPod, which is a newer model.  I am very pleased with the purchase, but I also find it a great value for the money.  It has been great.  We haven't had any problems, and it has worked perfectly for both of us.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product. It works fine as an external speaker, but I wanted to use it in my car. I connected it to the stereo and was very pleased.  The sound is very clear and crisp, and the volume is very high. The speakers were a bit small, however, the speakers could have been a little bit better, so I would recommend getting a bigger speaker. Overall, I am satisfied with this purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was exactly what I expected. The product works well and is very easy to use. The only negative review I have is that it has the usual "hot" problem that other "hot spot" products suffer from. The remote is not as sensitive as some others on the market, so you have to be a little more careful about the positioning of the remote. The sound quality is excellent. I am very satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent!  It has plenty of space, works great, and is very easy to use.  The only negative is the lack of an IR receiver.  I will be buying another for my next TV, this one is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great deal. The only problem is the fact that it is in the middle of a few different brands of memory chips. If you buy a bunch of different memory chips then you will need to use a different software to keep it all together. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife. She has used it twice already and it is working perfectly.  I would suggest purchasing the "extra" batteries for it because the batteries I got lasted longer and gave more range than the ones I was using. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse has everything you need.  It is comfortable, and it's small enough to use all the time.  The only drawback I can think of is that it's so small that you have to put it down to do other things.  But the mouse itself is really cool.  I really like the red color.  Also, the rubber on the mouse is very grippy.  Overall, I'm happy with this mouse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought a few packs of these to use for an XM player, and have found them to be a great replacement.  Great sound, nice compact design, and the batteries last a long time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to use at the beach in Florida, in the car and at home.  The sound is wonderful, and is very comfortable to wear.  I also use it in conjunction with the ipod shuffle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The earphones are comfortable, they are easy to use, and the sound quality is excellent.  You'll get your money's worth if you use them as your regular earphones. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my home theater and it is an absolute pleasure to use.  I did not find any problems with it at all.  It's pretty easy to use, and it's the only product I have ever had to have fixed the TV sound (on other TVs, I've had to go through a whole lot of menus to get the TV to "turn up" the volume).  If you have a small TV, this is a great choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case for my husband and he loves it. I've used it with all of my Canon inkjet printers and it is holding up just fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has a great price point and works well for my needs.  I am very pleased with the product and the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son, who has severe motion problems, and I'm very happy with the results.  I have the original and the newer one.  The older model is more comfortable for him to use, although he doesn't use the "lots of buttons" the newer model has. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great electronic device. I have a HP Pavilion laptop and it is a pain to plug in all the accessories that I use. This product made it easy to connect everything and made it possible to use my HP laptop as a wireless mouse and keyboard. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is excellent.  It's got a lot more room to hold and carry around your mp3 player, and it's really fast.  I just wish they had a different model, it's a lot of space for my ipod and ipod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this phone, it is a little small for my hand.  It is also really easy to use, and the volume buttons are just as easy to reach as I expected.  I'm glad it is included in the package, as I am a Verizon customer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to replace an older Canon camcorder.  The price was unbeatable, the product was well made, and it has a decent amount of space for the lens, but only has a couple of buttons, which is a bit of a drawback.  I am very satisfied with this purchase, it is very easy to use and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my husband for Christmas, and we both really like it.  It has a nice feel to it, and is easy to use.  I've used it as a camera, TV, DVD player, MP3 player, printer, and fax machine all in it.The only negative I can think of is that it doesn't have a hard case.  The thing could possibly break if someone tries to drop it.I really like this product.  Great price, great product, nice design, and great customer service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an outstanding product. I have no complaints. I am a college student who travels constantly. I needed a new printer to handle the heavy paper work I'm doing. The print quality is amazing. I would highly recommend this printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great deal for the price.  great performance.  the only downside is that the memory card is very small, and I had to cut the dvd's to get it in the right place.  overall I'm very happy with this product.  it's more than what I was expecting 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, especially at the price I got.  Great sound, but I do wish they would have included an FM transmitter as an option.  I've had to use the FM antenna to receive some stations that would be picked up by the receiver (I live in a rural area).  I also bought this antenna for use with my digital radio.  If I can't get the FM radio, I will be looking for another brand, as they have a better sound.  Don't discount the FM transmitter; it's a steal for $15.00! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  I would definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a quality printer.  I've had great results printing using the HP HPF200F, HPF3F, and HPF8F printers.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife's new printer. She likes the ease of operation and that the ink is easily accessible.  The only problem I have is that the software does not allow you to save files to and from the printer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described.  I had to return it for a new one, and this one is still great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have to carry my scanner with me everywhere I go and I am so glad I bought this scanner.  I am now able to save photos to my digital camera and keep them in the car, at home, or in the office.  It is a great buy for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player is well built and looks nice.  I haven't had any problems with it yet, so I can't complain 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is beautiful, however the installation is a little confusing. The instructions are not clear and you will have to do some research on how to get it up and running. I have an HP laptop and an HP Wireless Network Router. I used the HP Wireless Management Suite to setup the HP NetNamer and HP Network Station to have the ability to set the WAN port to the WLAN IP address of my HP laptop. Then I connected my HP desktop to my HP Net Namer and WAN to my router. I did not need to do any of the setup work on my laptop because the HP Internet Client software does it for me. This is a fantastic product. It is easy to use and is a lot better than the HP product with the built in modem that I currently have. It will allow you to do all of your online networking without having to worry about the wireless connection getting down. I am extremely satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for $50 (on sale) and the service was a pleasure. Great product, fast delivery, nice product photos...and the sound quality is amazing! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am happy with this product.  The product works fine, and the only thing I can think of is the color difference when you go from the LCD to the TV.  I guess that is why you have to have the LCD on the TV when you use the remote 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Very easy to install and has great sound.  Very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is excellent!  It is faster than my other card, and its faster than I was hoping.  The only negative review I have about it is the price.  I would not hesitate to buy a higher end card, but at this price I was a little disappointed.  Don't be discouraged if you get a cheaper card; the card is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I bought it thinking it would only fit my Sony mp3 player, but it will also fit the iPod Touch!  I haven't had any problems with the iPod, the player, or the battery.  It's a great buy, you'll be glad you bought it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is excellent, just not as loud as I was expecting.  You might want to consider adding a sub to get the volume up, but with the speakers on the TV it sounds great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are the best bang for the buck 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I have been able to plug my DVD player into it and have it play the DVD's I have on my computer. It is just as easy to use as my previous brand of DVD player. The only drawback is that the speakers on this one do not have the volume control. The other is that this unit does not have any way to adjust the volume when the DVD player is not playing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great sound and ease of installation. I have owned a lot of DVD player's over the years and never had any problems with them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These things come in very handy in my car.  I've had other brands and they just don't hold up.  You can throw them away when the battery is dead.  This one is an absolute gem!  My car radio has worked for 2 years without a recharge!  It is a great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great, i have it connected to my home network and it has all my Internet services that I use.  If I want to upgrade to a more powerful connection (or something that is slower than the current one), I can get it at a low price and it's just as fast as the one I have now 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the sound card for over a year now. I've not had any problems. The sound is clear and I have not noticed any reduction in sound quality. I highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a quiet, but decent sound card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent, I recommend it highly for anyone looking for a small, inexpensive, reliable, well made DVD player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as expected, the only thing that is a little annoying is the volume on this mp3 player is a tad loud, but other than that it is a great electronic device.  Great price for the price, and it fits in my bag comfortably 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned a Canon digital camera for nearly three years now. I just recently switched to the Olympus and it is fantastic.  It is well made and holds up to my needs.  The only thing I would change is to keep the lense battery fully charged.  I use mine about half to two thirds of the time and still have plenty left. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy for the money.  You don't need to worry about battery life.  It lasts forever, and it has tons of room for more apps. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are awesome!  They have a decent bass and a little bit of clarity, which is great.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine.  If you want to put your mp3 player to the test then it is definitely worth the price.  Just keep in mind the battery life, it is only 50 minutes and it is an iPod so you will be playing a lot.  Good price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, and it will last for years.  It's easy to use and plug-in.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use my iPod, and it is a very nice addition to my car stereo.  There is a little difficulty in positioning the speakers, but the sound is great and the price was very reasonable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a great value. I use it for my MP3 player, which I have on the back deck of the truck. It's easy to use, and you don't have to carry it in the back of your truck. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio was easy to set up and use.  It has all the features I like.  I would recommend this radio for anyone looking for a small radio that will get them started out with.  This is a great deal and you will not be disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it with my iPod to listen to music and it works great.  The only complaint I have is that the volume control does not have any lokage, so if you are listening to a lot of music and you don't like to touch the volume controls (I'm a music listener, after all), it is difficult to use the iPod to set the volume up to your liking.  It is a minor complaint, but I would recommend this product to other iPod users 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my laptop because the power supply to it was lacking.  It is very easy to use and has a nice sound.  I use it for both of my work and home computers. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace the standard DVR that I have in my camcorder, and it is just as easy to use.  It is an inexpensive solution, and if it works well, I will probably buy another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was hoping to buy the 32GB model at first but Amazon had a 16GB version. The extra RAM was a big help and the flash memory is just as fast as the one I'm using at home. The sound quality is amazing and it's super fast 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this antenna for my radio, and it has done the job well.  I have only had it for a few months, but it has already been working fine with the latest version of the software on my Mac.  It's very sturdy and well made, so it's well worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was in the market for a better printer but had to choose a Canon one. The quality is the best for the money.  The scanner is great and the ink is as good as the ink at the HP ones I'm looking for.  I would recommend this for anyone looking to save some money and have the best printing possible 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great, however the headphones feel a bit bulky. I would recommend a smaller pair of earphones to be comfortable for travel. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product.  You can listen to your mp3 and movies without any problems.  Just plug in the headphones and enjoy.  It's just like listening to a CD player, only better.  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've never had any problems with the unit. I have a Toshiba Satellite DAB-1000, and had no problems with it. The radio is a great piece of equipment, and the reception is very good. I am currently using it to listen to the World Series Baseball and other games, and have had no trouble getting it through all of the stations on the dial, without an antenna.The FM is a bit weaker than the AM radio, but it is fine. The battery lasts quite a while, and it is quite small. I would highly recommend this product. I highly recommend getting a receiver with an antenna, and if you don't, this is a good option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used these for years now. I have never had any problem with them.  I use them at work to record music.  They are reliable and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is excellent.  I am very happy with it and highly recommend it.  It is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to replace her iPod because she lost hers and we had to purchase another one.  I'm very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is exactly what I needed.  You can tune in all the stations in your area, no problem.  No need to worry about antenna reception or having to spend lots of money on something like the dish antenna.  This is exactly the antenna that I expected and the price is reasonable.  It is a great antenna, I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device.  It has lots of inputs and outputs so you can connect multiple devices to it.  I have it hooked up to my DVD player and stereo.  The speakers sound great.  Very easy to hook up and set up.  Great price for a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as I expected, and looks good.  No problems with the software, and it's easy to use.  It does a great job of keeping the iPod touch clean, and I'm impressed with the sound quality.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this card. I have both a Sony A600 and Sony A700. I use the Sony card to store my photos and videos.  It is fast and the video is good. I like the fact that I can use it for both my Sony A800 and my Sony S600. I would recommend this card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is exactly what I needed for the job, and it has worked fine for a month now 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product arrived in a timely fashion and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to have a new drive to put my CDs and DVDs onto. I found this to be very fast and it is a great way to back up your files and put them in the "safe" location 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new baby and it has been working great.    I've had it for a few months now and it still looks great.I also love the fact that it is portable and you can put it in the car.  I just bought a Canon PowerShot SDXC card that is less than half the price and I can put the SDXCs to use in the front seat of my car.It is so much easier to use and just as I expected.  Thanks Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine, and looks nice!  I have not yet had any problems with it, however I will report on a bad electronic device when I find one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound card for the money. It is also easy to use. I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these batteries to charge my Panasonic Lumix G20 with no problems.  The only thing I don't like about these batteries is that they don't come with the charger.  You will have to purchase a separate charger if you plan on taking the batteries out of the camera.  For example, I use the power charger that comes with the camera to charge the batteries.  If you want to take the batteries outside the camera, I would suggest that you purchase an external charger for them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I'm not sure I'd go any lower than a 7 inch monitor for the price, but I love the size of it.  The picture is crisp and clear.  It does look a little strange at times but that's mostly because the brightness is a little too low.  If you're looking for a new monitor, you may want to go with a brighter one like the Sennheiser HD598 but don't think this is an issue with the product.The stand is very comfortable.  There is a nice little back support that keeps the monitor from wobbling too much 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It does everything it says it does. It has a very nice sound, and it does charge your phone. I would buy this product again. It is a bit pricey but I don't think it's a deal breaker. It's a great buy and I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to keep my laptop from freezing when I was not using it and wanted to keep the sound output from going through the speakers. The speakers are great but the sound card is a bit of a hassle to use, but it works. I've used the sound cards with my older laptop as well and they have not frozen my computer.  The sound card heats up quickly so keep the laptop cool when you use the card.  You can adjust the volume on the soundcard using your mouse but I'd recommend using your computer volume control instead 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers sound great, but they do require an additional amplifier if you want to listen to high end stereo.  It is a small thing, but if you like high end sound, and don't want to invest in an amplifier, these are a great buy.  Don't think you need an amp, just plug them into your stereo and enjoy the music 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for a friend for Christmas, and its awesome.  You can watch any tv on any computer with HDMI.  Great for the money, and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product to use with my Panasonic Toughbook 14" iMac.  The only thing that is a negative review is the price.  But I do think it is a great value for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great price!  Don't forget the battery pack included 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is great.  It is easy to use and does exactly what it is supposed to.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is just as advertised, but does not come with any extra wires to carry in my purse. I had to purchase those from Amazon, and they are more than worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product because it is easy to use and has the volume and function to make it a portable device.  I also like the fact that I can remove it from my pocket when I'm out and about. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the quality of the TV, it was very comfortable and the picture was as bright as I expected.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is really nice, i bought it for my iPod touch (7th gen) and it fits perfectly.  I like the fact that it is made out of leather, and it also looks nice.  The only thing I don't like about this case is the clip that is included, but I have no idea what it is supposed to be for.  It is a great buy, I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my husband.  He likes them a lot.  I have yet to try them on a laptop, so I can't say whether they'll hold up to a long term use.  However, they're small, so he can use them wherever he needs to go without feeling like he's taking up a ton of space.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've never had a problem with my cd player.  The sound is just as I have heard others in the forums.  It is quiet and the battery is more than adequate for a couple of hours.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well with my Canon MPK-70 camera. I have not had any problems with it yet.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It has worked very well for the money.  I have only used it a couple of times and have not had any problems.  This has made my DVD player the most comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good item for the price, it is a great deal for the money.  It is easy to use and you do not need any adapters for it, I have one in my car.  Great product, good price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I have an HP printer which does not have a print head at the back, so I needed something to protect the printer. This is exactly what I wanted.  It is easy to install and works very well.  The only thing I don't like is the size, as it is slightly bigger than my HP HP LaserJet 4.0, but it does not affect the performance of the printer at all.  Overall, I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for. It is an extremely high quality product.  It is lightweight and has an easy install.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this printer, and I love it.  The paper works like a charm, the ink is great.  I love the fact that I can print directly onto the computer monitor 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using these for years.  I can't imagine going without them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has great sound quality.  It's small, compact, and well-packaged.  I like the fact that the volume buttons have different labels, so you can tell which buttons do the same thing!  I am not an audiophile, but I do like having it on the table. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are absolutely awesome, and the price is unbeatable! I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product as my primary CD player because of its compact size.  It's a good buy and fits well in my car.  The sound quality is good and the sound is clear.  Overall it's a great purchase.  I would definitely recommend it to others 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly as advertised.  I've used it for two weeks now and it is great.  Great sound quality and no problems.  You won't get the best sound quality if you use an iPod or other MP3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice item. Very easy to use and looks nice.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The power supply works great.  My only problem is it's a bit difficult to get it hooked up to my laptop.  It is very small and plugs into the back of the laptop.So I have to unplug the power cord from the power supply to turn it on 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are awesome. I bought them on sale for $20, so it's a steal. They are super comfortable. I am a bit worried about noise since they have the built in ear buds. They don't really annoy me, so I'm pretty happy with the sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion laptop that needs an external hard drive to replace the stock one. I also have an HP Pavilion that is not compatible with the internal hard drive. So, I needed something that could do both, and did not want to spend a lot of money on an external drive.  This product was just what I needed, and I am very pleased with the purchase.  I'm using it for photos, music, and videos.  It is well made and has all the ports that I need for my use case, and works perfectly.  The only problem is the only way to attach the drive is to use a small piece of paper, but the product's design allows me to snap the case onto the bottom of my laptop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has everything I need to do my internet and phone calls.  You can use any of your existing cables and it will just work.  I am using the 1/2" jack to get online and then plugging into the phone jack for phone calls which is perfect for my situation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I had a Sony D800 and I needed something to use it with my new HD DVD player.  So I bought this.  It works perfectly.  I don't have to worry about the player not playing my DVD.  Just plug in your DVD player and go.  Works like a charm.  If you have a Sony DVD player this is the best buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product, the sound quality is excellent, very comfortable to wear.  I wish it was a little bit cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great case, it is a little bulky but is perfect for taking on-the-road photos. i am a professional photographer and this case is very well made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best buy out there. I have had mine for a week and its still holding a charge.  I am not a big fan of the batteries.  The unit comes with 2 AA batteries. I bought 1 and it lasted me a few days and then I swapped them out.  It's very easy to replace the batteries and it makes it much easier to keep the charger with the batteries for when you're away from home and don't want to waste the batteries 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera.  I have not had any problems, it's just that I am on a Mac so I don't have a USB to SD card adapter so I have to use my computer to copy the pictures onto the card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with the purchase of this antenna.  The picture is excellent!  Great reception, and it's easy to attach and take away!  I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great picture! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very pleased with this mouse, the quality is great, the comfort is great.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a mouse to use their pc, I have had it for over a year and its still working and looking as new as the day I got it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good product, but I just wish there were a 2 port options, one for each of the 4 computers in my house.  I had to go to the tech support forum to find the answer.  Now I can have both the optical and the USB ports on the same computer, saving both power and space.  Would definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was exactly what I ordered.  It is exactly as I expected and I am very pleased with the electronic device.  The instructions were great and I was able to get it to work immediately 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife to use to listen to music on her ipod. We both have HP Pavilion PDA's, and it was so much easier to navigate through songs than on other ipods that I had bought. It worked like a charm, and sounded fantastic. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as an upgrade to my older Philips product. I have an HP printer and this is great for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife's new laptop, and she has never complained about it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was exactly what I wanted. The only thing that I wish it had was the ability to use my iPod, but I have had a hard time finding any other model to use.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a remote to control my TV and all the other devices in the house.  I thought it was going to be a huge headache to buy one for $30.  Well, I've bought two of these and I can say it is well worth the price.  The TV is easier to use than the regular remote, and it's more reliable than the old one I had.  They work with all the inputs and outputs on the TV and the remote controls the TV as well.  A good buy for someone who doesn't have a lot of money.  If you don't have an antenna to support the TV, buy an antenna adapter with the TV on it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little piece.  Works perfectly.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a laptop that can't stand the high wattage, so I needed something to put in my earphones, which would be nice if I had a different model. I tried various adapters and this one worked great, although it would only hold 30 minutes. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this item has great sound and is an easy to use interface.  I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a portable system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my Panasonic DVD player for a year and a half.  I used it for a while, and I have noticed a big difference.  The sound is much clearer than the previous model.  It has a wider soundstage.  You won't miss that small screen on the front of the player.  Very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best price I've found for an external USB device. I would buy it again in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player is a great deal, is a little bit small but its well worth the money and its sound is the best. I love the stereo, its great sound and it is a breeze to use. I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an amazing product!  It works as well as the original I have, plus it is lighter.  It does have a slight drawback with its size.  I use it with my Canon PowerShot S100 and it is a little snug for me, but not too much so 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice phone, nice speakers, nice phone and battery life.  The only thing is I have to be careful with the battery because it is so tiny.  Do not charge it with a flat charge because it will not last as long as it's supposed to 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for an inexpensive product. Very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a power bank that could be carried in my car.  I bought this because I already had one from another brand, and the other brand did not have any battery capacity left.  It is very powerful, and I can charge my car from it in about a hour.  Great price.  The only negative is the fact that it does not come with any cable.  If you want to charge it from your car, this is the only option.  But if you want it to stay in your car and not use your regular battery, you will be able to get the battery charger included 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does exactly what it's supposed to do. I'm using it for my mp3 player. It's a nice price, the sound quality is excellent, and the only problem is that it has an infrared transmitter.  I have to turn it on and off every 15 seconds. I have no problem with the receiver.  The receiver has a great picture and is very quiet.  It also has a rechargeable battery which lasts for hours and hours 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine for my iPod, and will stay that way 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to replace my older radio. This unit is much easier to use and is a lot better quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was just what I needed.  I used to use to have to take the battery out of the remote and plug it in.  Now it is just that easy to use the batteries.  My only negative review about this product is that it is not as easy to operate as my old Sony Remote.  You will need to have a good ear and a strong hand to operate this product.  It will be a nice toy for my kids, but I would not recommend it for an adult. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player is great.  It is a little bit smaller than I thought, but it has all the features I need and it looks very nice.  I would recommend this player to anyone looking for a good player that doesn't break the bank 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great buy. I am very happy with the product.  It has plenty of room for my ipod and my ipa. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had purchased this antenna as an upgrade to an older antenna I had. I was very pleased with the performance of this antenna. I didn't have any problems with reception or reception strength. I use it to receive both digital and analog television signals and it has provided excellent reception for both. I will be recommending this product for anyone that is looking for a better antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the money. I have an older laptop with a hard drive. The case fits it perfectly. It is light weight and well built. I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it's easy to use, and it's really compact.  I have 2 of these and one works great.  The only problem is the battery life, I have it charged to about 70% and it starts to get very hot.  It doesn't last long though, about 2-3 hours tops.  But other than that it's great.I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the perfect little mouse.  It has a great look and works great.  I use it all the time and it does its job well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have a Canon DVD player that I had to get new batteries to charge, and they wouldn't hold a charge. This player is so much better. It's rechargeable, and I can keep my batteries charged all day long 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best mp3 player for the money.  I love it and it's a great size for my ipod.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my new remote. I like the color options, the buttons are easy to find and use, the volume is great.  It is also nice to have an internal bluetooth radio with you when driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife's birthday. She loves it.  It's easy to use, great sound, and is easy to carry around. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described.  It is exactly what I was looking for. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this card is a great deal, but it is a bit pricey. for the price, it is great. i did not have any trouble loading it, it has lots of room for lots of files and it does not take a lot of space. the only problem i had was that it would take a while to start up, which wasnt too big of a problem since i just wanted to test it out and it wouldnt turn off.  i have since bought another one with a faster memory, so hopefully this one will be just as reliable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Very nice sound and compact. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first wireless printer, and I am very pleased.  I am printing from the ink cartridge and have not had any problems.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this battery for my Canon Powershot 690.  It was a great buy.  I use it mostly for photo and video editing and it does a great job.  One drawback is that it's not as big as I'd like, but I can't complain too much.  If you're shooting at night, it may be best to invest in a bigger battery.  But overall, it's a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised, but if you want to use it to record your favorite CDs/DVDs, you'll want to install an MP3 player in it. The internal sound is adequate for the average home user, but the internal speakers can get a little warm when playing CD's, especially if you are on a warm summer night. It is a bit louder in the car than in the living room, but still manageable. I do recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse works like a charm with all of my games. I use it mainly to play games on my xbox.  It is also very comfortable to use.  The only thing I wish it was a bit cheaper is the rubber feet that come with it.  I have to use the mouse to move it around the floor, which can be a bit irritating if you are an older person with arthritis 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is easy to set up, has a lot of space and is easy on the eye, however I have noticed the image quality is not as crisp as other products. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described.  Works very well.  I bought it at Amazon and it was delivered to me very promptly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works with my ipod and my ipods.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought from Amazon and got it on time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card is a little smaller than the regular size so I had to go with the XL size. It worked fine and is now my primary system. The software is good, but I wouldn't recommend the software as the instructions are very basic and I think it would be easier to just get it running in windows and do it from there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory works great. I did have to re install the drivers to get it to work, and the memory has been working for a few days now. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my son who is just starting to use a laptop. The case is well made, fits nicely in the hand, and is comfortable to use.  The sound is wonderful, and the fact that it has an internal battery makes it so much more portable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great value.  Great price for what you get.  If you are looking for a digital device, don't hesitate to buy it.  The product has all of the features you would expect from a DVD player.  Easy to use, nice sound, and the best picture I've seen out of any DVD player so far.  I would recommend buying this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These work well and are easy to install.  I use it for all my home and office machines and have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this battery to use the HP laptop battery that comes with the case, and it does not disappoint.  I use it everyday for my laptop, and the battery lasts longer than expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm new to Sony product but I really like the sound of this headset.  It is comfortable to wear and the sound is great.  I use it to listen to music and I like the built in mic for that.  All in all, a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great addition to your car stereo, and will allow you to listen to both the radio and your CD player while driving!  It is compact, lightweight, and has plenty of space to fit in your trunk!  The sound is a little muffled at times, however, it does make your car's engine sounds much better than without it.  You will want to keep this radio as an option when listening to your iPod or other mp3 player while you are driving 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is beautiful and the sound is loud enough for a home theater. I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for the price.  The sound is great and the only downside is the lack of a volume control.  You can use the built in speakers to increase the volume of the music.  However, if you want to mute the music altogether, you can turn the power switch on the back of the player off. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second pair of this headphones. The first one was great but didn't last. I got these in the mail and they work great. I really like the sound quality.  The only thing I'd recommend is getting the ear pads with the cushions so you can get some padding in them to help with noise isolation. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a big fan of the ASUS Eee PC Laptop, so when it comes to wireless connection, I really needed an extra player to play on the plane. The Linksys WPS+ does the job nicely and is a little more expensive than the ASUS.  It's nice to have both options for such a cheap and portable wireless connection 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has worked out great for my wife.  We both like the sound.  The speakers are small, but we both find that they are comfortable to use and hold our hand well.  She would buy this again if we needed it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband because he needs an mp3 player that he can take along for camping trips. I was a little worried that the case was too small and that I would have to keep it in the back of the car and not carry it in my pocket. The case is well made, easy to pack and carry around. I am a little disappointed with the case because it does not have an included storage compartment, which would make it a little easier to keep my mp3 players in. I would buy this case again if they offered one in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using this to record the first half of my car stereo.  It is great for the price and its quality is awesome.  I would definitely buy this if I needed to record more than one channel at a time.  The only negative review I have is that I wish it had more than a 4 foot wide channel (for the car radio).  The other negative review is that the only thing that is missing is an auto-reset button 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this phone for both my car stereo and my home computer.  I was quite pleased with the sound quality, and the ability to use a wireless mouse/keyboard combination.  The only thing I would change is that the receiver is a little small, but I have never had any problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is great, and it is easy to use and connects easily.  The only thing that might be a negative is the lack of a remote control.  I've bought several of these products in the past and I have never had a problem with the remote.  If you have a larger electronic device with a lot of buttons and buttons, it might be worth buying this product instead of buying the same product with a remote.The product works well and I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I use it for my MP3 player and it is very easy to use.  I have had no problems with it and I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to use. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, great sound quality and great value.  I've used several Sony products with no problem.  It's worth the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife to use on a trip to Canada and she had never used a printer before.  The price was excellent, the shipping was quick and the shipping package was the perfect size and arrived just in time for us to get there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for anyone who is looking for a compact system to store photos and video.  It is well built and has plenty of room to fit a full sized SD card.  I am also very happy with the picture quality.  The built in flash and microphone work great and the case is just a pleasure to hold.  Overall I would definitely recommend this product.  Thanks to Netgear for such a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is incredible. I am a big fan of mp3 player, but wanted something smaller so I could carry it around. This is perfect. I'm an amateur audiophile and have listened to many mp3 players in the past. I really like the fact that the speakers are built into the player. I think the speakers look really cool 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my husband. He loves it.  He can use the remote to access all his favorite services.  You must buy the remote for this one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an avid user of the Sony camcorders. I have purchased other brands and have been disappointed.  The new H-CAMCOX is absolutely fantastic.  I use it in my professional video editing software and it performs like a champ 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these batteries because they are cheaper than my other brand, and I'm a new electronic device user. The batteries have held up to my normal use for the past few weeks. I can now use my car stereo to listen to the radio for an hour and a half before I decide to charge. The radio will stay in power for as long as I have them, which is awesome.  I will never buy anything else again, I bought the best batteries for my car 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality for the price! Works great for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is well worth the money and works exactly as advertised.  No need for any extra cables or adapters!  I highly recommend this product to anyone who has trouble connecting to a digital device and need a USB A to USB A converter 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for my family and they love it.  The only downside is it only fits 2 CDs at a time.  It would be nice if this was available in more colors 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and good sound quality.  No complaints about sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my iPod with a Sony earbud for music. The cord is a little short and I find it comfortable. The sound is crisp and clear. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it with my Sony HDD, and it works fine.  I haven't had any problems with it, so far.  It does have some drawbacks however, such as the lack of a front ejector, but other than that I've found it to be a good deal.  The only drawback I have is that the buttons on the remote are slightly small, but it is a minor inconvenience.  Overall I'm very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because it's small, compact, and has lots of ports for my media.  I've never had a problem with the sound, but the remote is a little finicky.  If you don't have the button set to the "backlight" function, it won't turn on the lights. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm sure that I am not the only one who thinks the card is big enough, but when I bought it it was at 1.4GB. I tried to put a few games and music on it and it was very slow, I mean it was really slow.  If you are like me and are a gamer and you need more space for your games and media then this card is for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my wife's iPod, because it is very small and not too heavy. The sound is very clear, the iPod is a lot smaller than my other headphones, and it is so much easier to use with my hand, it is worth the extra money.The only drawback I see with the earbuds is that they don't have an adjustable cord. You will have to keep your iPod in a different position all the time if you want to adjust the cord. The earbud holder is a nice addition though, as they are sturdy and they hold the earphones securely. The battery lasts for about 15-20 hours, and they have a nice design, so they donned to look a little nicer than the regular headphones I have. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are very comfortable and are comfortable enough to wear all day.  I've had them for about 6 months now and they still look like new.  The only thing that could be better is the ear cups...but those are cheap anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's the best memory card I have.  Great price.  Just make sure to get at least one size smaller than your standard size.  I would highly recommend it.  Very fast and quiet! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a DVD player with more storage for my family.  The product was a great value.  It was well made and worked perfectly.  I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a way to keep my DVD player on all night long. I had to turn it down to prevent my wife from playing it. The sound is just fine. The only negative review I have about this is the power supply is too weak. I bought a 12v to power the player. I can't imagine the difference in performance if I had purchased a 12V to power my TV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price.  Works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are just what I was looking for.  They are comfortable and don't weigh too much.  I have not found any other brand of headphones that have similar comfort as these.  The ear cups have a great feel to them and the fit is comfortable.  Overall these are great.  If you want to stay connected all night then these are a great option. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to keep my ipod on the road, and I needed a case. I looked at all the options on Amazon and ultimately purchased this. I was a little skeptical at first because of the name. But when I got it, I was amazed how durable it is. The only thing that is a little weak is the wrist strap. I like the fact that it's water resistant, but it's not that strong, so I don't take it off when I'm doing my errands. The sound quality is great and the case is comfortable. I would definetely recommend this to anyone else looking for a case for their ipod 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card for both Mac OS X and Windows XP.  I've never had any problems with it.  It's super fast and it's very convenient.  The software on it is very user friendly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very nice.  I am able to plug it into my laptop which is a Canon PowerBook 800 and it works as expected.  It does not have any problems whatsoever.  The only problem I have had with it is that it is quite noisy.  However, I have not noticed any significant difference in the sound output of the laptop compared to the speakers of my computer.  So, the noise does not bother me much.  Overall, I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my old HP ElitePad for the HP Deskjet and it does not disappoint! I am very happy with this product.  I was surprised when I first saw the specs.  They are just like the old HP ones, only cheaper!  I am also very happy the product works with both the old and new HP printers! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife's new Sony mp3 player and it's great.  The remote is easy to use and the picture is pretty clear.  Plus it comes with a small plastic case which makes it much easier to carry.  Very happy with it.  I also bought the Sony ear buds because they're so nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a compact mp3 player that was not heavy and could hold my ipod.  This player works and it is easy to use and is small.  I would highly recomend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and is nice size.  The only negative is the volume control is not easy to use with the ear buds because they aren't connected to the headphone jack.  It would be nice to have a volume knob or volume button on the right earbud.  If you have a long earbuds, try an extra set or two.  I like them because they are comfortable and I can't hear the music as loud as other headphones I have had.  They are comfortable but I think the earboungs will be comfortable enough with just the earphones they are now.  Overall a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is good for listening to music and the price is very reasonable.  My only gripe is that the volume knob on the front is too small.  I prefer to have the volume on the center, as it is easier to adjust.  The controls are easy to use and the product is sturdy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works with all the cards I have. The product itself is beautiful.  It is small, light, easy to use, and has the best sound for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to play the new DVD player that came out with it.  The player was working well when it first came out.  It was a great buy and the case is well made.  I would buy this again for the same player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife to use while driving.  I was not disappointed with it.  The sound quality is excellent.  Very clear and crisp.  We both really like the speakers and we use them regularly on the road.  This product is a must have for your car.  It does a great job and is not too expensive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The headphones are comfortable.  They are light and easy to carry and they do the job.  I recommend these to anyone looking for an ear piece that can stand up to being worn for a long period of time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this antenna for a friend and it worked for the whole weekend of his camping trip.  The reception is a little weak, but I'm sure it will improve with the reception of his friends antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the money. I am a big fan of the Samsung product line.  This product fits my needs perfectly.  I'm not sure why it is so much more expensive than other brands 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought the item for my husband.  It has performed flawlessly so far and the only thing we have had to change was the batteries.  The only thing that could be better is a bigger capacity battery.  We use the included batteries for everything from watching TV to downloading songs to charging the phone.  I am very satisfied with this product and highly recommend it for anyone who wants a simple phone for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent value for the money.  The quality of the sound is great and the fact that it is a single player means that there is less interference in the system.  I've been using mine for a month and it still performs like new. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a way to record all my videos and photos and I also wanted a way of using my laptop's built in sound to record my music.  So I bought this little recorder, it works great and is great for taking pictures too.  I have never had any problems with it, it's always worked and it's a great little recorder 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse works well, although I do not have the most precise mouse so I had to use the arrow keys to click. I have owned other mice and had to give up on using them because they would not be able to click the mouse button at all.  I also bought this because I have a friend who is looking to upgrade from a mouse mouse that has a higher DPI.  It is worth it to me because my friend who used this mouse was able to see the entire screen.  Great price, shipping was fast and the item came well packaged 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an amazing value for the money. I've had a Canon 1D MKII for 6 years and it still holds up and works as it did when I first purchased it.  The only downside is that it is not a "universal" card for Canon 5D & 6D, but the included adapters are universal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two Sony ear buds.  The first one is a standard Sony ear bud with an M-key remote and is great for casual listening, but the other one is with a built in CD player.  I purchased this because it was on sale for $29.99.  It's a great purchase.  Great sound quality for the money.  Just make sure you get the right one or you will have to spend a lot of money to get the correct model.  My wife is very pleased with mine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal for its price.  It does the job for the price, and is better than the Samsung product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV is excellent.  I did a lot of research on the internet to find the best antenna.  The Sony is a good antenna, it picks up all the stations and broadcasts in crystal clear HD, all the way from my living room, into my office.  There is no static that I have experienced on any other antenna. It's worth the price for the antenna.It's so simple to use and setup, it's a great feature for anyone who does not want to spend lots of money on an antenna.The only problem I have is that I do not have a cable with the TV, so I can't watch all of the stations I want to.  So if you have cable, I would buy a separate antenna, not this one.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife to keep her mp3 player working and she loves it. It is so easy to use and it has the convenience of being able to turn the volume up and down. It's really nice to have that option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player is great.  It's small and portable and the built in speakers really make the sound nice.  I bought it for my daughter to use on vacation and it has performed well.  If you are looking for a DVD player with speakers, look no further 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product, but the only drawback I have is that it doesn't have an SD card slot, which is very rare in these phones.  I would recommend this phone for anyone who doesn't want to bother with getting an SD slot 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works as advertised and is easy to use.  The only thing I'd recommend is to get the larger of the 2.0'' drives, the 1.8'' (as they are more stable).  You'll also want to get some rubber boot covers, as mine are not. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the Canon 7D, 50D and 24-105 lenses for my wedding photography and I have no complaints about these lenses.  The only problem I have is that I use Canon's remote and I wish I had a wireless camera to shoot video with.  I am very satisfied with these lenses and have purchased them from Canon's official website for my next photography project 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, especially for the price.  I love the look and the sound.  If you have an old TV, you will probably not like the volume, but if you do, this is an amazing addition.  The sound is great for the money, and the picture is great.  Overall I am very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was hesitant to buy a Dvd player for my new laptop because of the price.  The price of this product is very reasonable, and the performance is fantastic 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product and I'm very pleased with it.  I like the sound of it and I've owned the Sennheiser Wireless Headset for a few years now.  This is an even better unit with an even deeper bass and better clarity.  It's also easier to use and better looking! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to use my ipod shuffle as a backup player in the car.  I wanted to have my phone in and out of the car with my ipods.  Not only did I get this as a gift, it also worked like a charm on the first day of using it.  It's a great little device, and I wouldn't hesitate to buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these because they are smaller than the ones I had at work. They were a little too small for my laptop.  The earbuds fit great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my daughter loves it and the battery life was great.  The only thing is the size, because it was to big for her to carry around.  It is a little small, but it does the job.  I'm sure it would have worked fine if it had a little extra space, but i would not buy another battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works as advertised. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is a great option for me, especially if I'm away from the home network, and I'm using it in the car with the antenna, so it works out in both directions.  The only problem I have is that the antenna is fairly short, so the signal from the antenna goes away at times when the car is moving.  It's a minor problem though.  Overall, I'm very happy with the product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great deal for this product. I just used my camera to snap pictures and it worked like a charm. No problems so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this memory is an improvement over the "old" SD memory card I had.  the transfer speed is noticeably faster.  I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to use for my laptop.  I was very pleased with the purchase and I am sure they will last for years.  This is a great product.  My battery lasts for several months of heavy usage.  It is easy to put together and does a great job of keeping the power in the laptop.I am a fan of Sony products and these batteries have given me a lot of peace of mind. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this card is well worth the money.  the included software is quite cool and works very well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an iPod with the case and an mp3 player. I wanted something more secure and I wanted it to last for the next 5 years.  I did not want to spend alot on it.  So I decided to get a case.  The case was a perfect fit for the iPod.  It has been very durable.   I also bought the sleeves for the case. I have used them quite a few times.  Overall I am very pleased with the purchase and it is a big improvement over the previous case I had.  All in all, I am satisfied with the product and I am recommending it.I am very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a very small number of printers, so I was very excited to receive this one.  The print quality is very good.  I'm able to print in the dark with a lot more detail.  Great product, definitely recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this battery for my new Nikon camera.  It's a little larger than the ones I usually carry, but I don't need it to carry all of my camera batteries.  I just use it for a couple of minutes on an empty battery before I plug it in, and I don"t even have to unpack the batteries because the top section is very sturdy.  The only negative review I have about the battery is the price.  This battery is $10.00 more than the one I normally use, and that's for a battery that only lasts 30 minutes on a full charge.  But this is a great product, the price is reasonable, and it's an improvement over my other Nikon battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  It is very nice to have an extra hard drive in the back of the computer.  The only downside I have to it is that it does not have an optical drive slot, so if you want to use your internal hard drive, you will need to buy an external hard drive.  I use my internal hard drives and have not had any problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice little phone.  You don't have to carry a big bulky dvd player around all the time.  This phone is small and light weight.  It also has an AM/FM radio.  I love the feature phone.I also like the ability to set it up and take it anywhere.  The only problem I had with this phone was it was a little bit difficult to hold down the volume when I was listening to music, but other than that the phone worked great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is small, it can hold a lot of items and it's easy to use.  The only drawback is the need to replace the batteries as they get old.  Don't let that put you off 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just wanted a small USB device to carry my printer.  This works great for that purpose.  I would definately recomment buying something similar 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are a great electronic device.  I use them in my Sony Vaio, and they're great.  They're well made and they hold up well.  The sound is very good and they provide excellent sound quality.  It has an IR remote which is very easy to use and use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great, but it is a little pricey.  However, its worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this antenna to use for my new stereo system.  I was quite pleased with the reception of the AM radio station.  The reception is very clear.  My only complaint was the lack of the ability to receive AM or FM stations.  However, it's an antenna! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a small, convenient, wireless router with lots of ports. I got this for $30 with free shipping from Amazon and it works as a very good wireless router, with a lot of ports, including the ability to connect to my home network, the Internet, and my laptop, which is connected via a wireless card that is connected to the router. I have not tried all the features of the router, but am looking forward to them. It is very fast, and it has an automatic update feature that makes it possible to keep my computers and the Internet up to date, even when I'm not online. It's very easy to use, too, with no configuration needed. I'm very satisfied with this router and I'm looking forward 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product for my wife to use at work.  She loves it.  We use it every day, no problem.  The only problem I had was with it overheating in the middle of the day.  It was just enough to be uncomfortable, but not enough to prevent us from using it.It is a good buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The remote is a little small but it is a very functional remote.  You can dial up and down volume, skip tracks, etc.  It also has a very small footprint for a remote which is very comfortable to use.  This remote works very well with my Sony receiver and it is nice that it is included with my TV! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has a good price and is well made. I did have some trouble getting it to work on my laptop but I'm not sure why. The software was confusing. I had to reinstall it and reinstall the drivers for my new Mac so that it could properly work on the new OS. It is a little bulky but the picture quality is good. The only drawback is the lack of a DVD player which would make the unit much more useful. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is well made, works great and it's a great deal.  I would definately recommed this product for anyone who is looking to buy an iPod or other mp3 player and want to know they will be able to carry around with it without a lot of bulk. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card was exactly what I needed to get the 4K picture and it is a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, easy to use, works with all my cables and it looks good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for an easy to use and easy to install wireless device for my wireless router.  I bought this one and it works great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has great performance, very nice color and is well made.  I bought the 4GB model and have a ton of games.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to use as a PCMCIA drive for my digital camera.  Very fast and well-constructed.  Good sound quality, especially for the price.  The only drawback is the fact that it is only 1.25" thick, so if you have a thin case it will be a little tricky to remove the drive from the case.  Overall a good buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is great for the price.  It does everything that I need and I can't complain.  I wish there was something more expensive, but this is an excellent product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something that would keep my ipod in the air for 10-15 minutes. I wanted to record my wife singing while we were on the beach. The mp3 player that I bought did the trick.  It is a lot easier to use than the ipod earphones that I had.  You don't need to carry the ipods around with you all day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I expected and the picture was excellent.  The only thing I didn't like was the ability to turn the power on or off.  I purchased this item because I wanted the ability for my laptop to turn itself on and off while watching television.  It does this without any problem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought the S8 for my wife, it's a lot easier to use the phone without having to remove the case, I haven't tried to use it in the car yet.  The phone is comfortable and the sound is very nice.  If you are on the fence on whether to buy this phone I highly suggest it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product for my personal DVD player and it performed well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am so glad I bought this as my new printer.  My previous printer broke in 2 months and it was really a bummer, but this is just like new.  It is fast and works great!  I would definetely recomend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The speakers were as advertised. The only reason I bought this for the TV was because the TV would not turn on the sound.  I do not have any problems with it now 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item is exactly as described.  No problems, works fine.  Good price for a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a good price for a decent product, and works well for all my uses.  I will buy another one of these in the near future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had no problems with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, just make sure you have the latest drivers installed and you will have a great sound system.  I was able to get great surround sound from this little box and it worked like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card in December 2006 and I haven't had any problems.  The card has a very good price and works as expected.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I've had a Nikon D70 and I am now running on it without any problems. The only thing I have to worry about is the battery life, as I use it for about 3 hours per day. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with the price and performance of this product.  The sound is very clear and the battery life is amazing.  I was also impressed with the color and design.  It's easy to take care of and I am looking forward to using it more and more. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product to replace the internal hard drive that I have been using for my MP3 player. The unit worked perfectly with my Mac OSX machine, and I was able to record a new mp3 album to it as well.  The sound quality was excellent, and the unit was quite comfortable to use. The only drawback I have with this product is the lack of a remote control.  If you are looking for a remote, it is well worth the extra cost, and will give you a lot more options. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality for the price! I've had mine for 6 months now and it's still doing great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna works fine.  The antenna works well with most HDTV's.  However, for my location (a small house with a lot of windows), I did experience a problem.  If you have a small TV with a very small TV sound system (i.e. under 40 watts), this antenna is not for you.  I recommend getting the antenna from a big electronic device, like the Panasonic TS-LINK, or the Sony HT-U7020. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these batteries for all my flash drives, and they perform just as well as the regular ones.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works.  The sound is great.  It's a little pricey but it does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a perfect purchase for my small desk.  It fits all of my laptop accessories and I can't even tell it's there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV has the sound and picture I want for my small family.  I've had the same Sony for over 20 years and it is still running with a great picture and sound.  If you want a bigger screen for your small family, I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony ZX-850 which has a built in stereo. I also have an LG M4 with the built in CD player. I needed to replace the stock battery in both phones because of the lack of room for an extra.  I bought this battery pack to give me the option of having both batteries on my phone at the same time and not having to constantly switch between them when the radio is off. I love it.  The included case does a good job at holding the phones together, however, if you are looking to get a case for the M4 you should get one that has a little more support on the phone itself.  It would be a big plus to get one with a little rubber seal, however this one does have a small rubber seal on the back that fits over the battery pack 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a portable DVD player to use at work, and could not find any that fit my needs. I am happy to have found this product.  The player has worked for me, and is exactly as advertised.  I have a Canon Laser printer which I use as a fax machine.  It is an excellent product, and I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice piece of equipment! I'm using it for recording my wife's home theater and it's working great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works for me. I'm using it in my new Sony A6000.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly as advertised.  The sound is wonderful, and is just as good as the Pioneer DVD player I've had for the past 20 years.  I also have an HP digital camera that uses the same player as my car, and it's a great electronic device.  This is the best product I've seen in the last 20 years in my Toyota Camry, and I highly recommend it to anyone.  Thanks HP! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers have a great sound.  I have a Yamaha ZX5100 that I use for my personal stereo system.  The sound is so crisp and clear and the speakers themselves look beautiful.  This is an excellent electronic device.  They are small and lightweight, so I am able to move them around in my car without a problem.  It is also a great speaker for movies or any other audio that you might need to have on a long trip 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product for my Sony camcorder.  The sound quality is great, the fact that it can be powered by the player is great and it's so portable.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great!  I have had them for over a year now, and they hold up very well!  Great price, and the battery life is great.  If you're looking for an external DVD player, I highly recommend this product.  I've never had any problems with it, or any problems using it.  Very satisfied with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product for my Sony Epson printer.  The color is more true than my standard inkjet printer, and the speed is great.  I have had no problems printing documents in color, including photos.  This has saved a lot of time, and I am looking for another printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the included remote is a great addition.  Great value for money and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a good buy for a compact DVD player.  It is well built, is well protected, and has a small size that makes it easy to use.  I would recomend it to anyone who is looking to add to their DVD collection.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product works fine as a portable CD player.  i use it to listen to mp3's and i also use it as a radio.  it's a great little player.i recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought 2 pairs for my kids for their birthday and they both work fine.  I was surprised how much the price difference is.  It has worked perfectly for us so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my Panasonic L1 to take photos in the kitchen and in the back yard.  The L1 is very easy to use and has plenty of features.  I would not hesitate to buy the L1 if I had it.  It has a great image quality and is a great value.  Buy it! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is perfect for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this memory card is a great deal for the price.  it has a built in reader so you can keep the card for pictures, or use it as a backup for your computer if it dies.  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good memory card for their computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as advertised.  I'm very satisfied with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external HDD for my Macbook Pro and I've only had it a couple of months.  The case does the job well and I was surprised at how small it is.  I have it plugged in to my power supply which I'm not sure why but it doesn't draw any power from the system.  It has plenty of room to fit my Macbooks battery and it doesn`t look like it's going to rattle around like other cases.  My only other complaint is that the buttons don't have a very sharp feel to them.  If you want a case that's comfortable to carry around, this is a good one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for those who have to carry an mp3 player around or just want to have an extra phone cord.  It is just an inch thick and easy to hang from the back of your car.  Great price for such a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son.  He is now a huge fan of his new headphones.  The only problem is they are not very comfortable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good mp3 player.  Can't beat the price and the sound quality.  I've had the CD player for over 6 months now and am still loving it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is beautiful.  However, the antenna is VERY expensive, so I am looking for a better antenna for my money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to use as a secondary to my TV, and it does the job.  I have a Sony DVR that has a built-in antenna, so I can get local channels without the need to go through my cable company.  The included remote is a nice addition.  Don't buy the cheaper brands because the receiver itself is junk - mine was in working order and has a remote that can only operate certain functions.  It has a volume control that can be used to mute the TV - so I do use it to watch movies and commercials.  You can also just turn the volume up a bit to get more channels. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my Sony mp3 player and it is the best i have ever used 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product for my wife's new printer. It was well worth the price.  The prints are great, and the quality of the photos and scans are outstanding.  I would buy again and again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  I have a Canon Rebel XT digital camera and an Olympus E-PL3 digital camera.  The Epson product worked with both of them and it is worth the extra money.  It does take some time to get the software set up and the manual setting is a bit fiddly but the software is great.I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it makes my mp3 player look nicer. It also has the volume control buttons that I need for listening to music, and is a little smaller than my iPod.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio works for my small office.  It's a lot better than the iPod mini radio I've had for the past couple of years.  I have it connected to my car's FM tuner, so I can receive all the FM stations in my area 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the HP ink for printing documents and the printer does a great job. I can print up to 50 pages a day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great electronic device.  I wish I had purchased a more powerful model 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. I used it with an older Dell laptop (4th gen) and it was a huge improvement. The sound is great.  The only problem I had is that I had to buy the batteries separately. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this at Walmart.  It is a good sound quality for the price.  I use it for the home theater and it works great.  Just plug in the cd player and start.  Easy to use and just works!  I would recommend this for anyone looking for a quality sound at a low price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It allows you to hook your mp3 player up to your tv and watch the movies.  I have only had it a few days, but it works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and it is a great electronic device.  We both have the same type of laptop and I wanted a better sound than the standard.  I've had several speakers with different drivers, so I knew that it was a better one than what I had already had.  After a few weeks using the speakers it is great.  It is very easy to connect and is a pleasure to use.  Sound is crisp and clear.  The only complaint I have is that the drivers are very outdated and not as up to date as they could be.  There is a simple fix for that.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is just what I needed to make my video editing work with the Panasonic GF-Z1 and Canon Rebel XT (all of which have 1Gb RAM). I have the CF card with me wherever I go and use it every day. I have had no problems with the card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price. It is not too small, and it has a lot of room for all your SD cards 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this mouse for almost 2 months now.  It has worked great.  I've had no problems.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the money.  It is not as sturdy as my previous Sony earbuds, but they are a great buy.  The only drawback is that they do not fit my ears very well.  I recommend buying earbud earphones from Sony if you have large ears.  They fit my head just fine and have excellent sound, but the fit is not quite perfect.  If you are not quite sure what to buy, these are a steal for $50! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good product. I have owned several brands of printers and never had a problem with the quality.  I have been printing almost daily for several years now and have never had any problem with my new Canon inkjet. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item with the intention of replacing my Canon L17CMP. I've been very pleased with the fit and finish, the features, the included remote, and the wireless connection.  I've also had no problems with the wireless reception at all.  Thanks for a good item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is small and light weight, yet has enough room for the SD card, charger and the power adapter all in one compact case.  I can't believe the price! I have two of these for my wife and my daughter (they use them to watch movies).  I use it to record a lot of movies and the quality is excellent.  The only problem I have is that I have to be careful to not drop it on the ground when it's sitting next to my car because it will bounce back and break the case. The case is sturdy, but it is not made of strong materials 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my wife's iPod. The unit worked great, had a very nice picture. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card because my HP desktop was going slow. I was able to download the Windows XP XP Setup DVD to get started with the card. The card performed admirably. I used it for several things and it was a great buy. I wish HP would sell the card in stores. I would purchase the product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very pleased with this product, the picture is great and it has great sound. I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are great.  I had to spend extra for them.  They're super comfortable and sound is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great.  The sound is clear and crisp.  You can use any radio without fear of losing reception 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture quality is better than I expected.  It is more than just a few pixels missing in the picture.  The sound is great, the price is great and the picture quality makes it an awesome piece of electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for my 2.5" hard drive.  I would highly recommen this product to anyone.  It is very easy to use and set up.  The only drawback is that there is no way to access the hard drive when it is not connected.  Don't worry, I will keep the case with the drive for protection.  Great product.  Thanks HP! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product for the price.  You get more features for your money and it's got a nice case for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this cable for my personal computer and it works perfectly. I will not use any other brand! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is exactly what I needed and it's made by Kingston.  I was very pleased with the speed and the sound quality.  My only complaint was that the included wireless router was not as powerful as the Linksys E2500 router.  It was very quick and reliable, but it was slow and I did not like the sound.  The E2500 is a beast and has a much stronger signal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this for about 2 weeks now and it is doing everything it's supposed to.  The only problem is that it has not received any signal at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card in October for a new electronic device and wanted to use it for gaming.  I was not dissapointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the color.  It is very easy to use and setup and the sound is awesome 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It does its job.  My only complaint is that it lacks the ability to do the automatic software updating.  I am not looking to have my printer go through a total hardware overhaul 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sennheiser 521 is a great deal.  The sound is clear and crisp.  I haven't used any other headphones yet and don't intend to.  My wife loves the sound and I don't think I'd go without.  Plus, it's a great price.  If you like a really big set of headphones for around $200, I highly recommend this set.  It's a steal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the product in conjunction with my Sony CDM-1000. The product does a good job of eliminating static interference. It has a built in noise reduction filter which does an excellent job of reducing the static. The sound quality is clear and well defined. The built in speakers do a good performance and do not distract from the listening experience. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an mp3 player to use at home, and i needed it to be quiet.  I was happy with this mp3, which was very quiet, and also played my music without any problems.  The only downside is that it doesn't have a battery, which is a bit of a bummer, but it's a good deal less of a concern than the other electronic device I've used.  Overall, this mp player is a good buy, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had it for about 4 months now and its a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very well made. The only problem I had with it was the fact that it wouldn't power my printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The printer has a decent print speed, and the printer is relatively inexpensive.  I used the software to print several photos in color and the results were excellent.  The software is quite easy to use, and there are many different options for printing and adjusting the settings.  It also has an SD card slot, which is a nice feature.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with this printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was surprised that the price was so low for a product of this quality.  I needed a better TV for my wife's room and wanted something that was easy to hook up.  The Sony 55" LED LCD worked perfectly and was worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using a Canon PowerShot SDXC and I love it.  The ability to turn the camera on and off is a great feature that helps keep it in the dock 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is nice that they do offer the option of a longer cable for an additional $10.00. The sound quality is great for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a printer for my son's college work, so I thought I would buy this one. I was not disappointed.  You can print up to 4 copies at once, and you can also save your document to the computer so you can have it back in a couple of hours if you don't have it to hand, just by saving a copy on the printer.  I have a Canon 7300 printer that is not too expensive (the Canon was $10.00, the HP is $80.00). The HP is a little more stable than the Canon.  The HP printer is a great product, but I recommend this Canon because it is more portable and you will get more out of it, especially if you print at night when it is quiet. I have it on a folding table so it stays on the table, but you can use the printer stand if you want to use it to print from a wall-mounted tripod.The HP is great, but the Canon is a step up in quality, but if you are only doing a small job and don't need to print anything larger, I think you will really like this HP printer. I would definitely buy this HP if I needed to print something big at home. I haven't used it yet, but it looks like it is a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item for my wife and she loves it.  I did not want to waste it so I am selling it to you for $15.00.  It is the best I've ever bought.  If you are looking for a mouse pad, this is the one to get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works just as well as the "standard" Sony cable I got from Amazon, but it is shorter.  I don't have to keep looking for an extra cable, which is great.  If you don't like the extra length of the "regular" Sony cables, you'll be glad to know that this one is a perfect match!  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card was as advertised.  I just wish it was a little bit smaller, as I have used it mostly in the backseat.  The CD player worked fine, but I would have preferred something like an iPod, which is about the same size but is a little easier to hold and use.  Overall, I am very happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product.  I have it connected to my Panasonic DVD player and it has worked flawlessly.  If you're looking for an HD antenna, I would suggest this antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product to replace my old one and it is a great buy! It is a little bit smaller than the previous one and does an excellent job for its size.  The only problem I have with it is the sound quality is not as good as the previous product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has performed flawlessly in my NAS.  It's been running with no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my son who loves to have his mp3 player in the car. The product works well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly as advertised.  No problems with installation or operation.  Great sound quality for the money.  You can't beat the sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are very comfortable.  They are a great option if you don't like the standard earbud style and want something more comfortable. The sound quality is great.  If you are looking for a good pair of earbubs, this is a great pair.  I also bought the regular-sized pairs because they were much more comfortable in the ears.  The only problem is that they don't stay in your ears as well as the regular sized pairs.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, easy setup and works fine.  I would recommend it for any of the digital cameras that you don't have a power cord to plug into.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this memory and it has performed just as I expected.  It is a little slower than the SanDisk memory I had previously, but it is very well worth the difference 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The antenna is very easy to install, and has a good range for its size.  It works fine with all of my radio sets, and it does a great job of picking up stations in my apartment.  The only downside is that the antenna is quite thick - the thinner antenna will not work with the VHS player, because it is too small for the antenna to be able to hold in place.  I have since bought a second antenna - it is a much thinner antenna, and works well with my set.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great buy, works fine for all my cameras, and is worth the extra money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an improvement over the regular batteries in the same capacity.  It is a bit louder, but I can't complain because it allows me to take the batteries out of my car without having to carry around the extra ones.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. I'm very happy with the purchase.  It is the best sound I've ever had.  I've tried different brands and this is by far the best.  The sound is wonderful.  You don't need a subwoofer to get the best out of your CD player.  This product does an excellent job with the songs.  A little bit to the right and you can hear the bass, which is amazing.  And you can get so much more from your CD than ever before.  There is a big difference in the quality of the music and the sound of this product.  Very happy with my purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has everything I was looking for.  I was able to put my ipod through all my normal listening activities without any problems.  The speakers are loud and clear and are more than I could have expected for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well worth the money.  You will be pleased with the sound quality.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great buy. I was a little nervous about ordering a 4GB SD card because they are usually 2GB. But, it was just right.  Great price for the price!  I also purchased the extra 16 GB. I haven't tried it yet, but I plan on doing so.  Thanks again for a great electronic device! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had these speakers for almost 2 years now and they are still great.  They have great sound, and they look good!  If you're looking for a quality set of speakers, these are a great option! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great for small hands, I have a small iPod and can't have the extra weight that can be added to other iPods.  The headphones work fine, have no problems with them and are comfortable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, and has a big enough battery to get you through any long term storage of movies or photos.  I would buy this product again in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony KDL-110B is a little bit bigger than the ones I had used on my previous Sony equipment. I had my Sony MP-1V, Sony MPQ-700 and Sony MPH-800, which were all about the same size. I was worried about the size, but the extra room afforded me a lot more flexibility with my recording. The sound quality was fine, with the only exception being the fact that I had to turn the volume up when the radio was on. I'm not going to complain about that because it was a small price to pay to get the ability to have the radio play the volume without having to turn it up.The controls for the radio were very simple and easy to use. The menu options were a little more limited than the radio's own, but that's not a problem since I just listened to the radio as a whole and did not need to go through all the menu options.The speakers sound great. I could hear the music through the speakers without any problems. The speakerphone reception was better than I expected.  The built in microphone is a bit of a pain to use, but if you have trouble with it, it's not the end of the world. I'd suggest using it as an auxiliary device so you can plug the radio directly into your TV or other device without having it on your lap or over your head.  I had an older Sony receiver which didn't have a built in mic, but I couldn't use the built in speakers because they weren't the same ones I was using on my new receiver.The only thing that could make the radio sound a little louder was the fact it had the volume control on it. It's a minor annoyance since I don't have it plugged into any other device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a new TV and am delighted with the sound quality.  I bought this as a replacement for my aging Plasma one.  The picture is brighter and the sound is better.  It also has built in speakers and the remote is more intuitive.  Overall I'm very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had no problem with this antenna.  It is very easy to mount, and it has a very clear reception.  I would recommend this antenna to anyone who is looking for a portable antenna. I love this antenna! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as advertised.  I love the sound quality and looks!  Great deal for the price.  Good electronic device for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  The speakers are well balanced and do a good job.  I have a Yamaha FM receiver so I know the sound quality is ok.  Good price, but I don't have the need for the volume control so I left it out.  Don't have to worry about the volume levels on the radio when using this receiver. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables work as advertised.  Great value for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a novice when it comes to buying stuff, and this was a great electronic device.  The case is very lightweight, and the speakers are very clear and crisp.  I like this case so much that I got a pair for my wife, too.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my HP inkjet printer in the mail and I decided to use it.  It was a great buy!  It has great ink quality, the cartridges are sturdy, easy to use, and have a great color.  The only thing I did not like was that it did not come with a paper cartridge, but a replacement was included.  Overall I am very pleased with this printer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product.  You can use it as a mouse and keyboard all in one unit, which is a great feature.  The price is a little steep for the product, but its well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an extra cable for my new Panasonic camcorder so I bought this.  I love it.  The only downside is that it is not as wide as the other ones I had.  But I love the fact that it's longer and more comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very good price, works perfectly. I use it to replace my old receiver that stopped working after about 6 months.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my MP3 player for about 4 months now.  I had it installed and playing the song I had just recorded.  It is a very nice piece of electronic device.  The sound quality is quite good.  My only complaint is the fact that the volume controls on the front are very difficult to operate.  But the sound quality and ergonomics of the MP3 is outstanding.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine for my Canon PowerShot S1.  The only negative review I have about this product is the battery lasts a while.  I have my camera in my car and I'll keep it plugged in all the time, and I will use the battery when it runs out of power 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife's birthday.  It is great for the price.  She loves it.  My only problem is that the speakers in the car do not have any speakers at all.  I wish I had purchased the item before her birthday.I will purchase again from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item works as advertised.  The only thing is the color is a bit off.  I will buy another brand that matches the color 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it at Amazon for $39.99. It was exactly as advertised. It worked exactly as I expected it to, and the price was unbeatable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The antenna works fine, but it is a little pricey.  I wish it was a little less.  If you use an antenna that isnt a cheap one, it isnt going to work.  This antenna is worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was just as advertised and performed as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because they were on sale at Target.  They are a great buy.  The product is sturdy and feels good in the hand.  Also, I bought a 50 ft USB cable to plug into the wall.  Works great for my job.  Don't hesitate when buying.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the product in a home theater system.  Very good product.  I would like to buy another one, because it is just a little bit cheaper.  If you want to have a small and powerful wireless system, this is your choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was just what I needed to expand my CD player to an 8 channel player.  I do not have any other CD player with an eight channel player so I just ordered this.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my daughter and she loves it.  I do have a few other cameras to use so she had to keep the battery charger with her.  Great price for such a good camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my son and it works like a charm.  Just plugs in and works.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have 2 of these printers.  I use them both as a photo and text printer.  They both print well, and I have a hard time finding any problems with them.  This is the first printer that I have ever had that I could say is a great electronic device.  The only problem I have is that they can be difficult to assemble.  Don't be discouraged by this.  Just take your time, and when you get it done, you'll be satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great for a new player.  It has lots of room for games, but not so much room for an addtional player.The only thing I would do to make it better would be to get the best card with some sort of memory upgrade, because when you're playing games on this card, it will not load and go to the next game if you've already played it.The sound is fine for the price.  If you're looking for a sound card, don't waste your money on the cheapest one, and look for one with a better memory card.  I have the card for my PS2, but it works just as well for my MP3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, and the sound is wonderful.  I've never had a sound card that sounded better.  Don't be fooled by the other reviews, the sound card is well worth the money.  If you like to use the speakers to record your home movies, this is a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works very well.  It's small and lightweight.  I'm able to carry it around in my hand.  However, I also find that the antenna is not very sensitive.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of equipment for the price.  I have two of them, and both work great.  It is great to have an external HDD for my personal files that I do not have to carry around in my backpack anymore.  If you want a high end system, then this is the best system I have seen for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great, and the mouse is comfortable.  I will be recommending this mouse to all my friends 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my daughter and it has made our lives a whole lot easier.  She's been able to use her ipod more easily and it's been a great electronic device.  I'm sure there are other brands out there but I wouldn't know about them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very happy with the quality of this cable.  It is very easy to connect and work with my digital device.  The only negative I have is the size.  If you have a laptop with a lot of ports, this is a great option.  Otherwise, if you only have 2 ports, it is a steal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what I needed.  Very good quality, works perfectly and looks nice.  Great price and great service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It has all the features of an ATX power supply without the extra bulk of a normal power supply.  No need for a separate power cord, just plug it into the back of the machine and you have power.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product. It can handle all the different formats, and I've found that the sound quality is pretty good.  The only complaint I have is that the cable is too short for my printer.  I have a Canon HP printer, and it takes a bit longer to remove the cable to plug in the printer than it did to get it all the way through the case.  It would have been nice if it was a little longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card is well worth the money. I bought it because I use my iPod for all my online purchases and I like having the ability to use the iPod in airplane mode. It was a perfect fit for my iPod and I am pleased with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this at Amazon for my friend to use on his new ipod, it worked perfectly!  The case is small and lightweight, it fits his hands nicely.  The only thing I don't like is that it's not a universal case, but it works for this laptop.  I'm looking at getting one of these universal cases, I hope Amazon gives me the option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card has a small size, but it works.  I would recommend this memory card for anyone looking for a small and convenient memory card.  The card is well worth the money because it has a large capacity and is easily expandable with a regular SD adapter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something for my iPod.  I'm new to the iPod but the original iPod nano worked for years.  This one seemed a little different.  The sound was clear and the controls worked perfectly.  It's a little pricey but I think I got a good deal.  Don't let the price scare you.  A great product for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product and you can use it anywhere.  I'm an avid photographer and use it for both photo and video recording and editing.  The only thing that is a problem is the fact that you can't put a battery in it.  However, you can just put a spare one in it and it will hold for quite a while 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my new wife and she loves it.  The only problem I had with it was that it would not charge my Samsung Galaxy S2 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for those who like to play movies and have a small computer.  The speakers produce a very crisp sound and are very small so you can take them anywhere.  I used mine to listen to a lot of music and now I use them to listen the radio and watch movies.  A good electronic item for an inexpensive electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cases are perfect. The color is a great match for the iPod and they hold it securely. I use them all the time and they do not disappoint 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the Sony earbuds! I have not been able to find anything that is even remotely similar to them. I have had my earbud in for a week now, and have not noticed any problems.  I would highly recommend them for anyone looking for something that can do all the earbuddings you have, and does not cost a fortune! I also like the fact that they come with an extra pair in case you lose them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received the printer and love it.  It is as advertised and has great print quality.  The only thing I did not like was the case.  If you like a thinner case, this is not the case for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to protect my iPod (Ampu) from being stolen and never had any problems with the products. The product does a good job, but there are cheaper products out there and I'd say I spent well over $30 on these. The price is a good deal considering the price of the product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a nice product.  You get an HDMI to DVI converter for less than a standard DVD player.  The only downside is the size.  I needed to mount it inside my car to fit in the front seat.  It also has a mini-usb port so you can hook it up to your computer or your ipod and use it as an mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The battery holds more than the standard size (1500mAh) of most cell phones, so I had to be sure it was a good one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product.  I just wish it was in my size.  The only negative is the instructions were a little confusing.  A picture of the product itself is below.  It does exactly what it says.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very skeptical when I first got this antenna but I am very happy with it.  It is very convenient to use, very small and just works.  You do have to be careful of the radio's power, which is very weak in my house.  I have an AM/FM station in my living room and I don't have any problems with the radio and antenna.  The only thing I would change is the antenna's power rating.  For my home, I would recommend getting the 10W.  But if you have a small house and can only get the 5W, then go for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a wireless mouse for my husband to use on the couch at work. The mouse worked out of the box and I was able to use it for a few hours. The wireless range is great for the price and the mouse is a lot quieter than a wired mouse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome item! It's very convenient for keeping your phone at your desk, and you can just plug in and off it without removing your hands from the keyboard or mouse.  I was not expecting it to last this long! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is amazing!  The card has been running for years now without any problems and the price is unbeatable.  We will never be without it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to remove my case, which also had my ipod, from my car to put my mp3 player in.  The case was too small and could not support the player, so I had to remove it.  It was a snap to remove the case, open it up, insert the mp3 and it was just right!  The battery life is great!  It lasted me 2 months before the battery finally died.  I have it again now and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have bought all of these for my son for Christmas gifts. The first one was great and we both liked the look of it. The second one (now with the new battery) is great. I love it!  I would recommend it to anyone who has a lot of photos that you want to take. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The battery is very powerful and lasts for quite a while.  You can use it for the car to charge up your mp3 player.  The only problem is the car's radio.  If you have a car radio that uses power for iPod, you may need to remove it from the vehicle to charge the iPod.  Otherwise, I don't know how to charge my iPod with the battery that I have 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These batteries are super.  They last for hours of usage.  Don't know why they arent more expensive.  Great value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have purchased many of these from Amazon and other stores. I love the fact that it is small and does not cost as much as others. I also like the fact it has an auto-rotation feature. This is a great product to have when I'm not using the phone for work. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice piece.  It fits my laptop perfectly.  You can remove it easily and put it on any desk or book case that you want to use it.  The picture quality is superb 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is nice to have a mouse that is small enough to fit your hand but can be used as a mouse all day long.  I have used it at the computer and in the house and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I was looking for.  It is a great buy for the money.  You can also hook it up to your ipod without having to spend extra on a mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item was exactly what I needed. I can hook up my iPod, my phone, and my ipod power cord all at once and it will charge all three.  I would definately recomment buying this product.  It is an absolute hit for the price.  Thanks for the good electronic items 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are perfect.  It is not too small and not too heavy, and the volume is great.  The only drawback is the plastic ear buds (that break easily) which is the same reason why they are so cheap.  But if you're looking for a great pair of ear buds at a low price, these will do the job.  I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for an affordable ear bud.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  It is easy to use, has a great sound, and the pictures are great!  I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony MDR-100D has a good sound quality and looks.  I am using it for watching movies and TV.  The only downside I can think of is that the remote is hard to use.  But, the sound is great and I can't really find any other way to control the volume.  It is also small and easy to use, which is a plus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my dad and he loves it.  He's a carpenter and we are always out in the sun so his car is always hot.  With a wireless mouse, it's easy to keep the carapace cool and the mouse can be seen through the dash.  I was not disappointed.  If you're looking for something to use with your car, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality for the price.  I have owned a pair of Sony ear buds for years, and this is my new pair.  The sound is just as good as my Sony ear bud.  It is a pleasure to listen to music.  No complaints, just great product for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product!  It's a nice upgrade from my last one.  It is easy to use, and I don't have to wait for it to finish updating and start playing my files 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound great, but don't come with any of the options for wireless - and if you want a remote to be wireless, you'll have to purchase one separately 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound card. I'm getting about 30-40mbps from my stereo and it is still working.  You'll need to set the volume up and down a bit on the sound card, but it's not too much.  I'm glad to have a nice piece of hardware for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice to have these in my cabinet. I love the sound. It is an extra bonus that I can use the TV's sound and TV speakers for my games or movies. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had mine for about a year now, and I still haven't found anything better.  The quality is good, but the battery life is excellent.  I can always use the phone at night when I'm away from my home, and it lasts for quite a while.  My only problem with it is the lack of a case.  However, I'm not so bothered by this because the phone has an integrated case.I highly recommend this phone for anyone who needs a reliable phone.  You won't regret it if you buy it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two of these speakers for my office and they are both working well.  I will be buying another pair soon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to do my iPod. I have an HP Pavilion dv10 and I was very pleased with the performance of the dv9.  The dv7 was a little bit more finicky and required a little more manual adjustments in the volume.  I would recomment this product if you have an older ipod or ipod touch and want to keep it from making too much noise. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as advertised.  Very good product, very easy to install and use, just what I needed.  I also purchased an extra battery because it has the same capacity as my previous Canon camera.  Will be getting a second battery soon and will definately use this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very good product.  Can't beat the price for this product. i would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Great price. Easy installation. Sound is as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this product.  I have not had any problems with it.  The only thing that is a little bit annoying is that it is a tad slow to respond to incoming calls.  If you want to be able to make outgoing calls quickly and efficiently, I would suggest using a phone that has an integrated dial-up modem. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product after having problems with the previous version.  The installation was very easy and took less than 20 minutes.  It is sturdy, works as expected, and is very nice.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great purchase.  Very easy setup and works like a charm.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the fact that it's wireless is an added bonus. I would suggest buying a set of ear buds as opposed to this because the sound is very loud and there is a lot of background noise. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this radio to listen to the radio.  I can pick up and hold the radio, turn it on and it's in the car.  The sound is clear and the radio is very easy to use.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The antenna is nice.  The sound quality is a little different than the other antennas I have and the reception is great.  I would definetly recommend this antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound very good. I am very happy with the sound quality.  The only thing I don't like is the fact that the microphone is on the back of the system, rather than on the front, which is what I prefer.  Overall, I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit works as a normal DVD player, but has a new feature - it will allow you to access your files on a PC. The unit also has an integrated DVD player which is excellent for watching DVDs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these to go along with my new Canon EOS 5D MKII. I am a big fan of the ability to change the output from my camcorder to my television, or vice versa. I also have a Canon E3 and a Canon DIGIT Vectra 6X6 that I use as my TV, and the 5D MkII has been the absolute BEST camcorders for both of them. The sound quality is very good, the screen is bright and clear and the range of the mic is superb. The only negative review I have about these is that the supplied antenna is a little bit small and difficult to get a good connection to, but I do recommend getting a different antenna if you plan on using the TV as a camcord receiver or receiver for the TV, as they will not fit as well as the ones supplied with the 5Ds. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an excellent value for the money, with plenty of room to fit an additional DVD player or player with a second hard drive, and it is sturdy enough to protect the computer and the DVD player. I would buy again for the same price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great.  The only negative is that the power cord is too short.  I would get the longer cord 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a good product for the money.  It has a small amount of room for storage but is big enough for my main hard drive.  The software to setup the programmable buttons is easy to use and it is just what I need 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this was a great buy for the money. i love the sound and it is easy to use.  i also purchased an external CD player, and it also does a great job, but for the price and ease of use this is hands down the best buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is great to have such a small size of a DVD player. The sound quality is great.  I would suggest buying a better player if you want to use this DVD player at a bigger screen. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great electronic device, the price is great and it works.  Just like the other reviews I got mine from Amazon.  I've had other products that don't work, but Amazon was great.  It was shipping as soon as I placed the order 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  It allows me to use my ipod in the car, and it is very small.  I have an ipod that has the same capacity, so I can now take my ipods out and put them back in my car without taking off the bag that I carry around.  The only problem is that I would have liked it if I could use it in the same way the ipod is in the vehicle.  You cannot use the ipods as headphones, because there is no battery for them.  But with the speakers, I can use it to listen to music in the cars while I am driving.  There is also an ipad with a built-in CD player.  Both these are great, and the ipad is only slightly more expensive than the ipoda.  Overall, the ipode is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the item in time and was very pleased.    It is easy to use and looks good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best in the business!  It is great for all sorts of music and movies, especially at the cost of $10 or less!  The only negative review I can give is that you must remove the battery cover to charge it.  I bought the battery, and it only lasted for 3.5 hours, so I guess it's more than enough 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  It is very easy to use, and its size is great for taking photos.  I haven't had any problems with it.  The only drawback is the case is not very sturdy.  So, if you want to take photos of your electronics in the office, take it in your bag.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great.  I am using it with my ipod shuffle and it gives me plenty of room for the headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for the money. I just purchased it and it has performed like a champ. I have an ipod with an optical drive so I don't have any of the problems I had with my old one. I am able to take pictures and record them onto my ipod without any problems. It is also a breeze to use. I would highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm a huge fan of the sound quality and the fact that the receiver was shipped free from the manufacturer's responsibility for broken wires.  I was a little disappointed when I found that the antenna was a cheap plastic one that was not long enough to cover the entire receiver.  Thankfully, the unit is still working perfectly fine after just a few minor repairs!  I have the original version of this receiver, which has a black plastic antenna.  This new version, with the new antenna, is far superior to the original model in terms of reception, clarity, and sound quality!  The only difference is the price...which I'm still not quite used to 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is nice and looks good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a way to put my cd player in my car, and needed something smaller than the iPod, but with the ability to charge the player and take it anywhere.  The Shunpike was exactly what I needed, and it is an excellent product for the price.  I can take my iPod and my player everywhere I go! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife to use while she is at work. I don't have any complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as advertised.  It is very nice to have a CD player in your car.  Great sound and its looks and design are both really nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just purchased the 4GB SD card. It has already performed flawlessly. It is a big improvement from my previous card.  I've now got 4GB of space that is more than sufficient for my daily use.  The only problem I had was that the card would not mount in my computer's case.  Don't get this card if you need it to mount on a case.The card works just as advertised and is a great price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has worked well for my HP ProLiant 6500 printer.  It is small and lightweight, which I appreciate.  The only problem I have had is that it does not support the HP ink.  For some reason I do not have an HP ink cartridge and I do NOT want to waste any ink in the printer!  I'm sure this will be solved with future HP ink cartridges! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a Sony CD player for 6 months now.  I can now play all of my MP3's in my car (or in the house) and my kids love it.  The speakers have plenty of bass, but the sound quality is good enough for everyday listening.  It does take a while to load a CD, but once it's there you'll forget it's a CD player.  You can also use the CD player to watch movies or TV, listen to your favorite tunes, or play games 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I had to order it online because it's not listed on Amazon.  It works as advertised.  The sound is great.  Just remember to keep the batteries in a box for protection. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with the product and its performance.  I have an HP printer and it is great to print with it, but it is a bit difficult to print in the dark.  My friend also had an HP and it was a dream to print without any problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great buy! You can't beat the sound quality and the fact that it's small.  Great for those who have small hands and the battery is just right for your iPod.  It's a little loud for my tastes but I love it!  I also have an iPod Mini that I have to take care of and this one's easier to take out and charge 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described.  No complaints about the sound or the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new battery to keep my new iPod touch and its charger charged at all times, so I purchased the "battery case" for the iPod touch. It's a nice, compact case, fits the iPod nicely and is durable.  It's an improvement over the standard battery case that came with my iPod touch, and it allows for more room for the charger and the case together.  I have no complaints.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The first time I tried this I was disappointed.  I could hear the sound, but the picture was horrible.  Since then I have used this with my wife's TV and it is amazing!  My wife and I are both very pleased with the sound quality and picture quality.  We both have HDTVs and this is an absolute must have for those in our area.  The sound quality is great and the picture is very good!  It is great for a small office room or an entertainment system in the car.  It does not require an extra power cord, which is a plus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second item from Sony. The first was a Sony mp3 player. I was not sure how this would hold up in my small apartment with the tiny TV's. I can't believe the difference it makes when it comes to sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod shuffle is an amazing player for your iPod, and it has a lot of features that make it so much easier to use than my previous iPod shuffle. The shuffle has a new "dock" design that allows you to just hold it at the front while it plays the song. The new "slide out" design makes it a lot easier to carry around in your bag. I have had no problems with it whatsoever, and I've been using it for almost 2 months now. I've used it all around my house and have not experienced any problems with the player whatsoever. I highly recommend this player to anyone with an iPod and don't regret the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's just what I wanted! I like the wireless signal and the ability to use the radio for entertainment as well as calling.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case to protect my MacBook Air.  It does the job nicely.  I only wish that they offered more color options.  The case is a great buy, and the price is fair.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables are great!  I bought them for my car, and use them for everything from home to work.  They are long enough for a single cable to go from my iPod to the car's stereo, and the plugs are easy to plug in and out of the stereo.  I also use them to hook my iPod up to my laptop, which has a smaller stereo.It also works great as an extension to an iPod dock - just plug in your headphones, and boom!  It's a great product, and a nice way to carry your iPod on the go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is a nice electronic device.  I haven't had any problems with it so far.  It is a bit small, but is comfortable for my small hands 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, can hold all my ipods and ipods2. Great sound. Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best electronic device I've ever purchased for the money.  It is worth every penny 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great, I have been using them for over 5 years now.  I have never had any problems with them.  They are comfortable and they hold my ear securely.  The only thing I don't like about them is that they don't have an included microphone, which is a big plus for me.  But overall, I like them very much. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy to use, reliable product.  Don't worry about losing it or broken buttons, I've had no problems with mine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables are great. I have had them for almost three years and have never had any problem with them.  I would recomend them for any other person who uses their iPod as their main MP3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because I needed an mp3 player for my daughter and I'm still happy with the sound quality.  The remote control is very nice and the screen is clear.  I also really like the sound, and the speakers are pretty decent.  It was a little hard to set up because the instructions didn't mention how to plug in the speakers.  This was easy to do by just plugging in the power cord and then the speakers will start playing.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great. I can't believe the price. It is a little slower than the other one I have, but not a big deal.  The color is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I was looking for and exactly as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had an HP inkjet printer for 5 years and the last two were at least 20 years old.  These new HP cartridges are faster, better and more reliable than the ones I had.  They're also more affordable than the usual HP ink for a similar printer.  I'm now able to print at home with the same machine and ink that I use at work.  It's a little cumbersome at first, but it's very well worth it.  Great service and shipping from Amazon too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this item.  It's exactly as advertised and fits the space nicely.  The only problem is that the cables aren't quite long enough, but that's not a big deal.  I don't really use the radio, so the battery life is a big plus 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mp3 player, it is so easy to use, has great sound quality and it is a joy to use.  It has a small footprint, it fits nicely in the palm of your hand and is well-made 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great little case.  It fits well and is easy to use.  I'm very pleased with it.  If I had to do it again I would definitely get the case with the front zipper.  The case is very nice.  Great price.  Don't know why other brands don't make them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The printer is very sturdy and durable.  The ink is great.  I would buy again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this case for my Sony PS2.  It's great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is clear, crisp and clear.  The only thing I wish is the front panel could be a bit wider, but it isn't a big deal 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this item, I just wish I could get it for my wife's birthday.  I have a Sony player and I used to have to buy new CD cases for it.  This is the only thing we have to keep our player from getting scratched.  The case is so comfortable and protects my player from scratches.  It's a great buy and I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality. The iPod is easy to use.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my personal computer and I like it.  It has worked well for the last 3 years.  I can also store pictures in my memory card and print them at home.  This product has a little bit of weight and is small enough to take with me everywhere I go.  Overall, I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use as a media player in her new office. She loves it.  The product works perfectly for her.  I would highly recommend it.It does everything she needs to use the media player.  You can even record movies on it.I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great for my Canon 5D.  Great picture and sounds.  Can't beat the price.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine with all of my cables including the included adapters. It has a nice sound and it does a great job of protecting the cable when it is not plugged into a TV or other device. I also appreciate the fact that it is easy to plug in the AC power and it is a very quiet product. I would not hesitate to purchase another one like this. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great price for an extra pair of headphones.  I use them on the road, when I'm on the bus, when driving.  The sound quality is excellent.  Don't expect anything less than top quality.  You will get a lot more use out of this cable than other brands.  Highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great value for the money. I used it for several months and never had any problems with it. I have had no issues with it whatsoever. The only problem I had with it was that the software was a bit slow when I used my computer. I was able to speed things up somewhat with a little tweaking, but it's a minor annoyance. Overall I was very satisfied with the product. I recommend this card highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the perfect case for my iPod!  The included rubber case was a little too small for the iPod, but the inside is so nice!  It keeps the iPod perfectly protected, with no gaps between the case and the iPod.  I can't wait to have a bigger case to protect my next iPod! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very satisfied with the product.  I was looking for a compact drive for my wife and I.  The price was very good and it fits our needs nicely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is exactly what I needed for my 5th camera, but I'm not sure if it will fit my 7th camera (in black) 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a way to use my iPod without having to keep the batteries in the car, which is often the case with my iPod.  I got this and it works great.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, fast delivery 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was worried when I first purchased this that the wires could get in the way. I have never had a problem with any other wire and was pleasantly surprised that they do stay out of the way, at least for the most part. The only thing that could be better is the included case for the wires, which is a little flimsy and seems to scratch easily. I don't mind the case at all. It has lots of room for all the wires and holds the earphones securely 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome electronic device.  I have a HP Compaq laptop and it is small and light weight and it has all of the features you need to get work done on it.  This product is great.  It has tons of options for configuring things like sound, internet connection, etc. and is a very cool product.  The only downside is that it does not have a DVD drive.  However, it does have an optical drive that you can use to store your images.  Don't think I'll be looking for an upgrade to the product anytime soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Good price. Easy to set up.  I have the 2GB model and it is fast enough for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device of the kind that I have bought and it was a great buy.  It is great for my new DVD player.  I am a bit picky about DVD players, so this was an instant purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing! I had my original Panasonic LP-DV2 for 2 months and the only problem I had with it was that the battery wouldn't last. I am now using this battery with my new Panasonic DVX-8T, which I got for free from Amazon. It has the same picture quality and performance as the original, but it lasts longer. I really like this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I needed a good wireless microphone, but also wanted it to have the best signal quality possible. I was very pleased with the product. It is very easy to set up and use, and gives a clear signal all the way from my apartment. It has an excellent range, and I did not notice any interference when I was using it in my office, which is where I usually listen to my music.  I highly recommend this product for anyone who wants a wireless microphone that is not too noisy, and is not going to pick up any static or static-induced static on the line coming from your wireless router. I would definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna works fine, and is a great way to get a bigger signal than the radio I have.  It also is a little easier to use than my previous antenna, as I had to unplug it once for it to receive the signal.  The antenna itself is pretty well made, but the product does have a small blemish, which is a small piece of metal that sits on the antenna.  I am pretty sure this is just a result of the antenna not being perfectly oriented. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best buy I have made for my HP ProLiant 6520, and I love the fact that I can use my mouse, which is not included in the box, as well as the wireless mouse.  I have not experienced any problems with the mouse, but I am not sure if the wireless is just better than the included mouse, or if the mouse is just easier to use.  If I were to purchase another product for my laptop, I would definitely choose this product over the one included with my HP 6520 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon 5D Mark III.  I wanted something to hold my CD player in place, so I bought this because of the price.  It does the job.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this memory.  My previous memory was destroyed when I put my CD in it.  This memory is much better, better quality.  The sound is clear and crisp, and the memory itself is small and light.  It is very easy to store and transport.  Overall I am very happy with this memory 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this battery for my Canon digital camera to recharge.  The batteries do work, and I do get a little battery life for my money.  But for an item like this, I would recommend buying the larger Panasonic cells 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an additional hard drive and this is a good option.  I can use my regular 1TB Seagate HDD for photos, video, music, and whatever I need to keep on my desktop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works fine.  However, if you do not have a DVD player, the product is not fully compatible with your DVD player.  If you plan to use it for the purpose of recording your DVDs, do NOT buy the product with your own player - buy a brand-name product with a player module.  My product worked with the Panasonic player.So far, I have had no problems with my DVD recording. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my new Sony CD player.  I love it!  I have it plugged in the right way and the sound is so clear and the reception is very clear.  The only thing that I wish it would be is a little bit more durable.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I expected. I like it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very satisfied with the product, its nice, no fuss. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice product.  It does the job for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've bought this for my wife for Christmas and it's great.  Great sound and the case is comfortable.  I use the DVD player to watch movies, TV, etc. and it keeps the radio from burning my hands.  It's very cool looking too.  We both like it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product.  The radio reception is much better than the $30 CDJ that I used to have.  It's more reliable, and more comfortable to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my wife for her birthday gift. It's a great electronic device.  The sound is great.  It's very portable.  Also, it is a bit small.  Still, it does the job.  Thanks for the good electronic item. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is excellent.  Great sound, a nice price, works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this battery for my laptop because it would fit.  The battery is well made and has a positive rating 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly as advertised, worked as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because my previous mouse did not work with Microsoft Office and I wanted something that would fit my hands comfortably.  I'm using it for the first time now and have had no problems with it.  The mouse has been great and has a nice feel to it, however, I would like to see a mouse that was more responsive to my fingers.  It has a fairly low weight but has a long cord that is helpful to keep it from falling.  One negative thing I have found is that the mouse button is not easy to use in a low profile layout (i.e. in my fingers).  I would suggest using a different button if you're looking to use this mouse in such a layout.  Overall I'm pleased with it and will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a very nice product.  It has an internal antenna and works perfectly for the price.  The software is very easy to use and has a few extra features that you don't get with the other options out there.  I would definetly recommend this product for anyone who is looking to get a decent antenna for their home computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a couple of them now for a couple months.  I don't use them to charge my cell phone, but I do use them for my iPod to charge it.  They are a breeze to set up and use and work great.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod shuffle is very sleek and easy to use, and it's just as easy to remove as the iPod it replaced.  I use the included adapter to connect my iPod to the computer and then use my iPod shuffle to stream music from my computer to my iPod.  The shuffle is a great little device that will get you through the door of most rooms and make your iPod a complete multimedia system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  The only problem is the sound quality.  It's not too bad, but there is some noise on the right speaker, the left speaker is quiet.  I would buy again if it didn't cost me $70 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best case I have ever had, for an ipod.  It keeps the case together very well.  Also, the screen is the only one that I have had that is not scratched.  Overall a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best buy I have seen for the price.  The sound quality is excellent.  I have had this for over 6 months and I love it.  No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great buy!  It is long, it can hold my ipod, mp3 player, ipod dock and my ipods/mp3 player all comfortably.  It has a very nice sound quality.  I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as described.  The sound quality is superb, and the remote is easy to use and allows you to dial in your preferred volume levels.  I highly recommend this product for anyone looking for an mp3 player.  If you're looking for a bigger player with a bigger sound, then check out the Sony MP3 player which is also a great product.  It also has a built in CD player. I don't recommend the Sennheiser MP3 player as it doesn't have the ability to play mp3's, and its volume control is not as effective as the Sony. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the earbuds for a while, and now have them in my ears all the time. They have a great sound.  I would highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use to have the same model of TV but it has been missing a button.  I am sooo pleased with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great buy, and works perfectly!  Don't know what the reviews about it were about, but it's working very well.  I'm happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has saved me a lot of money.  It is very sturdy.  The sound quality is amazing.  I have a Panasonic TV and it's not that loud. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are a great value for the money and will definitely last a long time. I'm using them for the gym and when I have to be in the gym with my music. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is the best product for my use.  it works great and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player is very sturdy.  The buttons are easy to operate and the sound is great.  I was able to listen to a DVD that I purchased in a local store and it performed perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mouse.  It's very small, which is a plus when you're trying to keep a laptop computer to a small space.  I also love the fact that it's rubber, which I find helps to keep my hand in place and is nice for my hand to grip the mouse.The only problem I have with this mouse is that when you press a button, it turns the wheel on.  This is annoying when I want to turn it around or turn the mouse, since it takes me a few tries to get used to the wheel.  If you like to turn your mouse around, this is a great mouse for you.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best product for my printer.  It is well built and fits my printer nicely.  Very happy with the product.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Fujitsu LQ10 and wanted to try out the PDAF10. I had to return it after a couple of days because it had no working features.  The PDA F10 is a great device, it is compact and has great functionality.  It is very easy to use and it has a large LCD.  Great deal of features and good quality, I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product because I wanted a small but sturdy case to protect my iPod, which I had gotten damaged in several places.  It does what it is advertised to do very well, and it is well worth the price.  I wish I had bought it sooner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for the money.  It's very sturdy, and the color is very accurate.  I am very pleased with it.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have bought several items over the last few years and have always been satisfied with the performance of the iPod.  These headphones are an improvement over the ear buds I was used to.  They do a better job of isolating my ear canal.   I highly recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very happy with the product. The sound is very clear.  It is a little louder than I expected but not to much.  I would definately recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've used this on my wife's ipod and she hasn't a problem with it.  We've had a couple of crashes, but other than that it's been a great electronic device.  I would buy it again if I needed it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and fast shipping, the product arrived exactly as I expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy for your camera, although the picture quality is not that great. The only thing you need to do is to mount it onto the tripod, and it will hold your camera steady 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The speakers sound great, but they can get a little hot, especially if you're playing loud music, and you're on the sofa and it's not a cushioned seat. This speaker has a metal case that will protect your speakers from the most damage, but still protects your ears. It's a good buy for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my new ipod player and I am very satisfied with it.  The player plays all the songs I want without a problem.   I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product in my car for over 6 months.  I have had no problems with it.  The speakers are great.  They sound clear and the sound is crisp.  It has an iPod interface that allows me to play all of my favorite songs without having to search for them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The SPCM radio has a nice sound with minimal interference and is an easy to use interface.  It is a little hard to receive the stations in the middle of the night because of the weak signal but overall a good product.  You get a lot more reception with less interference than an FM radio, but the AM reception is great.  The CD player itself is a great piece of kit and I would suggest it to anyone looking for a small FM radio that works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used this product for a few months now.  I'm an AT&T customer, but it's great for me because I don't have to change my modem every month.  It works great and I'm looking forward to buying another product that will do the same thing. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good printer.  The product was as advertised and arrived on time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great buy.  Great sound quality and nice design.  I'm not sure if the volume is too loud for me but it does give you an option to cut off the high and low end when using headphones.  The only con is that the speakers are a little small for those who don't use them for music but I've never had any problems with the sound quality.  My only complaint is that there's only one volume control so I have to keep mine in the middle of the dial.  If you want to customize the sound volume then this is a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my iPod and it works fine.  It is easy to use, has a good sound quality and is an inexpensive way to listen to music.  If you want to store mp3s or music you do not need an mp3 player so this is a great option.  The only drawback is that it has a battery that will die within a year or two so be sure to buy a good one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a wireless printer for a few things and this worked great for my needs. I had a Canon LaserJet and it worked great. It was a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is the best for my Canon 7D.  I would recomend this product for any Canon camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is very compact, and has all of the necessary features for my needs.  Very happy with the product, and a real bargain!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's office computer and she absolutely loves it.  You can plug it directly into the wall outlet so no extra adapters or cords needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a very well made card.  The card itself is great.  I do not like the way it was packaged and shipped.  It was in the mail and there was no shipping notice so I could return it.  In addition the card works fine in both windows XP and XP64 and is a great little card for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only had a few problems with the printer, and they are all minor.  First, I will only use the ink cartridge that comes with it, and the cartridge lasts a long time.  Also, the ink has a yellow tint to it which makes it very difficult to scan and print things that require bright colors.  I recommend using the ink that comes included with your printer.  The printer has worked for me so far.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the battery was in the lowest capacity and I had to replace it.  It was the perfect choice.  The case has an ergonomic design, which is very comfortable, and the buttons are easy to use.  I highly recommend it. I would buy again if I needed a case that fit my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external CD player and could not find one at the local stores. I wanted a bigger player with the ability to play more than just one CD. This product did the job for the price and I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are just what I was looking for. They're comfortable to wear and they are durable. The only thing I don't like is that they are so small and they get in the way of my ears, but I donot have any big ears.  I'll buy more if they're ever available at a good price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for my wife and I to have as a back up printer.  We are both professionals in printing and we like the fact that the cartridges don't break easily.  It is a little expensive but worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards are great for doing many things that other card manufacturers can't do 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome deal.  You don't have to worry about the wire getting in the way.  I use it all the time and it never gets lost.  It has a nice sound and is a joy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are perfect for my wife and I to use on the road and it works just like I imagined.  I have only had them a week and they are holding up to the abuse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  It works with the original Sony MP3 player and it has a big sound.  The only problem I had with this is the battery life.  I was able to keep the player on all the time with a full charge.  If you are looking for a player that can be plugged into your radio, this is a good one.  But if you want to play mp3's with a CD player, then this is not the player for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well. Good sound and it is a great value for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first time I have purchased a DVD player, so I was looking for something that would be as good as an other brand I have used in the past.  The Panasonic DVD player is pretty easy to set up and use.  I like the fact that it has a built in DVD player with it.  Also, it is a compact design and is very easy to carry.  It has a large capacity DVD player that is well suited for my needs.  Overall, it does a good job of playing DVDs and is a great value.  For the price, I can't go wrong 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best case I've seen for the price!  The picture quality is incredible and the ability to open the lid and take pictures is great.  You can't beat the price for this.  Buy it, buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is nice. the size of this thing is perfect. the only thing I would like to see is the ability to save and load alsa files to the card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones sound great. I'm an avid listener to earbuds, and these are very comfortable.  I like the fact that I can listen to the radio without having to take off my earbud, which makes them a big plus for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the new iPOD, I am using it to record the movies I shoot, and it is a lot better than the old one.  The sound is good, it's easy to use, and I like the ability to record video and photos at the same time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great. The remote is great too. I like it so much, I bought the same item for my wife 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product. I use it for my iPod shuffle and the sound is great. It is a great product for a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have always had a problem with my iPod, and that is the battery life.  I had to find an alternative.  This is an excellent product.  It does not get as hot as my old model and I can keep it in my pocket without having to plug it in.  The only drawback is the sound quality.  If you have an ear phone, this is a great product. The ear phones are very nice, but you may need to use it to hear the music or you may not like the volume.  In my case, I had the volume down to be quite low.  Don't get me wrong, I love my iPod for its ability to play and store my music.  But if you want something that can also hold your phone, iPod works great.  My wife and I use it for both. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to help my wife take pictures of her electronic device, which she wanted to be able to do from anywhere in the house.  The picture quality is great and the included batteries are great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to replace my original CD player with an iPod and was not sure which player I could get at the local electronics store.  After visiting Amazon, I found the same player for $20.  The shipping was free, and the player is just as good as the $50 Amazon price.  It is small, has a nice volume control, and has the same features as my older model.  I have also been using it for several months without problems.  For my wife and I, we both have an iPod (with the same model number) and we have not had any problems. It is a great buy.  Amazon also has a few inexpensive CD player options, but they are not as well made as the Amazon player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works fine, the price is reasonable and I am happy with it.  I have not had any problems, however I did receive a defective DVD, so I am returning it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great electronic device and works just as advertised.  I've had mine for a month and it still works great.  It looks very nice and the sound is great.I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is well made and the only thing that I have to complain about is that it is a little short.  If you have a mouse that has a little more travel then this is the mouse for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the cheapest option and I am very pleased with the performance and size. I would recommend buying the higher-end product from Sony. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to be afraid of the internal speakers, but they're awesome. I now have them on all of my devices and they're never out of tune or out of power, which is a great thing when you're listening to music or listening to TV. The only negative review I have about them is that the remote is a little finicky. If you have an iPod or some other MP3 player, it's easy to use, but if you don't, you may have to do some fiddling. It doesn't have the volume button on the right hand side, so you have to use the left one. I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an mp3 player that they can use without the hassle of remotes. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my husband and he loves it! It's a lot better than my old Canon camera, and it is so much faster to load photos and the photos are sharper.  He would buy another one if he could.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it doesn't have any "magic" in it.  It just loads up and is good as it is.  We've had no problems with it so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this card because I needed an external drive for my printer and needed a more powerful option than the standard model.  It has the same capacity as my Canon P3G, and is more efficient for copying/scanning.  I've only used it once and it was working fine.  The only drawback is that it is quite bulky and bulky case, which could be a little uncomfortable when using the printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are the perfect headphones for the price!  They are well made, comfortable, and sound great!  The only negative I have is that they can get uncomfortable after awhile.  The bass is pretty strong and I would say they would be a great buy for an iPod player! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna works as advertised.  It has a better signal than the one I'm using at home, and is more discreet than the antenna on my car. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am new to the HP web based printer.  It was exactly what I needed for my new home office space.  I was able to print in bright colors at a decent speed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as advertised. It is a great price and has a great sound quality. The only problem I have with this product is that it is so small that you could put it into your backpack. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was concerned about the battery life of my Sony MP-B600 because I did not want to waste the $30 that I paid for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have to wait a while for my printer to print because of the problem with the ink.  The new product is much faster to print.  I like it, but the ink is a little more expensive than the one I had.  Don't be afraid of the price; if it is worth it, you will get it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very good.  I have it in the house and am using it everyday for everything.  It is quiet and has the speakers and sound clarity to match.  Very nice product.  You won't regret buying it.  If you want to use your phone with the volume up, it does help.  The only problem is the speakers.  They aren't the best.  However, they are quiet and are great for the small space we have to work in 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my TV's remote, but it also worked great for my laptop's remote as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only had it for a few days and I've used it quite a bit already.  I am happy with it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing piece of hardware.  I can use my Canon digital camera with the remote control all I have to do is push a button.  It is very responsive and the screen is clear and crisp.  This will be a great addition to my studio system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this in conjunction with a HP laptop.  It's a small but powerful wireless connection to the HP.  I've been using this for over a month now, and have had no problems whatsoever.  The only problem I have is with my Dell laptop. I get a lot of packets that are in the wrong order and end up in the radio, so I try to sort them out by pressing the "send" button on the radio.  But this is just a side effect of the wireless connection, which is very stable and reliable.  Overall I'm very satisfied with this product, and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are a great buy. The only problem I have is they don't have an antenna that is compatible with the Garmin GPS watch.  You can buy something else, such as a Jawbone, for the antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just wanted to say I've been pleased with the product.  I have 2 of these drives and I use them all the time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only thing I would buy over my ipod and mp3 player. I am happy with the sound quality, it's a little easier to listen to mp3s and use the radio 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new DVD player for my husband and he is a big man. This player is a great deal.  I have not been able to find a cheaper option, but I was afraid it would break if I used the standard DVD player.  The only negative thing I have to say is that the remote is a little hard to use, but other than that, I would buy this again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm! It does everything i needed to.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this case for my iPod because it was very large for a small iPod, and it is sturdy and the front pocket fits my iPod perfectly.  The case is very durable.  It does have a small hole in the back that I would recommend getting some sort of electronic device to protect it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony mp3 player, and I wanted something smaller.  The mp3 is too big to carry around the house.  This is great for the price.  Very easy to mount and use, but it is very sturdy.  There is also a built in iPod player that is great.  I would buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to replace my original pair of Sony earbuds, and I'm extremely happy with the product.  I can hear my music much clearer and more accurately than the old earbud.  The only problem I have with them is the fact that the earbudes actually hold some of the wire from the earcup to the ear itself.  This is not a problem for my Sony earphones, however, and makes the earpieces much easier to use.  If you have long earphones (like myself) it may not be a problem.  But if you're just looking to get a pair of headphones, then I recommend these. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with this product.  It's very sturdy and I had no problem opening the case and getting my power cord to work.  I would recommend this product to anyone.  The product was delivered in great condition and I would purchase from Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only reason I bought this was because I was not getting the full potential of the HD650.  I needed to get it for my wife, and the other option I had was to go to the Apple store to get a new Mac with an HD600 and hope that it worked fine.  It did, and she has both an HD650 and HD650CD.  Both are great.  For her, it's a great investment.  If you have a Mac, I strongly recommend you get an HD 650 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised.  I've had it for a few months now and have had no problems.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that the product doesn't come with a stand.  You will need to purchase the stands from Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's car, since we're on the road a lot.  She loves it, and it is great for the price.  The speakers are louder than our car's FM system, and the sound quality is good.  Overall a good buy for a good car stereo. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I had my old iMac and wanted a new one. I saw all the reviews about the included CD player, but did not want to spend extra for the product.  The price was a steal, and it was a real joy to use.  It's small, light, and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a bit skeptical about the sound quality, but it was exactly as advertised.  Very clear and pleasant sound, with a little bass.  The sound card is a great product, it is worth the price alone.  It works flawlessly with my Windows XP system.  I recommend this product highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal for your money. It does exactly what I wanted.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a DVD recorder to record my home movies. I have the Lexar 2.1 with an I.C.D. built-in which is a great little unit.  The Lexar is great for the price.  But I wanted something a little more powerful.  I bought this unit for $150.  It is definitely not as heavy as the I.M.D., but it does have a few advantages.  First of all, it is small and light.  Secondly, it has a 2.5" player which is actually more than I wanted.  Finally, it offers an easy interface with the Lexars built- in DVD recorder software.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this product and it works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product.  Great sound, and the price is great.  This product is definitely worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it works well, looks good, has lots of room, and is easy to use.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well with my Canon Epson printer.  I did not find any problems with it, other than it is a little pricey. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a good compact mp3 player for the car.  This was it.  I would highly recommend it to anyone else buying a new mp3 for a car.It's great.  The only problem I had was the sound quality.  You'll need to use headphones to really get the full effect of what you're listening to.  It sounds like the speakers in your car are really blasting out music.  For my tastes, it was a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It works great.  I like the fact that it comes with 2 antennas.  We have used it for the past few weeks and it works perfectly.  Thanks for the help 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a small CD player and this one fit the bill.  It is light weight and it holds the discs and the player nicely.  The player is very comfortable and I would recommend this to anyone who has a small office or home office with a big CD player.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The sound is clear and the remote is easy to use.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this antenna for my wife to watch CNN in the bedroom. It is great. I was a little disappointed when I noticed it didn't pick up any of the stations in the room.  I just happened to use it in the middle of a thunderstorm.  It picked up a strong signal and my wife and I were able to watch all the programs that were happening on the TV.  The sound quality is excellent.  Overall a great purchase.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I can plug it in and use my MP3 player, and the sound is great.  It's easy to use, but not too small.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for.  You can use it to stream your mp3 to your car stereo.  I love it!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse for my wife's birthday. She is a computer user and it works great for her.  She is very pleased with it.  I would recommend this product for anyone who has a laptop and a mouse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's birthday party.  It's an incredible product, it's portable and easy to use and is great quality.   I've used the product for over an hour and it is very well designed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio is good and the picture quality is good. I was a little worried when the radio didn't come with the FM tuner, but it is included 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a long time wanting a compact hard drive and I needed something smaller to use in my workstation. I saw the Seagate brand name and decided to go with it.  I really like it. It's small and has room for a lot of data, and it has the ability to copy a lot more.  The only negative I can think of is the fact that the drive is slightly smaller than the others I have.  If you're looking for a small hard drive, this one is worth looking at. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good product.  Works well with all of my PCs.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have a DVD burner that did not burn DVD's.  This burner burns DVD's and DVD's to DVD's as well as CDs.  It is a little pricey but for what it is worth it is a great value.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I use it in my car to record some of my MP3's.  It's a little bulky but it's not too big to be able to use it on the dash. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to listen to CDs on my computer. It is the only mp3 player that I have found that is able to drive an mp3 CD player, and the sound quality is great.  The only thing I wish it had was an SD card slot, but that is not an option with this player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these as a replacement for my old ones. They are much better, I didn't have to pay extra for something like a new memory card or a new case.  It is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the fact that this is a rechargeable battery that is compatible with my iPod. I just wish it was a little less expensive, since the charger included with the iPod will only charge it up to 50%! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a new player on an HP network and wanted something I could hook up to my iPod and use my wireless connection to get the music I was listening to. The unit is exactly what I was looking for. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm, can be charged from a laptop or from any device.  If you have an HP Pavilion I would suggest the HP battery pack for your wireless device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this antenna for my AM radio.  It is exactly as advertised and it works very well.  I'm very pleased with it and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy, at a good price.  It is compact and it works very well for my needs.  My only complaint is that it is not adjustable.  The unit does come with a small screwdriver that is easy to use and is very useful 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product with the intention of taking my laptop to class and I am happy to say that it was a great buy!  It's very easy to use and has a nice picture.  The only thing that I have to note is that the battery does not last as long as I would like it to.  I am looking for something that will last for an entire day and I plan on getting a new battery for my next laptop purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It has a great sound and is easy to use. I have only used it for an hour and it has worked well for that time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my son in July and it has been great.  He has made many calls with it and it is very easy to use and has great reception.  It has a nice color to it and the sound is very clear.  Very well made product, and for the price it's a great deal.  Don't hesitate buying a cheap antenna, it will last you forever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this antenna for my wireless home theater and the reception is clear and crisp.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  It allows you to plug and play the cd player from the house or anywhere in the house without an external power source, which is a nice feature when you're trying to cut back on the cost of your other electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for storing your mp3 and ipod and you don't have to take it out of the case.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had no problem with this product, i.e. not broken, no problems with the remote, and it has done everything that I've expected.  It is a great remote for your car stereo and also a great buy for someone who is not sure what they are doing.  I would definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and size for the price! I recommend this for anyone looking for an mp3 player that has a small footprint and is comfortable to hold.  It is the only player I've ever owned that I've not had to take it out of its case to listen to the sound, even when I'm not using it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great case for an ipod.  The size of the ipod in this case makes it easy to take it with you wherever you go.  There are plenty of pockets for the iPod.  I would buy this again for an even better case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product. I use it to listen to my mp3's in my car.  It is a bit small, but it's a small price to pay for the features it offers. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great, and they're light. I was looking for something like this for my daughters to use, and these fit her perfectly. They are comfortable, and there are not any problems with them, so if you're looking for a comfortable pair of headphones, these are a great option. The only problem I have is that the ear cups can get uncomfortable after a while, but other than that, they are great. If you're on the fence, I'd recommend getting them. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is a great product and the sound is great!  I just wish I could get my neighbors to use it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second order of this product.  It's a great product. The only drawback is that it is only for wireless keyboards.  The mouse is an additional $20.00. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife for Christmas and it has been great. It is easy to use and it is really light!  It has been working flawlessly.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I wanted and I am very pleased with the product.  I will definitely be buying again and recommending it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards are a great buy for anyone who has a scanner and a scanner software to use.  I bought these cards in bulk and have them working perfectly with both HP scanners and a Mac Plus.  The card worked great with both of my scanners, both HP and Mac Plus, and the software is intuitive and easy to use, but the prices are a little steep and you can get better deals elsewhere.  Buy these for your scanner! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are fantastic! I bought them thinking they would be a bit big, but they actually fit me very well. I am able to listen to all kinds of music without having to use the phone jack.  I am very satisfied with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this antenna for my wife and she uses it daily. It is great for daytime reception in the car and when you want to go out and catch the big game, you can just turn it on and away it goes.  The reception is clear and crisp and the picture quality is great.  We've had no problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card in my Canon Canon S95C.  It is a great card, especially for taking photos.  The only negative I have is the card doesn't hold up to a decent amount of use.  I recommend getting a higher capacity card, like the Canon S90. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card is great.  I use my 2 SD cards to play a ton of games, and now the memory card just makes it so much easier to backup and transfer games between my 2 laptops 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just needed an external hard drive for my laptop and wanted something portable. I am very pleased with this product.  I will certainly buy another one for my next laptop 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was received very quickly.  It is a very nice product.  I have been using it for about a week now and the pictures are great.  The sound is quite good.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great sound quality and great price.  I had a Sony mic that didn't work with my old iPod, so I got this for it.  It's not a big deal to have the iPod mic and the Sennheiser earphones.  Overall a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I expected, and I am very pleased with the results.  The sound is very clear and I have no problems listening to CDs and CD-Roms.  I would highly recommend this product for anyone who is looking for an mp3 player that is easier to use and has a higher quality sound.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a cheap DVD player that could handle DVD's that were up to 100MB in size. I found this player at Wal-Mart and got it in the mail 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item has saved me more than I anticipated.  It is an inexpensive product that does a great job of keeping your phone organized and organized.  I would recommend this product to anyone that wants to keep their phone organized 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's the only one of the kind I can use and still have an external power supply, so I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little product. I had to buy the other brand for a better price so I don't have to carry extra batteries, etc.  Great product!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is the perfect size to fit my Canon 7D and my Canon 5D.  I did not get any errors with the card in either camera.  The speed is just as fast as my Canon 6D.I am happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I used to have a scanner and now I can use my ipod for everything 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because of the small size and light weight. It's worth the extra money.  You can just plug it in and enjoy watching movies without having to use your expensive cable to connect it to your TV.  It also has a decent sound quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is very good. I am sure you will agree that the sound quality can't be beat.  The only thing that I wish it had was an iPod charger.  It takes a while to charge. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new memory card for my laptop and am a newbie to computer technology.  This card works fine and will hold my files and all of the software and files on it for many months 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  It is very compact and easy to use.  My only suggestion is that you should not mount it directly to your speakers because the speakers will probably vibrate 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card in the store, and they did not disappoint.  I use my laptop for surfing the web, and it is great.  It does a great job with the bandwidth needed, so if you need more than 4mbps, this is the card for you.  You do not need to hook up the PCI-e slot anymore 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I have an iPod shuffle and I love it.  The sound is clear, and I have to say that it does a great job of taking up space.  It is really light and not as bulky as the headphones I had previously.  My only complaint is that the cord is too short, but I'm not sure if it is a matter of personal preference.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great little radio, and the sound is really nice!  I would suggest getting the battery for it as well as the antenna, because it is a tad heavy.  I don't like the sound when it's all on the antenna because it's very distorted.  The battery has to be fully charged to use it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound for the money.  I like the sound, the sound is crisp and clear.  The speakers are small, however, they give a great sound, and they don't distort at all.  You won't get the sound of a full sized TV on your TV.  This thing is perfect for my kids room, and I really love the fact that it is not very big! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product with my iPod and it has worked very well for me.  My iPod plays all the songs I want and I can also use it as an MP3 player.  I also like the fact that I can plug in and use my iPod at the same time.  It is very easy to use and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item because I wanted to have a better wireless connection than I was getting with my Linksys Wireless Router. The Linksys wireless router is quite good, but it lacks the ability to transmit a signal through the walls of my home. I also want to be able to share files from my computer to my router. I wanted an inexpensive solution that could meet my needs. I got this product and it is exactly what I needed! I have had no problems with the connection and it works as advertised. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is an amazing value and performs like the other Kingston brand cards I've had.  Very quiet, no complaints, just right.  If you want to get more than a few movies at once, this card is a great choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the design of this mouse, it's a great ergonomic mouse with a nice size and weight.  The mouse is great for gaming, especially with the DPI settings.  I'm using it with my new Lenovo X220. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a little more space for my CDs, and this works great.  It is small and can fit in my purse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been very pleased with these earphones.  They are very comfortable, sound is clear and crisp, and are comfortable to wear.  I am looking for another pair of earphones as I am a small person and need more space in my ears.  The earphones fit well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son who loves it.  He has not had any problems with it yet. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife to use with her laptop (Macbook Pro 13). The product is great.  The speakers are strong.  Great sound for such a small package.  Love the sound quality.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it was cheaper than my Canon camera.  I'm very pleased with it.  The photos are sharp and the picture quality is better than my C60.  My only negative review is that it has only 1 USB port.  Other than that, it's a good product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the product, but wish it had a larger battery capacity.  I am using it for an HP ink cartridge printer and it can run for about 8 hours of print time, or about 4 hours per charge.  The product also has an on-demand power management feature, so it's not needed when I'm not printing a paper. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was not able to get it to fit my ipod so i ordered another one.  The pictures are great!  The speakers are small but very well made.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's birthday and it was a perfect buy.  It is a great product.  We are very happy with it.  I will definetely buy from them again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod shuffle is just what I needed, and is more than what I paid for the Sony MP3 player.  It's faster and has more storage.  I don't need to plug it into the TV anymore.  The headphones are also good, but a little uncomfortable for me to use, so I use them on the couch.  Overall I'm very happy with this product.  My only problem with it is the volume.  But it is a minor annoyance when you are on the go.  Other than that, I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I needed. I like it a lot, it is easy to hook up to my ipod and has the sound of a cd player. I am using it with the mp3 player and my car radio.  I'm sure this product will last for a long time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was exactly what I needed. I had an older iPod that I kept as a backup, and wanted a new one to use for work. This worked out perfectly. I would buy it again in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are nice speakers. The only problem I had with them was they broke.  The hinge broke and I had to buy new ones.  I've now got 4 speakers and they all work perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is a steal! The mouse is very compact and well suited for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I needed.  I was so happy that I bought it because the previous item I purchased for my ipod had a major problem and couldnt play any songs anymore.  It also had an annoying habit of popping out of the speakers while I was listening.  The ipod is an excellent product.  You can use your iPod anywhere in your house and have it charge in your pocket or car.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The sound quality is great and it's very compact for its size 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an easy and inexpensive way to add an ipod/cassette player to your vehicle.  You can take it apart to use it as a portable player and the included antenna is well made.  I was very pleased with the ease of installation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my son's birthday.  The only complaint I have is the sound is not as loud as my previous Sony earbuds.  However, for the price, I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is easy to use and has a great sound.  The only drawback is the need to use a different power supply, as this unit has an internal power supply. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought 2 of these for my daughters wedding gifts and they work perfectly.  I will purchase again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an extra drive to use as an extra laptop drive.  I have the HP Deskjet 800 with an internal 500MB/500GB drive. The 250MB drive that I am using is just a bonus.  The hard drive that comes with this printer works as expected.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just wanted to have a remote that I could use on my ipod so I bought this. It is a great buy for what it is. It allows me to use my ipods and phone without taking my eyes off the screen. The only problem is that the ipod only has two buttons and it does not work if you try to use both at the same time. If you have to use the buttons in pairs you have a better chance of making the right button work for you than you would with the mouse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are really nice headphones. I would definitely recommend them. I have been looking for a better sound than my pair of earbuds.  I would say they're about as good as anything out there.  The only downside I can think of is they're a bit bulky.  But for $40, I think it's worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The ear buds are comfortable and look great.  If you have any problems, just give them a little bit of time to get to know your ears, they will become more comfortable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon PIXMA 24 and have been having problems with my Canon C300 which does not have an AUX input. I have bought this card to fix the problem. It is a great product and I am very happy with the product.  The sound quality is better than my Canon and it has lots of features that will make my workstation better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is easy to set up and it is the best antenna I've ever used. I also like the fact that it is compact and lightweight.  It's a great antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's birthday and she loves it.  She is very happy with it.I was not sure what to expect, but it has been a real pleasure to use.  The picture is great and the wireless reception is very good.  It is very fast and I can't complain 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a small mp3 player that would hold my ipod and my ipods and ipods plus a cord to keep them in place. I got the 2 player player mp3 for my birthday.  It holds all my ipodes with their cords and is great for storing my ipds and ipodplus and ipodes in the car. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards work well.  I'm an amazon customer and Amazon does a good job in getting them shipped in a timely manner.  The only problem I have is that it is a bit finicky on its own to put the card into the correct position, i.e. the card gets stuck and won't come out unless I do it manually.  If you like to do that, you might consider the more expensive models that come with the rubber feet that allow you to push the card up against the front of the case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony earbuds are the best earbud for your money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good performance.  Just use the instructions to keep your battery charge, and your phone is always ready to go 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I have a Canon camera and it is a pain to get the power off, get it back on and have it back in the car for a full charge.  So I bought this and it worked so well.  I would recommend it to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great deal. The only complaint I have is that it lacks the ability to record a 2 channel DVD at the same time, which I use to play my DVD collection.  This is a feature that is included with the Panasonic DVD player but not the Sony player.  The other complaint I had was that it doesn't have a memory card reader, which is required to use the DVD player to record.  For $60 I think it's a great deal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal for a good sound system. The only drawback is the price tag. However, I am satisfied with the sound quality, and have found the volume to be excellent. The speaker is easy to connect, and I am able to have all of my music and movies on it at the same time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, works great.  Very quick and works well.  Don't know if this is a Canon product, but it works like it.  Wish they had a bigger size, but this works great for my Sony NEX-C1, so it's ok 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound, but I wish there was more options to choose from. The only thing I really needed was the remote control. If you have an iPod, this is great.  However, if you have another type of iPod, you may want to consider the Moga MP3 Player. It offers great sound quality and great volume for your iPod. The sound quality is quite good but the remote is more comfortable to use. The controls are simple and easy to use and the included headphones are a great buy! You can't go wrong with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my iPod, it's a great product for it's price.  It's easy to install, easy to use, has a great sound quality.  I'm very satisfied with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item to help me record my home movies and also to protect the DVD. I have had it for over a month now and it is working great.  I can now use the DVD player to watch my favorite DVDs without having to worry about it burning my computer.I am pleased with the product and the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an excellent product for the price.  Great picture.  Good sound.  Just be sure you buy a good TV, you won't regret it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a long time-line of DVI monitors.  I wanted to get one that would do both 4K and HD.  The best one I've seen was the S2350.  This one was about $200 cheaper.  If you're looking to upgrade to a new 4K TV you will save $60.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works great, just wish it was a little easier to find where to plug in and it's not so much of a hassle to plug it in.  Wish I had purchased the larger version, I would have saved $100 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for a compact DVD player for a long time. I finally purchased this one to replace my old Sony model. I love it.  It is smaller and the sound is better than my old model.  I recommend this player to all my friends and they all agree 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought the mouse as an upgrade to my Logitech mouse. I use it almost everyday on all my gaming and work activities. The software is simple to use and I have no complaints. It is very comfortable to hold, has a very small footprint and is very sturdy. I would buy this product again if I needed it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had an HP Laser printer that I never liked because it required a battery to power it. I tried several options, but the HP battery that I purchased did not have any special power connector. I was also concerned because I needed to use it for longer periods of time.  So I decided to purchase this item since it was made for HP printers.  The HP cartridge I purchased is the most powerful HP cartridge available for the printer.  I also purchased an HP cartridge that is designed for Canon printers.It worked great!  The ink is very nice and has a strong yellow color.  It's a little more work to print the picture, but it is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice case.  I use it to carry my iPod and keep it organized.  It also holds my iPod, charger, and extra batteries.  The only drawback is that the sides of the case don't open all the way.  If you want to get something that holds it all the time, then this is a great case. I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product. Very comfortable for my hands, and they hold a little better than my iPod touch, which is my regular player.  Also, if you are buying a new iPod touch right now, this is a great deal, compared to other stores that have no batteries for their iPods.  If you like the iPod touch but want a larger one, this might be a good deal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing I dislike is the case, but that is not a problem because the speakers are awesome! I use it for my ipod shuffle and ipod earphones. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price, looks nice and easy to use.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a power pack for my laptop. I've never had any problem with my batteries, but I needed something that would last me through the day and also protect the battery if I ever wanted to take it with me on the road. This product was the best price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is great.  It's the best antenna I've had, and it was shipped quickly.  Thanks 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works great.  It is a little pricey for the product but it is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this antenna.  I have not seen any other antenna that is as good as this.  The sound is excellent.  It is easy to use and I love the fact that I can tune my station to anywhere in the FM band from 30-70.  This is a great buy for anyone who needs an FM antenna. I would suggest this antenna to anyone who wants a cheap FM antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent buy for a few reasons.  First, it's compact and has an optical port to use your camera with.  Secondly, it does have an on-board sound generator that allows you to plug in headphones to use the mic.  Third, it has a nice rubber-covered grip that gives it a nice feel.  All in all, this product does exactly what it's supposed to do.  I haven't had any problems using it yet, but if you're like me and have problems with older products, I suggest checking out the product page for other models that might fit your needs better.  The software (Windows XP) is great for transferring pictures and is more intuitive than other products I've tried 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product a lot.  I don't like the wireless radio, so I purchased the Bluetooth version.  The sound is great, the pictures are clear and the radio is comfortable to use.  All in all I'm very pleased with the product.  It is a little heavy and bulky, but it does the job for my wife 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this cable for my home theater. I have a Sony DVD player with a built-in optical cable which does not support the optical digital connection. I was looking for something more robust to support the DVI connection on the player. This cable worked out perfectly for my needs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best battery I've had so far, for the money.  The batteries are very sturdy, and hold a lot of charge.  I've never had a battery failure, and they don't even get warm when it's sitting around the house for a long period of time.  A small downside to the batteries is that the power adapter can't hold all of the batteries at once.   I use it for my iPod, and then put it back into my car to charge it when I'm away from home.  It's a small annoyance, but I've found the iPod adapters work great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and it's been a great purchase. It has great picture quality, is a lot cheaper than the other ones I've bought, and is easy to use.  I am using it as my primary camcorder for my son.  The only negative review I have about this is that the buttons are a little too small to use at first. But that's not a problem for the rest of the product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because of the price.  It is great, very easy to use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice case but the price is so reasonable that you really don't need to buy anything else.  It fits my MacBook Air perfectly.  The only reason I bought it was because it had the right sized case.  There is one spot where I think the case might not be quite as snug as I like.  I'll see if I can fix it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this mouse is the best I have had for my PC.  i have the black one and it is great.  I can type at a distance with my eyes almost right in front of my monitor.  it has great accuracy for the most part.  The only problem I had with it is that I wish the mouse had a little more sensitivity.  but for the price I am not complaining. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product. It does what I want and is very small and portable. I like it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace my previous radio.  It was exactly as described.  You can tell a lot of difference from the old one to this one.  The only downside is the inability to tune and record the radio station that I'm listening to.  If you're a long time FM listener you might want to consider getting an AM radio instead 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this mouse for my wife. It is an excellent product for her.  I would buy it again in a heartbeat. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  I use it for my ipod, my cell phone, and my MP3 player.  It does a great job on both 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm in the process of getting new printers to replace an aging, used Canon inkjet.  The HP HP is a great inkjet printer and it has great features.  It is faster to print with and it is more printer friendly.  Plus it is an excellent electronic device for my family 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine, i haven't had any problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife's birthday because it was a gift from her.  It worked fine for her.My wife also bought a Toshiba product a few months ago for a wedding gift.  I've had no problems with either.I am very satisfied with the product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio has a decent range and a good sound.  I'm sure it would get better with more memory, but for the price I can't complain 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was exactly what I wanted and more. I had an earlier one and now I'm a happy camper. I wish I had bought this before they were gone! It is very solid.  The only problem is the remote.  I was trying to find something better so I can use my TV remote to do the actual recording and it didn't work.  It's a simple wireless remote so I don't expect the user to have any problem but it's hard to find anything better than this for a small camcorder. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item works well.  I was surprised that the item had not arrived at my door already, since I had ordered it in December.  It is well made, easy to use and it does the job for my iPod and I am very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I needed.  It is small and sturdy and fits perfectly in my purse.  The price is reasonable for what you get.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very well built. Good sound, very compact and easy to use. Easy to get to. Great product for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a portable MP3 player to use in the car while I was driving.  I didn't want to carry around my mp3 player, mp3's and batteries in the glove compartment.  The mp3 works great, but it was a little slow to load my favorite songs.  After I found this player, I decided to use it instead of carrying my mp1.  It is a great deal cheaper than the mp1, and it is a lot faster 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an mp3 player for my office and this one was the only one that I could afford. I use it for all my other mp3 players in the office and have no complaints. I would buy this one again in a heartbeat 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the money.  I use the wireless antenna with an Apple TV, and it works like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great deal.  Just a few things to mention.  The software is easy to use and works fine.  I recommend this product for anyone who wants a small computer with lots of room to expand and has no problems with the drivers and hardware. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works for both my Sony PDP-500 and Panasonic JX1.  I'm very happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good buy.  I have it in the basement of my house.  No problem with the speakers, just the volume is a little too loud.  The speakers can be easily turned down or muted by turning the volume control down a little.  They're loud enough for my kids, I guess.  My wife and I both really like the speakers.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this mouse because I have a Macbook which is really small.  The mouse is super small, but the design is great.  I can't believe that I bought a mouse that is smaller than my laptop, but it is.  If you're looking for a mouse with a small footprint, look no further than this mouse.  It has plenty of buttons to navigate the menus, but doesn't have a scroll wheel.  Overall, it is a great mouse, it does everything I want it to do.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this because I wanted to use the DVD burner with my Canon PowerShot C300.  The DVD burner is a little bulky, but it does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a HP printer for quite a while now and it still looks new.  The printer is compact and easy to use and is well priced.  I would buy another HP if I could. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does a great job for the price. It is great for a little more space and can be mounted on a desk.  It is really nice that it comes with a USB to power on.  I have yet to have any problem with it at all 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been a fan of Sony products for many years.  This is the only thing that has given me the pleasure of using an external CD player.  If I have to do without, this is the best I have ever found.  The sound is crisp and clear.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for an external cd player.The only problem is that it is quite heavy (it is heavy enough to carry around) and is not quite as small as I would like. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice looking speakers, very well made and they fit my car perfectly.  Great sound quality and very small.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this as a replacement for my old DVD player.  This player is a great electronic device, the sound quality is great.  The only problem is that it is a little bulky, which makes it a little hard to use with your other media devices, such as CD players or DVD players 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this a while back and it's been great.  The only thing I didn't like was that the batteries last forever.  I had my battery pack for almost 2 months before I had to replace it.  If you like your batteries to last for a long time you should get this 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great with my iPod and works great with Windows Media Center. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife who has a Macbook Air. She was very happy with it. It has a nice looking case, and the speakers are very nice.  It's a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for something that would allow me to have an iPod without a case, and at the same time be able to record to it. I found this at the lowest price I could find.  It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to hook up my home theater system. It works fine.  It is well built and sturdy.  The sound quality is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am extremely pleased with the sound quality of this product.  It is exactly what I expected and it is more than I could have expected.  I will be buying another set for my husband and I to use on vacation.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my daughter. She uses it to listen to the radio and it works like a charm. She is a little nervous about using the remote and it is very easy to use.The sound is great. I wish it came with the radio tuner but it does. I would buy it again for my husband. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was great, the sound is great, and the performance is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an electronic device junkie.  This case was an easy purchase and the quality is great.  It is also water resistant.  I've had my case for over a month and it hasn't had a problem.  No scratches, no dents.  Overall a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product does its job, is very nice and light weight.  if you like to listen to mp3, this is the radio you want.  i also like the fact that it is battery operated.  it will last for years 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my husband. He is an avid tech.  He is able to use it to listen to mp3's.  The sound quality is excellent.  We both enjoy the fact that it does not require a power cord.  I would definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product.  I am not sure what the other reviews were talking about with their power supply.  It is very quiet.  There is a little noise from the CD player and speakers but not much.  The only negative review I have about this product is that the power supply is a tad more expensive than I paid for the unit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best player for the money. It sounds great, it's compact, and it's easy to use.  I use it all the time, and don't have to pay for batteries or power.  It has a great sound quality, is small, and has a good sound.  The only problem is that it does not come with any sort of mic, but that's easily solved with the included clip.  Overall a great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card is great.  The speed is great and the capacity is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great buy, the sound quality is better than the average cable, the price is right and the installation was easy.  I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product arrived in excellent condition and works fine with my Macbook Pro.  The only problem was the "no sound" message from my Mac when connecting.  I have since upgraded to the newest version of Firewire (X11) and have not had any problems with the product.  Thanks to the generous help of Amazon and the support of a good friend, I was able to return the product with no hassle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm.  You can use the same cd player and player for your car, your house, and your stereo.  It's a little more expensive than some of the others, but it's worth it for the added convenience.  We've had it for about a month now and have not had any problems.  If you don't want to spend that much, I suggest this model.  Overall, it is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is very easy to install and has great sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case has a nice look, is made of nice material and is very sturdy.  It allows me to take the keyboard and use it comfortably in the car.  The only drawback is the size.  I would not consider buying another one of these if it were not so nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great item.  It's compact, sturdy, easy to carry around, and very easy to use.  I had my new iPod shuffle for a week and it works just like new.  There are some minor annoyances that I can't quite figure out, but I don't really care.  Overall, it's a great deal, and I'd buy it again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound I've ever had. I bought it to replace my old speakers. The sound is better, the color is more vibrant and the clarity is more crisp. The only problem I have is that it's so small that it makes the speakers on my car a little too small, but not enough to worry about. I'd recommend getting a bigger one with better sound, but at a decent price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my Samsung CDJ-1000 for a couple of weeks now, and the sound is amazing.  I have the radio turned up high, and I've been listening to music, while I do other things on the floor.  The only problem is that the radio is so small that it can be a little awkward to use if you have small hands 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The first time I tried to use it was a little bit tricky but it did work and it was more than just a big leap forward. I like the idea of the remote. I don't like the fact that I have to buy batteries. I also like the ability to use the mouse or my remote on the TV. The only negative I have is that it is not as easy to navigate around the menus as the old remote. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my daughter's CD player.  It works great!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a good product, but its size is kinda a little bit small for my taste.  But its price is not a bad one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second time I've bought a Sony product that was defective. The first time, it worked fine for a year and then stopped functioning. This time, Sony sent me an RMA item for a replacement. The item arrived in about 6 days and it worked perfectly. This product is a good buy. It's just a shame that the replacement was defective 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was delivered quickly and was exactly what I expected.  It is a great electronic device.  Thanks to Amazon for the speedy delivery 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It does exactly what I need.  Great product, but if you're looking for something that has a higher capacity, check out the Lexar 16GB SD Memory Card.  They're about the same price but have a much larger capacity.  I'm very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. I would recomend them for any electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a digital device that could handle my high definition CD player, and this does the job.  I am a very satisfied customer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this sound card in my Mac mini and have never had any problems with it.  I like the fact that it is built in to my Mac, so I don't have to carry around a ton of different cables.  It is a little louder than I like at the same volume level, but I haven't had any issues with that.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with this card.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon PowerShot D5200 and it is a great camera for a very low cost.  It is a little bit heavy, but it is nice and is great for the price.  I'm very satisfied with this camera and would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received my new DVD player, and it is awesome.  I have used all of my DVDs on it, and I'm very pleased.  It has a very nice sound, and a very small footprint.  This is a great buy for the money.  The only drawback is that the remote is a little stiff to use.  If you want a remote that is a lot easier to use, then buy a Panasonic one. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my wife.  She loves them.  It is a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have always had a Nikon camera with an internal hard drive but have always wanted a larger one. The Olympus is a great option as it is much cheaper and more compact than my other cameras. I will definitely buy another Olympus as my main camera. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have to go back and forth between my DVD player and my CD player to get them to play. This player is so much easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little phone. I use it mostly for answering and recording my dog's barking.  No problem with the antenna - great reception 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product to replace my old VHS recorder and am very pleased with it.  It is super easy to use and has a great sound quality.  You can record videos or pictures with it, which is great!  It also has a built in digital TV tuner which is a great feature for recording and watching the TV with.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works with both Mac OSX and Windows and works with my DVD burner to make a dual boot system.  You'll need to download the latest drivers from Apple's website.  If you want to use a different DVD burner than the one included with your Mac, it's a bit more work to set it up.  I just use it as an add-on card to my Mac. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this battery because it's a little smaller than the competitors, so I can fit my i mp3 player in it.  The only drawback is the fact that I need to remove it every once in a while for cleaning.  It's not as heavy as the others I've tried.  If you don't mind cleaning your player every once or twice a year, I'd buy this battery 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a very nice product for the price.  I would buy again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod shuffle is a great buy, you can't beat the price and the sound quality is great!  You will not regret purchasing this iPod shuffle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife because it was cheaper than my other brands.  I was surprised at the quality of this product.  It has plenty of storage, is small, and the price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife for her iPod. She loves it. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a new fan of HDTVs.  The picture quality is fantastic.  Great picture, great sound.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  I would buy again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  It allows me to transfer all my files to and from my laptop.  I have to be sure that I have all my software installed and working.  The only negative is the price.  In the beginning, I was quoted a little over $80 for the unit.  Today, I have a full sized HP Pavilion laptop that is still under warranty.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this antenna.  It has all the different modes to choose from.  Also, it is small and can fit in your hand.  I wish it had a little more range than I have had.  But it does do a great job.  The only thing I would change is the size of the antenna itself.  If you are looking for a big antenna that can also be used in your car, this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player is compact and works well. I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great electronic device, i have no problems with it, it's just the picture quality that's not as good as my HP laptop.  I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works fine.  I am using it to keep my ipod cool, but also use it to watch movies.  It is also great for recording.  The only negative review I have about the product is that the battery life is only a few hours.  But it's not a deal breaker.  Don't waste your money on something that only has a few hundred dollars in batteries, if that.  If you plan to use the product for a long time, I would buy a bigger battery. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It does its job.  I have an HP Pavilion notebook and I like the idea of having both notebooks using the same mouse.  This mouse is very comfortable to use and it does the job well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. It does what I need and works great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are very comfortable.  My only complaint is that the cups don't stay in place, but I'll try to adjust that a bit.  These are great headphones!  I've had them for a few months now and am very pleased with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These batteries are the best around for those who have a compact MP3 player or CD player. I have a Sony Walkman CD player, so I needed something to carry my MP3s and spare batteries and they fit the bill perfectly.  It's the best way I've found to keep my batteries charged.  I have been very happy with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the sony DVD-VUE with my Sennheiser HDX1 headset. I've never had any problems with it. I also use it with my Panasonic AG-DV700X DVD player, which is powered by the DVD player. I have had no problems with both DVD players, the power supply, and the DVD players' DVD burner. The DVD player also makes it a breeze to transfer discs between player and player's internal hard drive.The Sony DVD player's software is really easy to use. It has many options, but the best ones are the ones that come pre-installed on the DVD burner software. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  Good value for the money.  You will not regret purchasing this item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great sound system.  The only problem is that it doesn't come with the mic that is necessary to use the remote.  If you want to use it, get a different remote from Amazon, and buy a Micca M-102A 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works exactly as it was advertised, however, the case can be a little small, if you have small hands.  I would recommend a slightly larger case if you want a bigger sound from your mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price.  Great price too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my 1st generation Panasonic CD player for a year.  The 2nd generation is very good, but I would have preferred a bigger LCD.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great deal for the price and quality. It does exactly what I wanted.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very good product.  I was looking for a wireless mouse with a better range, but also lower price, so this was the best choice.  The price was right, and the wireless range is excellent.  My kids like the mouse.  Great product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am so pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just want to say I have bought these cables in the past and they were great.  The sound is great, and they are compact!  The only problem I had was the fact that they do not have any extra cable included in the package.  I didn't want to buy extra because I thought the product would be too much, but now I think they were right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has performed as expected. I was able to hook up all my printers with no problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, very fast and great sound.  I love the product, so I bought a 2GB memory stick to keep all my games and programs running.  Very easy to use and the case itself is very nice.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price.  I like the ability to take pictures without changing the batteries, and I have had no problems with any of my other cameras 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is right for the item.  Works fine.  Very small for a PCMCIA card and easy to use.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product. I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's the perfect electronic device.  I have a Sony laptop that I use to watch movies.  The only problem I had is the battery power.  Now it lasts almost 2 hours.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this was exactly what i needed. the picture is sharp and clear. it has a great feature to play it on the ipod 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my brother in law's laptop, and he has been using it all week without any problems. I have used it with his iPod, too. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound quality, the look, and the price.  It has my headphones wired and the case is very comfortable and the headphones have plenty of room to fit my ears.  I would definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my wife, and she is very pleased with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic, and has a very sleek look.  I am very pleased with it.  It has a lot of room for my ipod, which I need for my job.  Also it is very convenient and easy to use.  The only negative review I have to a good device is that it does not come with a power cable, which is a must for the iPOD. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought the item as I needed to record my son's piano at home.  Great price.  Works like a charm.  Can record almost anything.  Need to buy a higher quality recorder.  It is not a fluke.  I wish I had bought this before they went out of stock 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  It has great sound, is a lot cheaper than the others I had, and it works like a charm!  The only drawback is that it is slightly louder than my old earbud, which was already a good fit.  But it's great for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received it and installed it.  It works fine with my Mac and the included software.  If you plan on buying a newer Mac, you will want to consider the HP TouchPad which is just as easy to use and has a much higher resolution.  HP offers a great product for the price and the product support is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works like a charm, and is compact and stylish.  I would highly recommend this product for any type of electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using the Panasonic DVD-A for many years now. I recently bought a new Sony player and I wanted to use my Panasonic player in my new player. I have used the Panasonic in both the old Sony player (no longer in service) and the new Sony. The Sony player was able to play all the DVDs that I have in my player and it also has the option to play the movies that I am currently watching 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice looking product for your computer. It has all the features you want, is easy to use, and has plenty of room to install additional software, games, and other goodies on the back. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my brother for his birthday, and we both love them!  The speakers work very well, especially for the small size.  The sound is clear and crisp, and the sound quality is superb 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  My car has a CD player that could use some extra power.  I purchased the 12" and it worked fine.  The only problem is that when you plug it in, it will not work until it's plugged in fully.  You must plug in the power to fully turn the CD player on.  If you want to listen to music while driving, I highly recommend getting this product.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an easier way to store my mp3 player and I was not dissapointed with the product.  The player is easy to load and holds all the MP3 files that I have and the sound quality is quite good.  I have had it for over a year now and it is still going strong 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to use with a HP printer that requires a separate power supply for the printer. I have had no problems with the printer, printing a very nice photo. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to use Sony mp3 player and then upgraded to this mp3 card. I was amazed that the performance of this card is so much better than my old mp3 players.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great!  It is just what I needed for my wireless device.  The antenna is adjustable and can be angled to any direction 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to use my iPod for the car stereo in the past, and I wanted something that would protect the iPod in the car while I drive.  I wanted the ability to use the iPod while the car is running.  You will not be disappointed with this product.  The speakers in this product do not block the iPod, and the sound quality is great.  These speakers are also great for the price.  If you want a good stereo, this is a great option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this for my home entertainment system and its great.  I only wish it came with a DVD player, because the player is so small, I can't watch it.  It also has an IR blaster that allows me to play DVDs that are in my room and not on the wall-top.  The only problem is that it is not as loud as I would like, but not loud enough to bother me when I'm playing a DVD that is loud.  So I am looking to buy another player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV has a nice look.  The sound is ok.  It's a little louder than the stock receiver, but it's not too loud 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a small mp3 player with an external speaker and wanted something that would fit my home theater setup. The iPod nano was too big for my room but the iPod shuffle is perfect for it. The player is very easy to use and the MP3 player is great. I would buy the player again and recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for a low price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great, not only do they protect my cd player but they also keep the plastic from getting scratched.  I've had my mp3 player for a few months now and have not had any problems.  Great product, keep it nice, no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to be used with the HP ElitePad and am satisfied.  The case is very well made and is very sturdy.  There are a few small parts that I would like to see changed.  I would suggest a small clip to attach it to the back of the keyboard instead of the one that is included.  Also, I would prefer a rubber strap to hold the keyboard in place and prevent it from sliding around.  Overall, this case is a great buy.  It is a bit pricey, but for the price I will buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and it does exactly what it is supposed to do.  I have an HP Pavilion 15" iMac with an HP printer, but it was a pain to get it out of the case to scan and print images.  This case has plenty of room for a spare piece of paper and is a definite plus.  Highly recommend 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The first thing I did was replace the CD player, because the CD's are now bigger.  Also the sound is better, and the sound quality is excellent.  Very nice product.I am a music lover so I have to have a DVD player to be able to listen to my DVDs.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking to get a DVD Player and want to be 100% sure it is a DVD 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this item works great for my Mac.  I have a Mac G4 and I've never had any problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a heavy electronic device user and I have had to buy and use several adapters because of my iPod. I needed a solution to help me charge the iPod at night. The iPods are charged up very fast with this product. The only problem is that I have to plug it into the wall outlet for at least 20 minutes each night 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for an iPod. Good price.  Would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great!  The only downside is that it does not fit my Nikon D80.  The item was shipped very quickly and arrived at my house just as promised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These sound great.  They sound clear and with no problem.  You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was great.  The sound is nice.  I have my CD player in my kitchen and I needed to have something to put next to it.  This was the perfect fit.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is great, but I am having problems with it not being able to get the DVD drive in. I have not had any problems with any of my other cables. It was easy to set up and was easy for my wife to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds work perfectly for both listening and listening to music.  They can hold the volume of the CD while listening to the sound.  I would highly recommend these earbud's 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife.  It was just what she needed for a remote for her CD player.  The buttons are easy to use and she could play/pause/rewind all the way through.  I would definitely buy this item again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card for my son, he was having a lot of trouble with his camcorder recording, it is a Canon XA400 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my MP3 player and I love the sound.  I did not see the need to upgrade to a higher quality, it's great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are amazing! I bought them for my boyfriend, and he loves them.  The only reason I don't get the Black or the Silver ones is because of the fact that they look so much better with the black ones, but he says they're better! I would recommend these over the others, I love them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has performed wonderfully for my needs.  I am not going to buy another brand because this is just great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second Sony memory card that I have purchased and is just as good as my first Sony memory which I got when I had my first PlayStation.  Both have worked perfectly.  You can see a difference in the quality of the video and you can't really tell it is there until you start playing a DVD or video game.  It is a big difference from the old Sony memory that I used to have.  If you are looking to get a memory card for a new PS3 or PS4 then I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is well made and the product was just what I wanted. I was able to install the drivers and connect my DVD player to my new Mac. I love this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is well made and it works well.  The only negative thing is the lack of the remote control, so you will need to use the included remote for the TV remote to function.  If you do not need the remote, then the product is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony VAIO Q700 and it is great.  My wife is very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product. I am not a fan of Sony product but I'm sure you will be as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an AT&T customer for life and they're excellent.  I've had a Panasonic L-C1 and I wanted something that would work with the HP iSight and not be too bulky 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing. I have never had a problem with it and it has a very nice sound, however, I don't like the fact that it is not as sturdy as my previous one. It wobbles a little bit when I pick up it and I can see where it's coming from, but it doesn't affect the sound very much.  I bought it for my son and he loves it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have a Pioneer DVD player, and it worked fine for a while.  I upgraded to a Sony CD player, because I like to listen to CDs.  The Sony CD players are much better, with better sound and features.  For example, the Sony is able to play all of the DVDs I have.  It is also very easy to set up and use.  In fact, I am using it right now for my husband's birthday party.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is easy to use, has all the features that I need for my digital device, and it's not as bulky as my previous router.  I highly recommend this product for anyone who has a need for a router and doesn't want to deal with all of the extra pieces of equipment they have to take with them.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made.  I have used it several times without any problems.  The sound is good.  It is compact and it's light.  If you like compact MP3 player, this is the product for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this antenna is great for outdoor reception.  it has a great range, is small, and easy to carry around.  I used it to get my son in college and back to his apartment in 5 minutes 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse has worked well for my needs.  I'm an avid PC gamer, and this mouse allows me to click and scroll on the screen with my fingers.  The ergonomics are also very nice.  It is a joy to use.  You can see what you're doing on the mouse pad itself. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does what it's supposed to.  It is a little bulky, but it is perfect for my needs.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised.  I would buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna works well for my home-built home-computer and is just the right size to cover all the antenna's antenna channels.  It is a small antenna, but does the job.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product.  It was exactly what I needed.  No problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my daughter for her birthday and she loves them. They are very sturdy and well-made, but I did have a minor issue with one of them.  There is a slight crease in one of the rubber pads. I did not think this would be an issue because of the thickness of the pads, but it does bother me sometimes. It is a minor annoyance, but not something that I'd have to worry about unless I wanted to take a break from use of the system.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the purchase.  I would purchase again for any other electronics 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a new Dell P6 with an iLok wireless mouse and I love it.  It's light weight, quick and can be used anywhere, but its big.  I used it to carry my ipod, my laptop, and my mp3 player.  The wireless is so nice and works so well, I've used it more than 50 times since I got it. The only thing I wish is it could be more compact and easier to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm so glad I purchased this.  I was very skeptical when I saw the price and was totally wrong.  The sound is absolutely fantastic!  The only downside is that it is quite big, so if you are like me and have small hands, it might be a little uncomfortable to hold.  Otherwise, it's a great value.  If you don't care about it being too big, then you can purchase something with a bigger, but more comfortable design 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is a huge improvement over the stock battery that was provided with the P10.  it is a very solid battery and has held a fair amount of charge with no problems.  the only negative review I have is that it is quite bulky, however, it is not as bulky as the original battery which was provided.  I would recommend purchasing the larger battery for the P9. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great!  Great price for the sound.  I was worried when the price was $99.95.  The price was so great I had to have a second one, just to have it in case I didn't like it.  My wife uses this for her car stereo and it is a great value.  It is great for a small car stereo. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my wife, who is very pleased with them.  I just wish I had bought them for myself.  The only negative I have is that they are not as wide as I expected.  In fact, they're closer to a little wider than they actually are.  Still, they do a great job of protecting the keyboard.  It's a great product for its price, I don't think I'd ever buy a different keyboard like this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card works perfectly for my Panasonic Microdrive.   I use the included software to create an ISO, which is burned to the card and used to copy my photos to my PC.  I also use the software to convert my RAW files to JPG format, which I can then upload to my social network account via FTP.  The memory card has no problem holding the original RAW files and I've had no problems with it so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mouse.  It has great touch sensitivity and is easy to use and holds a lot of speed.  The only drawback I can think of is the price.  I can't afford to have it broken, so it is very rare that I use it without one of the rubber grips. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a new CD player in my car.  I could listen to my new CD's and all I had to do was turn it on.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an amazing product.  It has a nice screen and sounds great!  I would definately buy this if I could find a better one at the same price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was really hoping for a good quality DVD player that could handle my collection of DVDs and DVDs-R's.  My other one was a Toshiba T2, but it would not play DVDs in my collection.  This player is much more compact and is very convenient.  I would definitely recommend this player to anyone looking for a compact DVD player.  It is a little slow when loading and playing DVDs, but is better than the previous player I had.  If you plan on adding DVD to your collection (or just want to watch a bunch of DVDs) this is a good player for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great buy for anyone who does not have an internal slot for an external memory card. The card is fast and allows me to record a lot of files without worrying about the slowdowns that occur when a lot is being recorded on a single card. I have never had any problems with my card in any other memory card slot and I've been using it for many years now.  I highly recommend this product to anyone looking for an inexpensive memory card for their video recording needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great.  I use it for everything and it is a great piece of kit.  The sound quality is great and the fact that it is wireless is a bonus.  It is a pleasure to use and it has no problem keeping in the same spot.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is very sturdy and works well.  You can't beat the price!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is easy to use and I can't believe how much I bought for it!  The sound quality is fantastic.  The remote has the option to save recordings.  I'm sure I will never have to use the buttons again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use my mouse at work and I don't want to take it out of my pocket. I bought this mouse with hopes that I would have no problems with the ergonomics and performance.  It is just what I expected.  Great price for a good mouse, but the mouse itself is pretty flimsy.  If you want a sturdy mouse, I would consider the Logitech G402 or the Microsoft Mouse Pro.  I haven't used any of these mice, but both of them will hold a charge well enough.  Overall a good purchase, but not worth the extra money for something as fragile as this mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son's birthday party and it was very easy to set up.  It is not that expensive, but it is very nice.  I would recommend this product to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great price for a quality product. It's fast and has great battery life, so I bought it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables to use in my new wireless receiver.  The quality is just as I expected, I haven't had any problems with them so far.  It is the same as the ones I was using before, no difference in the signal, sound quality or anything.  Thanks, Sony! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use as an external DVD player.  Works great!  I use it to watch DVDs while I'm at work.  Great sound quality, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a great deal and a little cheaper than I was looking at.  The price is unbeatable for what you get.  It's fast and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly what I was looking for.  It has everything I need for my new laptop.  The only thing I wish it had was an eject button.  I just wish I could get it so that I could just take it with me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only had this for a week and am very pleased with the performance.  I love the fact that I can plug my iPod into the TV for my radio or the sound system.  No more fumbling with the remote to find the volume.  It is so easy to use and the features are so nice that I am more than willing to pay the extra money.  The sound is crystal clear, and the remote is easy to operate 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound of the MP3 player and the ease of use.  The only problem I have is with the speakers.  I am using a Yamaha XM-HD50-V1 subwoofer, and I get a little bass, so I do have to turn up the volume 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna has a nice picture and reception and is reasonably priced for its performance.  I like the fact that the antenna has an internal antenna to help keep it from getting lost.  The antenna is not as powerful as some of the high end units, but is certainly not weak 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the case.  No frills, not that i needed anyway.  Great protection for the battery.  Only complaint is the price.  You can get better cases at walmart 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great for my Canon MP-500 camera.  I have used it with my Canon 7D, Canon 8D and Canon 10D.  The only problem I had with this product is that the remote is not as intuitive as the Canon PIXAR. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a remote for their camera. I purchased this product at Amazon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice product for my car.  I've had no problems with it.  It has great sound quality and its ability to use the CD player is great.  My only complaint is the fact that its not a lot of room to store your CDs.  The CD slot is small so it will take up less room in your glove box. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice. I use the iMac G4 to surf the web and do all of my photos and videos.  I just wish it was a little easier to set up.  It takes a few tries to get the settings right.  But once it's working, it works 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. Very easy to use and use. Great product, a bit pricey, but if you want to hook up an ipod and mp3 player all in one cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  I bought it because I wanted to record my ipod in my car, but didn't want to mess around with the cables that came with the unit.  It does work with the iDock software that I downloaded from here and I was able to get the video and photos to go to my car without having to buy a different camcorder.  The only thing I had a problem with was that when the mic is turned on, the volume is extremely low.  If I turn the mic off, the output goes up a lot.  Overall, I am very pleased with this product.The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's not as compact as some others I have, but it's an upgrade from my old camcorders that had crappy microphones.  Still, I wouldn't hesitate to buy another one like it if the quality is similar 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is amazing, and the only thing I wish it had is a longer battery life.  It's worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for an mp3 player with a small footprint, but also a compact, and this is it. I also like the fact that it is an MP3 player.  It is smaller than the iPod nano, and the case is just right.  I also wish it had an internal memory.  The controls are easy to use and the sound is great.  Thanks for a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card is a great addition to my laptop.  I have a 64MB and 128MB options so I am always on the lookout for a new memory card.  This one is a good price for memory, size, and speed.  Great for a portable machine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to use as a remote for my MP3 player. It was a little difficult to find the button for the back button. I found it on Amazon so I bought the same one. It worked fine, and I've used it to record the MP3 on my stereo for about 10 minutes so far. I have not yet used it for a digital camera, but it works well enough for that. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so happy when I found the HP ink in my local Staples.  It was only about $20 more than the competitor.  The only negative thing I have to say is the cartridges.  They are not as good as HP's cartridges. But overall I'm happy with this printer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna was a great buy.  It works well with my TV and has a big range.  The antenna itself is great but the antenna stand is a bit small.  We'll see how this antenna holds up over time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very sturdy case.  Will keep your mp3 player nice and organized.  Great sound for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was perfect.  The only thing I wish was the price was a little lower 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm.  Great sound quality.  Don't know how to review a electronic device...I have it installed and have it in my car, I just did not test it yet.  I will keep my fingers crossed that it lasts, and works properly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my laptop has an optical drive (DVD) and the optical drive would not hold the DVD in the back of my computer. I needed to transfer a large amount of files, which I could do on the fly with the help of my portable media player. This player worked perfectly. I was able to use it in airplane mode with no problems, and I did not have to wait for the transfer to complete. The player also has a CD player, which was a plus.  I have had no problems with it since. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this card in my Sony MDRX800, which has an integrated cd player.  The card has always worked well, even when running Linux and Windows XP, and it has always done so while connected to the DVD player via the optical media.  I don't need to change my DVD player settings or use the cd player any more to use this CD player.I would buy this again, especially if I needed a high-capacity card.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great with my iPod. It looks great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  It works well for both my kids and my husband.  One thing I would like to see is a wireless mouse.  But that is beyond the scope of this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my husband to have a portable DVD player that he could use while he was on the road.  We like the size and look of this product.  The only negative I have is that it has to be charged every few days.  If you don't charge it regularly, it will not work properly.  I would recommend this product for anyone who wants to use it while on the go or who is traveling. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the price.  Does what I need it to do.  Very nice product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card has a built in built in burner that heats up in about 1-2 minutes.  You can use it to record your favorite music or to backup your computer, then burn it to a CD to get the original.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device and it has saved us tons of money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Really nice to use with my ipod.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, works great.  I will be ordering another one soon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my iPod.  It does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I have 2 units that I use both for my TV and my mp3 player.  The one I use for the TV works great and the MP3 player is a little easier to use with a remote.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the remote.  It has all the functions of a standard DVD player, plus it has the extra buttons that I really appreciate.  I like being able to access the DVD player from anywhere.  You can use this remote with your cell phone.  My wife and I both love this DVD player.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for a digital device to connect to my ipod.  It is a bit noisy at first but it gets better.  The sound is great.  Very comfortable to use.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this card and it is well worth the money. The only problem is it does not fit my MacBook Air and the other macs. I got the replacement Mac Card which works fine. It is worth the $15 plus it is a great card for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great.  They are nice and lightweight and look nice.  I love the ability to use the included remote with the receiver.  Also great for when I am in the car and the radio is off or off the ignition is on.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sennheiser HOG earbuds are just as cool as the Sennhund ones but much cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love my camcorder, it's really fast and easy to use. The sound quality is great, and I love the included remote. The only problem I have is that I have to turn the sound down very often because the front speakers make a lot of noise when I'm talking. I also have to have my cam on the charger to charge it. That's a minor inconvenience, but it's a little annoying. The camera itself is well built, and the remote is really easy to operate. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got it today, and it has already made me more than $60.00. The only thing I wish it could do is hold more mp3s.  It's a great buy.  The only drawback is that the case is not as sturdy as the original.  I wish there was a little extra for protection 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my S6 for a couple of weeks now.  I've used all kinds of different cameras and it is still rock solid.  No complaints. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is clear, and the remote is easy to use.  It is also very sturdy.  I recommend this item for anyone looking for an easy to operate and comfortable wireless device for their home or office 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am new to computers. I had no problem setting this up, and it is now my go to printer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new favorite mp3 player. It is very well made and very portable.  I've used this for about 10 hours now and it has worked fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is a little bit louder than I expected and the price is quite good. I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a HP Pavilion, and I am very pleased with the new product.  I am using the DVD player with a VHS player, and both will work perfectly.  It is great that it has a DVD player built in!  Great value for the money.  The software is easy to use, and the sound is very clear.  There is no software to install, just install it and use it.  Highly recommended.  If you don't have an HP Pavilion and are looking for a player with this type of DVD player, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV has a nice picture.  The picture is sharper than some other brands I have seen on the market.  My only complaint is that the picture is not as crisp as some other brand LCDs.  It is just a matter of preference, and I've got it set up to my liking.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing.  My iPod has always played great, but it has gotten so much easier to use and I have been very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP HP Pavilion dv6000, which I used as a workstation for some 5 years.  The HP Pavilion is in excellent condition, but is now in need of a new power supply.  I bought this HP Pavilion power supply, which fits the HP Pavilion very nicely.  It is very quiet and provides plenty of power to the computer.  Installation was quite easy.  As an added bonus, I also received a free HP software package called HP Quick Assist, which is an easy-to-use software program for HP computers.  Great for troubleshooting and for troubleshoot of common problems with my HP computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great deal on this product.  We needed a case to protect the keyboard and mouse while we're away from home.  This case does a great job at providing protection and the mouse is a breeze to carry.  I recommend this product for any of your mouse purchases. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an older iMac with an LCD that has problems.  I needed a replacement because it is not easy to use and the software is not up to date with the latest OS.  This LCD is easy to assemble and works with my MacOSX 10.4 Lion (no CD player needed).  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice small little device. I love the features, and I just wish it would hold more data.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device. I've only had it for about 5 months and the pictures have come out great!  I'm using the Canon PowerShot G2 for a Canon camcorder and the included charger works very well!  It charges the camera in about 30 minutes and then you have a full battery ready to use.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does the job for the money.  The only complaint I have is that the earphones are a little small, but it isn't an issue for me because my ears are actually too small for them anyway 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I like the look of the case and the price is right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards are great.  I have had mine for over a year and the performance has been great.I use it mostly to capture video and then transfer it to my computer and use Adobe Creative Suite to edit.  The only problem I have with it is the drivers for Windows XP are very unstable and sometimes I will have to restart my computer.I recommend getting the newest drivers for your PC. I have not yet had an issue with the drivers on my new Dell Inspiron 755 Laptop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not sure what else to say, I've had the unit for about a month and it's doing just as advertised.  It's fast, has good battery life, and the speakers are clear.  If you want something a little cheaper than the HP, consider this one.  The only drawback is that it lacks the ability to store your media (for movies or photos) if it is placed on the desk or on the side table, but it works great for browsing the web or playing mp3s. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first electronic device and I really love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only problem I have with this is that it does not work on Windows XP. I was able to use it on Windows Vista though. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great price for a solid product and works great.  It is a little heavier than the Sony model but it is a bit more comfortable to hold and use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use to connect to my home network. I had problems with other brand of wireless router that I've used before, and this is really a great product.  I've connected to it twice without problems, and it is now my home wireless network.  It is very easy to use, and the setup is a breeze. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this card. I bought it for my daughter's birthday and it has been a perfect fit for her.  The color and resolution are great.  It also has a great price, considering it is a lot more expensive than the other brands of SD. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am not a huge fan of the "trick" of the ipod dock that makes the iPod look like it's on your computer.  So I was looking for a better way to access the iPod on my Mac.  This product did the job well.  The dock looks good, the ipods are easy to remove and the connection to the Mac is a breeze.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, good price and fast shipping 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very pleased with the product.  Easy to use and use.  I had no problem setting up and playing the discs.  Great price and great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these cables for my new HP workstation and they work just as they are supposed to.  I love these cables and use them all the time, in all sorts of situations.  They do an excellent job of providing easy access to the powerline and keeping your computer cool while you're on the road, or at home, using the workstation.  The only problem I had was that they're a bit pricey, but I think they're well worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my Canon PowerShot for almost 2 years and it has never failed.  It has never skipped a shot and I'm very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first time I bought an ipOD, so I didn't want to waste money on any other brand of drive, so i took a chance and got this.  I was pleased with the quality and ease of use of the product, as well as the fact that it was a complete replacement of my previous drive.  It is also a bit faster, although not by a huge amount 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this mouse at the suggestion of my friend who owns an HP Pavilion. I like the look of it and the price.  I use it for a few hours a day at work, and it has performed very well.  It's a pleasure to use and its compact size makes it easy to store and carry around.  The only downside is that it doesn't have any buttons, so it's difficult to navigate and fire/move the mouse.  But overall I love the mouse! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got these to replace the CD-Roms.  The sound is incredible and the picture quality is as well.  I will definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works very well, but the price is not worth it. I bought this because it is an inexpensive product and it works. I am sure I could get it to work with any printer that has an ink cartridge and ink. The only reason I didn't buy this is because of the paper cartridge and the fact that it is not compatible with the HP ink. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal. I have no problems at all with my CD player. I don't even have to keep the CD's in the case, just place them in the player and listen. The sound is clear, and the only complaint I have is the fact that there is no volume control.  I would recommend this product to anyone, if you have a spare CD player lying around and are looking for something that will keep it from breaking.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my aging Dell Inspiron 1000. I have it on a desk next to my laptop and use it all the time. The sound is great and the screen is clear and crisp. The only thing I would change is the DVD player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is really good. I'm not a big fan of cd's, so this product was a great choice.  I use it to listen to music, movies and the radio.  The speakers are nice.  Overall I'm very happy with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a portable mp3 player for the kids to listen to their favorite songs while I am away from home.  I got this MP3 player to play all of the songs I need on the road and also play all the music stored in my car stereo.  It is a lot cheaper than buying a used iPod player, and it is so easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great, the picture is very clear.  The only thing I'd like to see is an option for upscaling (to HD) in the menu.  I would have to look at the menu settings to determine how much to go. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was skeptical when I first saw the color options, but the color is awesome.  The sound is very good for the price.  I love the fact that I can use my TV speakers and have a big sound system!  I don't know how I lived without it before.  This product is an absolute steal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was able to use my ipod player with my mp3 player without any problems.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I used it to hook my ipod up to my mp3 player. It is very easy to hook up, the cables are long enough to hold everything.The only problem is that the only mp3 device I had that was compatible was the one that came with it. So if I ever bought another mp3 it would have to be the same one that I already had 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using this product for all my audio and DVD players.  I have no problems with this product, it works as it was advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to store and manage all my digital photos and music.  It has a great look and feel, it is well built and well protected, and the price is reasonable.  I would not hesitate to buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described.  It works exactly like the original but with added features that I use every day.  You do need to purchase a power cord, which is not included in the price, but is included in other products I purchase for my wife and I 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Easy installation and works like a charm.  If you have a portable DVD player, this is a great option.  Very easy to use and fits nicely in my bag.  I am very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these to replace my HP dv9 with the same brand and same specifications.  The product looks nice, works great and the wireless performance is better than the dv8 I had.  It is very easy to use and has the ability to stream video to your TV via the included antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price was reasonable and the sound was excellent.  The only thing that I would suggest is for someone with smaller speakers to get a larger speaker.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this battery for my Samsung I950 and it's more than enough.  It's been great, not to mention the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this mouse after having purchased the M65 and M65D. Both are excellent products, however the M95 is the best mouse for Windows 7.  I have had the mouse for several months now and have not had any problems.  This mouse has a small size but fits well.  The only complaint I have is that the left hand grip is not as comfortable as the right hand grip.  It is a small issue and it can be fixed if you do not use the grip on the left side of the mouse. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It does everything I need.  The picture is great and the price is right.  I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great card to have. I was thinking of buying a Kingston but decided to buy this instead 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the sound quality.  I like the fact that it is easier to carry around 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is the best value out there for the price.  It is a little slower than my old Canon 50MB card but the speed is still great and it does work on all Macs.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a better product to have in my car for use as a mp3 player and I've finally found it.  It's a great deal of fun to listen to songs and the sound is clear.  My car is a 2004 Nissan Altima.  I'm driving at 70 mph in 30 mph zone so I'm not sure what the max and minimum volume levels are, but I have no complaints. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is amazing! The only thing I had to do was to remove the batteries from the unit.  It was so easy and quick!  I would recommend this product for anyone who is looking for an easy to use printer for their home or office 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first "home" i.v. player. I wanted a player that could do all the things I wanted and didn't have to carry around my CD player anymore 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this item as a gift from my husband.  We are both on the road and do not have any printers to use at home.  So I needed a portable printer for the road.  This thing was great!  Great price, great print quality, easy to use, and prints great.  I would highly recommen 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great item for keeping the phone in the pocket.  It does not get hot so you can take it in the car to work.  The only problem I had with this was the battery.  I replaced the battery, it works like a charm.  You may not need it but if you like it, go ahead 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the product for a week now and I'm very happy with it.  I don't think I can go any further with it because it is so well designed.  You get so much more from the mouse than just a button.  The ergonomics are great.  It is very responsive, and the scroll wheel is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound. I used the headphones at a friend's house.  The speakers are a little too small for me.  But overall, it's a great electronic device.  I just wish the headphones had more bass. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has a small footprint and is the best memory card I've had for my laptop.  The card has room to store most of my music and movies.  Very nice product.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is good and the battery lasts a long time.  I like the fact that you can plug it in for long periods of time and the speakers won't burn out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've never owned a remote that can work with my TV, but this one is. I am now able to use it with all the apps on my Roku, my iPhone and on the TV itself!  I can even use it to control the car stereo through the TV. I'm extremely happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this cable to keep my PDA at a good distance from my TV and it was a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use in my Canon 50D (fujifilm) that I purchased for my wife.  It is a great product and will fit well in the Canon Canon bag.  I am very satisfied with this product.  The picture quality is superb.  However, if you want to do a lot of video, I would suggest the Olympus HAD II.  If you are in a pinch, you can get this for less than $100.00.  Great product.I also purchased the HP iJY2 Mini PowerPort that was a bit more expensive, but fits well into the Canon bag so that I didn't have to remove it to use the camera.  A lot better than the HP Mini PowerPORT though. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned these batteries for about 10 months now and have never had any problems with them.  They're definitely big, but I like the fact that I don't have to worry about dropping them and the fact I can swap them in and out as I'm needed.  The only drawback I can think of is that they don't hold as much charge as other brands, but that's not a big deal for an MP3 player anyway.  Overall, they're a great buy for anyone who needs batteries for their mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my husband, who is very picky when it comes to memory cards. He has a Panasonic DVD player that he uses and he likes to use it for storing pictures and videos and music and he uses SD cards for all of that. He also wanted to use this for his PC and he had some of the larger SD cards, so this would be an ideal solution.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It's small enough to fit in my car and works fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are a huge improvement over the standard ear buds out there.  It's comfortable to wear and they look really cool! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card is excellent!  I have been using it for over two years.  The only drawback is the small sticker on the back.  If you do not have a sticker, just make sure it is clean.  I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a very easy to use product, however the only downside is it only has a headphone jack and no microphone.  I have an HP Laptop that does not have a microphone, however, it does have the speakers on it.  So, I bought this adapter because it would allow me to plug my Laptop directly into the HP's internal speaker system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The printer worked fine for the first few prints. I used the standard ink cartridge for the rest.  It worked well for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device, the sound is great, the only thing that I would have done is buy this antenna, not having it is a lot better.  I have my iPod, and my wife and son listen to their mp3s and we all agree this antenna does an excellent job. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was an awesome price and is exactly what I needed.  It is easy to use and looks nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are really nice for the price.  I have only had them a couple days but so far they are working like a charm 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice.  I bought it because it is very inexpensive and I needed to protect my mp3 player.  It's worked great.  The only problem is that the battery doesn't hold a full charge for a long period of time.  You need to recharge the battery at least once a week 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this cable for my Sony VAIO VZ500.  It is not as long as the stock cable that came with it, but it is a lot stronger and has better conductivity.  I would recommend this cable to anyone looking for a longer, stronger connection to their stereo system 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal for the price.  I was hesitant when I first saw it because I had a Canon C300 camera with a 4GB card.  The C300 has a 4x optical zoom which gives a greater resolution, but at the cost of less storage.  With this card I am now able to use the camera and still have plenty of space.  It's a win-win.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have bought 2 of these, 2 are in my car, one is in my office and is always at work and the other one is at home.  Both work very well.  I use this in conjunction with an iPod touch 4g and I am pleased with the performance.  The volume control is a nice feature that is a little hard to use at first.  It is also a little cumbersome to get it in the correct position.  Just get it out of your way and use the buttons on the iPod.  A little easier to use when you are looking at the display 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter because it was cheaper than a second hand brand (she likes the look and the sound).  We both like the sound and the compactness.  It is well made.  I would buy this again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price.  You can't beat the sound quality, and it is easy to use.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was exactly what I wanted. It's not the best speaker at first but it's a great price for the money.  I've been using this in my car and it works great.  It is quieter than the previous speakers I had and it has more power.  This would be a great speaker for a small apartment or for a car to use for an extended time.  My only criticism is that it is a bit bulky.  Overall it was a great buy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received the unit. It has worked well with my Canon inkjet printer.  I am now printing photos in full color with no problems.  If you are looking for a reliable printer, this is a great product.  It has a great price.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used my DVD player for years, and it is great.  I just wanted a more compact player, and this is it.  The sound quality is excellent and the only negative I have is that I cannot see the player.  It is too big for my small hands, and is very comfortable to hold. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a Sony mouse that I couldn't find the drivers for (I had to use the built-in drivers). So I ordered this one from Amazon and it arrived quickly and without any problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've used several brands and the Sony is the best.  I don't have any complaints.  If you are looking for an inexpensive product, you'll definitely want to check out the Sony.  The sound is great.  It is a little slow, but not much.  Don't expect it to be super loud 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works just as advertised. I have a Toshiba Satellite GXE and it does work well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the ability to control it is great.  The only thing that I don't like is the lack of a mic. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great price for the size and the product itself.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cards work fine with my Dell E6515 laptop.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a great addition to my TV.  the picture is clear and sharp and the sound is fine.  I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this cable from Amazon and it is excellent!  I use it to listen to my DVD and the sound is incredible!  It is very sturdy and the only reason I don't give it five stars is because I wish Amazon would give me a bigger cable.  But overall this is a great buy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very happy with this product.  I just wish it came with the USB cable already in the box.  This product was exactly as advertised.  It does not need any extra batteries 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because I needed to use them for my ipod.  They are great!  They sound great.  The only problem is they do get a bit warm to the touch.  I put them in my car to cool them down 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is an awesome value and performs well. I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my daughter to use for a new camera. It has performed perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a perfect fit for my Panasonic GH5.  The only problem was the battery would die after a while and I had to restart the camera.  It's just a shame the batteries that come with it don't last forever 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The earbuds are great.  The sound is clear and the earbud covers your ears well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Very easy to use and plug and play.  Not to mention it works great with my ipod.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very satisfied with this product. It was easy to install and works perfectly. The only complaint I have is the lack of ports. It does have an Ethernet port, but it is not a standard RJ-11 port so you will need a switch to make the connection. The sound is fantastic and the ease of installation is a huge plus. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am using a Panasonic LP-X600E which I got at Amazon for $25.00.  I was very pleased with the sound quality, and it is very easy to use and set up.   I wish the receiver had an auxiliary input for my MP3 player which I used for listening to the radio in the car, but it does. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the idea of having the radio and mp3 player on the same piece of electronic device.  The only thing I was concerned about was the inability to switch the radio to my car's stereo.  It works.  I have no complaints.  My wife and I both use it, and it's great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something for my daughter to use her ipod without getting headaches. The iPod mini was very cheap. So I looked at this as an option. I like the fact that it has an air-bag.  I have the mini, and it is just as fast as the iPods that came with it.  It's a little less bulky. I love it. I would highly recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is just like the ipod but with a headphone jack!  I use my ipod most of the time on the plane.  I would have to return it if I did not have it with me! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device for my Sony PDA.  It is quiet and fast with all of the features I need.  Very easy to use, the buttons are easy to find and use.  The only problem is that it does not have a CD player, which is a feature that I would have liked.  I have the CD changer with a separate player that works great.  If you want a CD changers or mp3 player, I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for a small electronic device, it is very light and comfortable.  It is well made and is durable.  I would recomend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this printer is great!  i like the fact that it has an ink cartridge option that can be used with ink and water, and that it is small enough to be easily taken with me to the printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this player for about 4 months now.  It is a great product and the only one that I have been able to get the speakers to reproduce well.  I am very happy with the sound quality.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was an easy purchase, and has held up to my requirements.  I am very happy with the performance of the speakers, and I would recommend the product to anyone who wants a small stereo system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound, the remote is easy to use, and the battery is great.  I'm still trying to find the best case, and this is the only one that I've found that has all the features I need.  It has an IR sensor, so I can turn the TV on and off without the remote!  I just wish it was a little bit bigger, because it gets a little hot, but it's a minor annoyance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am in love with this radio.  The sound is clear and clear and the sound quality is amazing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this cable and it was exactly what I needed. I didn't even have to do any work to use it, it was just plug and play. It is really nice because it has the volume up front. I just put my headphones on and it immediately starts playing. It has a nice sound and it looks great. I would definitely buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just received my wireless antenna and I was surprised to find it to be as strong as it is.  It has a small footprint and is well worth the cost of the other antenna options I was looking at.  I will be ordering another one to replace this one for next year.  Great product, great value, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works like a charm.  The only problem I have is the buttons are hard to use in all directions, which is a minor inconvenience but I have no other problem with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly as described. I needed a way to hook my ipod up to my ipvanish. I bought this because the ipvane is made to plug into the wall.  This worked out perfectly. I love the look of this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife's computer which uses the ASUS C710 (the newer model, it is not the older model). This product was great and it came with a case to protect it. It is a lot cheaper than the ones I bought from Amazon (I bought it on Amazon for $25). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item works well with my laptop.  I've had problems with the previous item in the series and they are gone.  No problems with this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this with a Sony mp3 player to record a few of my friend's movies and I really liked it. I would recommend this for anyone who has a mp3 in their car to record and then use the recorder to view the movie afterwards.The only problem I have is that you can't adjust the recording angle. You have to turn the dial up or down. I also have an mp3 recorder in my car, so I would just use the mp3.The mp3 is a little bulky but it was just right for the purpose. I don't think I'll buy a bigger recorder, but I do wish Sony had included a small switch to turn off the recording. I wish it included an aux input because I could plug my mp3 into the car stereo and use it to play the recorded mp3s through my speakers!I'd definately buy another Sony mp 3 if I was looking for a small recorder. The only thing I wish they would do is add a few more buttons. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does exactly what I want it to do.  It is small and easy to use and holds all my cables securely.  If I need to replace the batteries I do it in no time.  I will buy again if needed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has a good design. The only downside is that the case is a little small, so you may need to buy a bigger case for your card. It's a good buy, as it gives you extra room to put the card in and it's not a lot heavier than some other cases. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using this antenna for 2 years.  The antenna is well worth the money, and works well.  My wife uses it for her home radio and it's always very good.  It's a great deal more compact than other models.  A plus for me is the ability to adjust the antenna angle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product.  It has everything you need for a basic set up.  You can even plug in your TV to the back of the machine to get rid of the wires.  The only thing I would suggest is to use the supplied power supply with a lower wattage than you would normally use.  I used 120VAC and it was fine.  But if you have an older appliance (like my wife's laptop) and it's running off 120Vac it might not work at all.  If you are on a low power system like mine I would recommend adding a battery to your power supply to make it last longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an avid Apple user and I am always looking for the best electronic device, and the HP Pavilion laptop fits the bill. I would not have bought this if it didn't come with an SD card slot, which I am very pleased with. I also love the ability to keep my MP3 player charged, which is an added bonus for my office work. The power supply is nice, but I find that the AC adapter is a little weak in terms of power delivery.  Overall, I am quite pleased with this product and will definitely purchase another HP product in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very clear and the price is great.  This is my first wireless device.  I really love the sound. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second pair of Canon eMILAN iPods. I bought this first to use as a portable MP3 player, and then later to use for music and video recording on the road.  The sound is excellent.  I would highly recommend buying this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card was an easy purchase.  It worked like a charm with the XP2.0 software.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, great sound. i also had the last one and the difference is noticeable.  If you want a small, compact speaker with lots of sound, this is a great option.  You can listen to music for hours with no problems.  My only complaint is that the wire is a little too short, so i wouldn't recommend it for anyone else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use to have to wait for it to come in the mail. This is great. I have a small office that has a lot of cables, this is perfect!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this for my wife's iPod Nano. It works great.  I have it connected to her stereo system and it's a snap to use.  The only thing I wish it could do is send out some sort of notification when the batteries go down.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very good.  I am very satisfied with this item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome sound card. I haven't had any problems with it, I just use it everyday. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and a nice upgrade to my existing CD player.  The only thing is that it is a little small for my taste, but its a minor price to pay for the sound quality.  It is a very nice upgrade from my old Sony player, which was a little loud.  I also use it for listening to the radio in my car, which is where the previous Sony CD player had an issue.  Now its a breeze to listen to the FM radio without it going into my speakers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected. Great sound, compact and easy to use. I've never had any trouble using this device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are nice but the sound is a little disappointing compared to the Sony headphones that I use.  But these earbuds are very comfortable and they fit my ears perfectly.  The price is right, too.  I'm a big fan of Sony products 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the money.  It is easy to plug in and use.  I was able to get my hands on it and it worked fine.  Also, I had no problems getting it up and running, even though it was a bit of a pain to get it to work.  The only problem I have is that it is very hard to plug your iPod into the TV.  If you want to use it with your iPod, you might want to get an adapter 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is a little more than I expected, but is still a great mouse.  I use it to navigate the web and type in documents at the same time, and I am very pleased with the results.  It is a great addition to my desk, and it's an excellent buy.  If you are looking for a mouse that can do all the things I do, this is the best choice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Very well designed, easy to use.  Great sound.  Love the price.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones sound fantastic!  I bought them because I wanted a better, less-louder pair of headphones.  The price is great, the sound is crisp and clear, and the sound quality is great.  You won't be disappointed if you purchase these headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was perfect.  I was not disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have an old cd player which had great sound but was very bulky. This one is very light and fits well in my hands.  The sound is better than I expected, and the remote works quite well.  My only complaint is that the CD player has a little plastic antenna which is a little hard to remove.  But I think the remote is pretty nice and works fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a power bank and I found this at the best price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are a great addition to my home theater system.  I would recommend them to anyone that wants to increase the sound level and use less power.  They are a bit bigger than I expected and not so loud.  The speakers are loud enough, and I can't hear the radio if it's on.  So if you like to listen to the radio, these would be a great option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon Rebel T2.2.4 with a Canon dock.  I needed a printer to print at the office without any problems.  This is a great product!  It is super easy to use and print photos without having to get it from home.  The software is user friendly and the print quality is really good!  My only complaint is that the cartridge that I use to print does not hold ink well.  You will have to get some ink from a good book if you want to be safe.  Overall I would buy again, and I will have a print from it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  The sound is clear and the case is comfortable.  I would recommend this product to anyone.  It's a lot cheaper than the other brands out there and I think it is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a big step up from my previous memory card.  I had to buy the "Pro" model because it was listed for $30 more.  It was a great price, although it was a little slow, and it was definitely worth it.  The memory card is much faster than the Kingston SSD I use for my PC.  If you are looking for a good memory card for your laptop, this card is the best choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is great. it was easy to assemble and works great.  it's easy to plug in, plug out and charge.  the only reason i bought this product was because i had the charger for my laptop that was made of this material. i will definitely purchase this item again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I had a Canon Rebel T4, which does not have a case, and it was a little uncomfortable in the car.  This case is a great buy for anyone who has the car, and not so much for anyone else.  I use it every day for work, but have just taken it out for a hike and it fits perfectly.  The only downside is the price, which is a little steep for what you get.  If you have a Canon T3, you can get the same case for half the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use in her Honda Odyssey and she has been very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product.  Good sound and price.  I will buy another one soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is easy to use and works fine with my Sennheiser headphones. I just wish the color was a little more uniform, but otherwise I think I am satisfied with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my Sony Vaio laptop to use in the car.  It is very fast and easy to use.  The included remote has excellent volume control options.  I would buy another Sony product for my car, but I'm not too fussy about the connections.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, i like it alot.  I am in my 30th year and still have room for a better product, this is great.  Thanks for making it and keep them coming 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great. I have had it for about 6 months now and it has never let me down.  It is an MP3 player, so it needs to be plugged into an FM station.  The speakers have a small sound, but it sounds clear and clear.  Great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a little pricy but it works and looks very nice.  I don't use the iPod charger all the time and when I do it's usually in the morning.  The iPod will charge while I'm sleeping or if I plug in the power cord to it.  It can hold a charge for up to 2 months, which is great if you don't have an iPod charger at home.  Also the charger works great with my iPhone and my ipod player.  This charger is great because it will keep your iPod running without having to worry about it dying on the spot 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my husband. It is a very nice product.  You will not have to worry about losing your battery and not being able to charge your cell phone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very good, but not as durable as the others i have had.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  You get great performance from it, very little power consumption.  A real plus for an LCD.  Good price.  We use it for both a phone and an ipod.  It works great for both.  Great value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is amazing! I have had it for 6 months now and I can't believe how much I can move with it.  It is the perfect mouse for me. I love it. I can turn it around with my thumb and feel the mouse at my backside.  I will buy another one soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works well and its an option for portable media. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well built and looks good.  The only negative thing is the lack of an option for memory.  I wish they had included an option so I could save and restore my photos and videos from an iPod with no memory.I will be ordering more of these for my other cameras and for the  iPod.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.  It works as expected.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Good price for such a good product.  I love the speakers.  Very well made, very comfortable to listen to.  Don't have to worry about being scratched on the exterior, and the built in mic works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables are very long but well worth it. The only drawback is that the connection is a little fatter than the others so I have to keep my hand on the remote when playing games (I play on my ipod). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has a built in fan which provides cooling and reduces noise.  It is a great addition for the price, especially since you can install it without a case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and it is perfect! I don't have to carry around my ipod all the time anymore and it just takes up space 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great electronic device for your money.  I just wish the battery was a little longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card was well worth the money and I have no complaints about it.  It works well with my HP EliteBook 8540c, and my other laptop that I use to play back mp3's and DVD's.  The only problem is the card does not have any built in fan to cool the power supply, which can be a problem when it is running at high speeds (see below).  I have not had any problem with it so far.  I do not have a problem with the product because I just want a better product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The first time I installed the receiver, it didn't work and I tried different drivers and it worked.  After a few weeks, it worked and I now have my entire collection of DVD and Blu-Ray movies in the smallest and quietest place I've ever had.  The sound quality is pretty good and the features are great.  It has the ability to hook up to a TV to get it to display DVDs and then use the receiver's volume to control the TV.  If you want to watch TV and your TV doesn't have a volume control, this is the best option.  I would definitely recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used to have a Samsung CD-RW player that was very loud.  It was very quiet now that I use it in the car.  The volume is great, and it's easy to connect to my MP3 player, which also sounds very good.  Overall, I am very pleased with this product.  I would definitely buy another item of this type in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a little pricy, but well worth the money. I use my Sony PDP-1000 to record my kids' TV program, and I'm always in the mood for something new.  The recorder was very easy to install and use.  It is also a breeze to use. I like the fact that I can record my favorite TV show using only my remote, and the sound quality is great.  My only suggestion is to not put the tape in the recorder when it is not in use, otherwise the recorders will not work.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using the ASUS N56v for a long time and I find it to be an excellent product.  My system is always up and running.  I am a big fan of the ASUS products and I will continue buying ASUS products in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I was looking for. It's easy to set up and use.  I have the TV and have the wireless mouse already set up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice little speakers.  Very quiet, very clear, and not too big.  I bought these because I had a big set of JBL and AM speakers and wanted something quieter to fill in the back.  The sound is great and I would recommend them for anyone looking for a smaller set of speakers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this cable and its works great.  Its a little short, but it has a great sound quality and its only 6 ft. so that isnt a problem.  I just wanted a longer connection for my sound system.  The price is great,  I cant find any better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great case.  There is room for everything and the bag it comes with is just enough for it.  It also has a small pocket for the battery and charger so you don't have to worry about having to carry it around.  I love the look and that it is a tad smaller than my old ones.  The only downside is that it does not protect the front panel, which is pretty weak for an iPad case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV works well and is comfortable.  I am not a big fan of the "back up" feature because it doesn't help protect the TV, and it would be great if you could just connect it to your car and it automatically turned on.  It also does an excellent job of dimming the TV if it is too bright.  The picture quality is great and it is well worth the price for its price.  If you have an older set, this is a great addition because you can now use it to watch your DVDs and use the DVD player on it!  I just wish it had a larger screen and the sound quality was better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was not able to get it to work properly with my new Panasonic DVD player, but it worked with my Canon EOS 1D.  This is an easy to use remote that does not require any software to operate.  It is also very light weight.  I highly recommend this remote for anyone who wants to have a remote that is easy to operate with a player that is small and lightweight 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great!  Very easy to set up and use.  Great sound and looks 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice phone!  The phone itself is solid and not very heavy.  The only drawback is the speaker, which is a bit weak but not so much that you really notice.  Overall a very good electronic item! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my wife and she loves them.  Great price and good performance 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and has great sound. I recommend the sound to anyone who is looking for a compact mp3 player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have bought these speakers for my wife and we have used them for both movies and home theater.  We have not had any problems with the speakers.  The sound is pretty clear and the surround sound is really nice.  I would definitely recommend these speakers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great.  My first iPod had a problem when it was plugged in to the wall, so I decided to buy an iPod docking station to keep it in working order.  The product works perfectly!  I use it for the radio, and it is a lot more comfortable to use than the earphones that came with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a nice little piece. I love it for the fact that it's small and doesn't take up much space.  It also has a nice rubber bumper on the back to protect the speakers when they get bumped around.  I've only used them for 2 days so far and haven't had any problems, however if you do have problems they are easy to fix 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, good sound quality and it works like a charm!  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for.  It has a nice sound and is easy to use.  I would highly recommend it for anyone who is looking for a remote that can hook up to all of their equipment.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this item a little while back and it was worth the money.  Works well with my Sony NEX 6.  The sound is really nice.  Great sound and battery life.  Very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to install and use.  I did a number of tests and was very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are so comfortable. I bought them because I have a hard time getting them in the ear, and they really do fit nicely. I was nervous when I saw the price because they're so expensive, but they're worth it! The earbud fits well and the sound is great! I like the earbups with the little clip that attaches to the ear. It's nice to have the option to wear headphones all day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit works like a charm! I'm very happy with it.  It looks nice and looks like a piece of equipment I never had before.  I have a Dell laptop and this is a great replacement!  The only thing that would be better is an ethernet port 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod Nano is a great little radio.  I have two of them and they are both working without a problem.  If you don't like the remote, you can always change it in the player or iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse works well with my Macbook.  I use it to navigate the screen, write emails, etc. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, but not to cheap.  It works for my iPod touch 5th generation.  I wish it had more storage but it does. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing that really hurts is the volume control. You need to use it more to make it work properly.  It's fine, and works well for what I need.  I wish it had a more accurate volume control 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very good for its price. I did have to do a minor tweak to get it to output to my receiver.  I found the volume to be too high.  So I lowered it down.  The speakers are very loud and clear. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed.  Easy to use and the price was excellent.  It was exactly as I had been looking for.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for my new TV, it's just what I was looking for!  It has a lot of options to customize it, I will be recommending this product to everyone I know.  It is well worth the extra money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon 5D camera and I needed a new battery for it.  The original battery that came with the camera was not able to hold the extra power needed for a higher frame rate.  So I bought this one.  I use it for all my photography and it has performed great.  It lasts about 1.5 hours on a full charge and then is ready to go again.  This is the only thing that I can really complain about.  But it is a great value for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this card works like a charm.  it's easy to install and is working fine.  i have used it in a couple of printers, and it is very smooth.  there are no problems with it.  I would definately recommend this card for anyone who has a scanner and is looking to save money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture is better than any other phone I've had.  I use it for business purposes and I like the way it looks and sounds.  It has a lot of volume, and you can use it while driving.  There are also some nice features like a CD player and a FM radio.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because they fit my Sony MP3 player perfectly.  The sound is great.  I have also had to take the case off and put the MP3 players ear buds on.  It was a snap and worked like a charm.  Now I have a better sound system in my car and I have been very happy with the purchase.  Don't waste your money on anything else if you want to get a good sound system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the money.  I used it as my first wireless printer and it worked flawlessly.  There are several wireless printers out there, but this is one of the best.  It can print to almost any printer you have, including ink-on-demand.  The only thing is, it doesn't have an antenna.  My first wireless printers did, but mine didn't.  That's fine.  You can find an antenna in the manual.  We don't really need the antenna. It's just a little extra.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and she loves it.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this card to record a DVD and a few movies on my Toshiba Satellite.  It works perfectly, although it is a little slow when recording, especially when running the video to the maximum resolution.  You can do a lot of shooting with this card.  But for the price I think it is worth the extra money to get a faster card like a Kingston or a Kingston DataTraveler. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the only brand I considered.  It is a little more expensive but its worth it.  The sound is very nice and has a little bass but its not a huge deal.  Its nice to have options 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been looking for a good camera and this is a good buy.  It has a lot of features and is small. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and she loves it.  It is nice to have a compact radio that she can carry around and use for her entertainment and her phone.  The sound quality is really great!  I have the FM band but also have the CD receiver.  I am very pleased with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little product.  The sound is very good, but there are some drawbacks.  First, this product is only compatible with a single channel headphone.  I'm looking at a full range of headphones now 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound quality, and the only thing I have to complain is that the batteries last a very long time, so I have them in a case (with a little clip).  I can't believe the price they are selling it for, but for the price I can get the battery that lasts 5 years (with the case), I can afford to do so 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is perfect.  It is easy to connect to the TV, and its ability to detect and control your TV is just perfect 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's just like my old PDA.  No problems.  It does all the things I want to do.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great value for its price.  The card does a great job in my NAS, and is a big improvement from the previous ones.  If you are looking for a NAS that will do more than play DVDs, I suggest this card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and its small and light weight making it easy to carry around.  A nice electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only downside is that the remote requires a mouse. The mouse is a joy and a must have for the job.  It is a little cumbersome to hold the mouse in the center of the receiver but if you hold it to your face it is easier.  The sound is great and the remote is intuitive.  I would recomend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are great, just don't expect them to play out of the box like a lot of the others do. The only thing to keep in mind is you want to keep these speakers as quiet as possible when not in use. There is no volume adjustment on these speakers, only mute. I do have to mention that the speakers are pretty sturdy, and they seem like they will hold up to being dropped on a hard surface, but I still recommend the $50 pair of speakers that come with a carrying case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external drive for my work computer and decided to buy this because the price was so low and the item was so easy to use.  My only complaint is the size.  I wanted a bigger external drive so I could have a larger amount of files to save on my laptop, but it was not a problem for me.  The size of this drive is a huge plus.  It is more than enough to store all my documents in a single folder.  In addition, I'm very satisfied with the product.  Easy to use and is fully compatible with Windows XP.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to keep my DVD player from falling over, and this worked fine.  Very nice to have something handy for my TV.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player is great, but if you want to have it play DVDs without an external power supply, then the built in DVD player really shines.  I love the idea of having a DVD player that is just plugged into the wall.  It takes up the least amount of space in my kitchen.  You could easily take this with you to your local camping trip and just plug it in and have it on the campfire.  If you're looking for a way to conserve space, then you might want to look into a DVD recorder.  The MP3 player on the other hand is just plain cool.  Both of these units do have a slight learning curve because you can't turn it on all the way and there's not enough power to keep the player running. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is great and it is nice to have an easy access to all of my cables.  The included case was quite comfortable and was able to hold my laptop securely.  However, it did take a bit of getting used to to the fact that it was made from the same material as the case.  I would recommend this case for anyone who travels with a laptop 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because it was an excellent value.  The speakers work perfectly and the sound is great. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it from Amazon for the price. I have no problems with it so far. It is very easy to use, and has nice features such as the built in wireless mouse which is great for browsing the web. I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using the sony mp3 player for the past several years.  The player works fine with my MP3 player, but the speakers are a bit too small for my ears, and I find the volume controls a little difficult to use.  I have purchased this product because it is so much cheaper than the Sony MP3 I've had in the past 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit is well made, very nice.  The only problem I have is that the backlight does not work with the display in my office.  I would suggest buying a case with some sort of protection for this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an avid consumer of wireless devices and I have always had an older antenna with bad reception. The Sennheiser P5 is a nice upgrade. I'm now able to get more of the high-powered signals I've been receiving.The remote has a good feel to it. It has a lot of options, but I found it to be quite intuitive and I was able to find the volume adjustment button quickly and easily.The P5 has been an excellent investment 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been a Sony user for many years and have been disappointed with the last few Sony products. I recently purchased this, which is much better than my other Sony products (Viera PDA, Sony MiniDuke).  It has an SD card slot (which I like).  The sound is excellent.  It can handle an up to 30 MB iPod, and I am able to use my mouse and have it work just fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio is great. I bought it to replace my older radios and I love it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was very easy to install and works as advertised.  Great sound quality.  I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent item for your money. I bought it for my wife and she has had no problems with it so far.  I am glad that it was a no-brainer purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card worked out of the box and performed as advertised.  I recommend this product to everyone who is new to hard drives and want to buy a new one for their new PC.  It has a great price and is well built, which is a big plus when purchasing an inexpensive drive.  Don't be fooled by the other reviews that have bad reviews about this product.  They are just buying it because they have a lot of stuff already. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Easy installation and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has been in use for over a year now.  The sound is great.  It is a bit louder than the $25 earbuds that came with my iPod, but not by much.  Great sound quality.  A few things that I would like to improve are the color, the fit, and the ear buds.  I have no complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for Christmas. I needed a place to store my CDs and it fits the bill. I have only had it a few days and it is already holding its weight.  The picture is great.  I am happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a little pricey, but I am very happy with it. It's a good deal cheaper than the same item at another online retailer. The sound quality is great and the wireless range is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The only thing I can say is that it needs a little more power than what I was getting from the wall outlet at my office.  It also has a nice look.  Overall, it is great.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this product with the Samsung ZS400, and the results are excellent.  It has enough room to hold my MP3 player, iPod, CD, MP3, and DVD player all in a small space, making it easy to access.  The earpiece is comfortable and comfortable I am very happy with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works as described.  The only downside is the speakers are a little too small.  If you plan to use them for listening to movies and other music, you will need to buy bigger speakers.  For now, the speakers work great.  It is a little louder than the Yamaha A35 and Yamaha JX5.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with the product.  Great sound quality, easy to use, nice features.  Just wish it was a little bigger, but it works 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It works great for the price.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a previous Sony printer, which I still have. I'm happy with the performance of this printer.  The only negative review I have is that the paper is slightly more expensive than I was willing to pay. I don't have any problem with the price of the printer, but I'm a little disappointed that the quality of the printing isn't quite as good as it is with the Sony. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item works just like the other products I have bought from Amazon.  The product is well made and looks like it would last forever.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have 2 Macs that are running at about the same speed.  I wanted to get something that could improve my Mac's performance.  The Speed Boost II works well and is very affordable.  It will keep your Mac's CPU and GPU in sync and save you money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had to replace the power pack in my Sony MP-V650 that I bought in 2007. The new power pack works as well as the old one, and is very inexpensive.  I would definitely recommend this product for anyone who needs a power pack to charge their mpv in a pinch 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm using the 4GB version of this card in my Sony Vaio XP2 and I've been very pleased with the performance.  I've used both of my DVD burners with no problems.  The only problem is that I have a lot of video and it takes a little longer to burn some of the newer DVDs than the ones I burned in my Toshiba DVD-RW/CD-RW Combo.  If you use both, this card is a great investment 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am new to this printer and was looking for something that would be easy to set up and would allow me to print without worrying about the price tag.  I received my printer today and I have no complaints.  The printer is nice and is compact.  It does a good job of printing.  Very well built.  A great product for a great price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought a Sony USB Stick to go with my digital camera.  Great for storing photos and videos, and quick and easy to use.  The only negative is that the USB connection to the camera is so weak that I have to use a pen to hold the USB in place, or else it will fall out of the camera 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little radio.  Plays mp3s, but not as loud as my new Toyota MRX.  The picture is great and the sound is clear.  This is the best mp3 player I have ever owned.  Don't expect the loudness of a car radio, but this is pretty good.  Keeps your car out of the garage and at a good distance from your neighbors.  Works with mp3 players with up to 20-25 stations.  Great buy, a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am in the process of replacing my aging Sony MP3 player with this product.  The sound is very good and the remote is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing that was not to my liking was that the DVD player didn't play all my movies, but the TV didn't. The DVD player is also a great deal quieter than my old VHS player which also was a little quiet, so I was able to hear it better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to get something that could record the TV with sound and not take up much space on the drive.  The product was very easy to install and worked great.  I did have one complaint though, which is that the software that controls the recording of TV programs did not have a feature that allowed me to see how many programs I had recorded in a given time frame.  If you have programs that you want to record in a set period of time, you may want to consider getting the DVD recorder that comes with this product.  Overall, I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a small recording device that doesn't take up a lot of space on their drive and that can record programs that they like to record. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as described.  There are no problems.  The color is as advertised.  It is a small, compact monitor, which makes it easy to transport and use in small spaces 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a Sony scanner and needed a better one.  This scanner is better in almost every way.  It is a lot faster than my other scanner and it works perfectly.  I have not had any problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are well made. They sound great. The speakers are easy to set up and use.  The sound is great.  You won't find a better speaker for your money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price. Plenty of room to set up my iPod.  I have two of them and the first one is running like a champ.  The sound is crisp and clear, and the mic is really good.  Only thing I don't like is the fact that there is no software to configure the volume, so I have to keep the volume up all the time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works as advertised.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the price. It was delivered within a timely manner and was exactly what I needed for my new HP Pavilion and was not over-charged 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this to replace the DVD player that I had installed in my office for a new one.  Works as advertised and it's great.  If you're looking for something that will look good and will fit in your cabinet and be able to play all your DVD's then this is the product for you.  I would recommend it over the generic ones on the market.  It's not as heavy as the ones on Amazon, but the sound quality is great.I'm very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great purchase for me. It has great sound, is lightweight, and has a lot of storage space.  I highly recommend this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of hardware. I had to buy my own antenna because I live in a very rural area and the one at my office was very weak. I wanted a bigger antenna so I got this and it is great. The sound is very clear, the picture is clear and crisp and the only thing that is a little annoying is the inability to switch channels. But other than that it is a good antenna. I highly recommend this antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product, i put it on my car and it works well,  can't say much about the sound.  It's easy to use and fits well. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good deal for the money.  You can play your CDs and DVDs and it's a little faster than the other options I have.  It also has a nice rubber pad which is nice to hold your CDs.  The speakers are a little louder than the rest of the speakers I have but I don't like them much.  If you want a little more sound then the iPod is probably a better buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace the battery in my old wireless mouse.  I was very happy with the results.  It was noticeably faster than the old mouse, and the buttons worked as expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a perfect match for my laptop, which I bought as a gift for my husband.  I was amazed how quick it was to install and set up the software and it works great.  It is so much easier to use than the old DVD burner that I had.  If you are a beginner or not sure if you need a CD/DVD burner, this will be a great option 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works for my laptop and is sturdy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this for my son's iPod. It worked fine, was a small hassle to install and I have since purchased a better brand. I will keep this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! Great price.  Great customer service! Great customer support 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the product for my Sony camcorder, and it has served me very well.  I love the way it makes my sound quality better and is a great piece of kit for the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the fact that it can be placed in a compact cabinet. It has plenty of room for all my printers, and I don't need to hook them up to any of the power outlets.  The product is well made, and it is a great price.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for my wife to use at her job where she needed to keep a laptop from freezing and needing a battery to keep it running.  It works very well.  We use it in the evening and it will keep running for an hour and a half without any problems.  My wife and I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for a small price! I am a big fan of Sennheiser ear buds.  I have an iPod that is very noisy, so the ear buds will help reduce the volume.  The only thing I wish they had was a microphone to control the volume 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It has a lot of room and is very compact.  It is very easy to use and the included instructions are very helpful. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this item was exactly as advertised and exactly what i wanted.  i'm glad i bought it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable because I was looking for an inexpensive way to hook up my iPod to the TV.  It was a bit pricy, but it is worth the money.  I have had no problems with the cable.  The sound is great, and it has a great picture.  For the price, it is great.  If you are looking for a way to connect your iPod to your TV, I recommend this cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an easy to install unit with no fuss. It has a great sound quality for the price. The only drawback is the ability to hook up two players, which is a nice feature to have. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have the best sound quality at a reasonable price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It does what I want, it's lightweight and easy to use and it's not too expensive.  I have had no problems with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son to play his new CD player.  I was able to get it installed right away without any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. I can see all my lights from my computer and can't see them from the kitchen ceiling. The product is sturdy and the price is a great deal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great product.  I love it.  It makes it much easier to use the DVD player.  If you want to save your cable (or your wallet), you can't go wrong with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player was a great deal, and I am glad it's being sold in the USA 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a new printer that would stand up to my daily use. I like the fact that it is easy to print and that it can handle my 4 color ink. It prints well and is very sturdy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound. It has a little more bass than the earbuds I usually use, but I am not complaining. The price was great and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for an earbud to listen to the radio, etc...I use it all the time with my car stereo.  I will be buying again in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for anyone looking for an iPod player.  The only downside is that it does not have an in-line remote which is the most basic feature in any iPod player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised.  I am an avid Apple user and wanted something that would let me use my iPod with the car radio and the iPhone.  This is the best solution to my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to replace the optical CD player that I had.  The product does exactly what I need and it is much cheaper than buying new.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these to be able to take my iPod to work.  It's been great so far!  I just bought a second one just to keep my iPod in case I needed to take it with me when I'm not at home! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice sound card, it is a great upgrade from my old Pioneer CD-M/S.  The sound quality is excellent, I haven't had any problems with it yet 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I have an HP Pavilion and my laptop would get hot when I used this. I bought this to keep my laptop cooler.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It does everything I want it to.  It has the best sound, looks great, and is super easy to use.  The only problem I had was the battery life.   It lasted for a couple of months before it got low, but I think that was just the battery being old 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy for the price. I've had no problems at all with the product. I like the sound quality and the fact that the radio is in the center of the dashboard.  The product is sturdy and well-built. I highly recommend this product for any car enthusiast 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and a little bigger than the stock ones. It is great for those who want to use their iMac in the kitchen. I would recommend it to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am extremely happy with this printer.  I can print my photos at a decent size with ease.  My only complaint is that the front end needs to be better.  You can see the print head, which is a big piece, but the back is pretty tiny.  If you have big photos that need to be printed very quickly (for example, photos that are high in the sky), it might be a problem with this print head. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earbuds are the most comfortable i've ever had.  The earbud does a good job of blocking out background noise 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it to record and watch my TV, I have a Sony HD DVD player that has the same type of connectors.  This is a great product for recording your DVDs and it works well.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I've had a few problems with the product.  One of the most important is the size of the USB connector. I'm 6'3" and the USB is a little bit too small for my computer.  The next problem is the fact that I can't insert the DVD or CD that I have in the drive into it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this in my Sony printer to print out the front page.  I'm very satisfied with the product.  It has worked well for the price and its an excellent electronic device.  The print quality is very good, and I've only had it a week 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and works as advertised.  Only complaint is the remote has an annoying auto-repeat feature.  I used the auto-recall feature in all my games and never got to the end of the list.  It also doesn't have a menu to navigate the menu options.  Other than that it's a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm and I don't have to use any of my old cables or adapters 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit came in great condition and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a nice mouse but the sound is not as good as the ones I have.  I like the sound but I wish it had a bigger battery to charge.  It does the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had purchased this from Amazon for my wife's birthday and it was a great buy.  I am so glad I found the option to use it on our laptop, since it is so small and it saves so much space. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great price. I use it for all my iPod's.  It does the job for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the remote, but it's only because I don't have any other remote.  The sound is very clear.  You can set up a different volume with the touch of a button.  I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a nice improvement on my older Panasonic DVD player.  It's got a much higher resolution and sound quality.  The remote is a little harder to operate, but it is easy to navigate and works with the menu system.  Very nice product.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used all brands of mp3 players from Sony, Panasonic, Sony, and Mecentia. I love the sound, the compactness, and the price.  I've used mine for over 10 years now.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is excellent. I am happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product. Easy to use and the price is very fair.  Very happy with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is awesome!  The only problem I had with it was that it would not play in all the rooms I had in my house.  But I had the ability to turn off the speakers.  So I had to leave them on in the bedroom, which was fine. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was perfect for my needs. I had a few scratches in the past, so I had to return it for a replacement. This is definitely a great product for my electronic device.  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are really great.  They have the comfort of an earbud, but the sound is just as good as earbuds.  I bought them from Amazon and they are great quality.  The only complaint I have is that the cord is a little short for the size, but I'll take it.  If you want a pair that can be worn comfortably all day, then this is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These cables are really nice.  I use them for my iPod, and I was surprised that they were so small.  The only drawback is that the cable does not have a "dongle" to plug into your TV.  It's just a straight length of cable, so it doesn't get in the way of anything.  But it's still a good cable for those that need to hook up their iPod to a TV and are concerned about the length of it.  Also, they're not very flexible, so if you have any slippage on your headphones, you may have to buy a more flexible one.  They're not the worst cheapies you can get, but I don't see the need to go with the cheaper ones.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this product a few weeks ago. I have used it on my Nikon Coolpix S90 and Sony A100 cameras. I was very pleased with the performance of the printer. The ink does not run out as quickly as other printers I have owned. I would suggest buying a quality ink cartridge instead of the generic cartridges.The paper is great. The color and paper quality are top-notch. I wish there were more choices available for color and papers in the market. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these for my wife and she loves them.  I used them in both my cars and on a trip.  The only thing I wish they had is an option to switch between 4GB & 8GB.  My car has 8GB and I use all the space.  If the 4GB option is available, I would purchase those again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great! It is an iPod, but it's a small one that will fit my 5.5" laptop. I bought this because I like the iPod but also needed a speaker for my home office. It's a nice sound quality and it's also very compact, which is a plus. It doesn't hurt that it's an iPod because it can't hold as much as a larger one, which means that I can get it to my desktop without much trouble. I also appreciate that I only have to plug it in to my laptop every couple of months or so instead of having to hook it up to an iPod dock every night.  I'm very satisfied with this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this at a local electronic device store and have not been disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card worked great with my Windows XP client and did not have any problems with stability and stability in general.  It does take a bit longer to load than the standard 2GB cards.  In general, I am very happy with this card. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound, small size, and compact design.  I am very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had these headphones for a couple of months now and have never had a problem with them.  I use them for both my music and TV watching.  They work fine.  There's one small thing that I'd like to change though.  The headphones have a small sticker on the earpiece that is not removable.  It says "Sale."  I would prefer if this sticker was removable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a decent electronic device.  The only reason I have not rated it higher is that it is not as easy to connect as the iPod Mini.  However, the software is easy to use, and the sound is very nice.  I wish the software had more options to customize the sound.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I wanted and more.  It was just as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got these in about a month or so after the other ones I have.  They are super easy to install.  Great sound for a small electronic device.  Highly recommended.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a little bulky for the small screen but its a good buy.  If you dont have the large screens the only way to get a picture in the picture is to put it on your desk and turn the brightness to 100% or else the picture won't come out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works well for my home theater system. I did not have any problem with the sound quality and is a nice piece of electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for the TV. I like it so much I bought a second one.  It is very easy to install and use.  I wish it was a little bit cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great!  I have been using it for about 2 years and have had no problems.  You will notice a difference when you compare the specs and you will see that it has a better bandwidth than a standard card.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use in her office, and it has worked great. It's great for the price, it's the perfect size for her, and its pretty easy to use.    I wish it were a little more expensive, but if it is, I will purchase another one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  You can use it as a printer, scanner, etc.  I'm really satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works fine.  It is a little expensive for a cable with such a short length, but its worth the money.  The only problem I had with this was the first time I used it.  I plugged in the cord with the ear buds on, but the sound from the TV seemed distorted.  But after some fiddling with the settings, it was okay.  If you are looking for a way to get rid of the TV's antenna, this is the way to do it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the first thing I've ever bought from Sony that I actually have no problems with.  It's been working for over a year now with the exception of a minor "crashing" that I have been working on fixing.  I recommend it highly for its price.  If you're looking for a better one for your money, this is a great one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it on a impulse, and I am pleased with it.  The sound quality is excellent, and the battery life is about the same as I expected from the specs. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are just the perfect fit.  They are comfortable and look good.  My only complaint is that they aren't very sturdy, but that isn't an issue for me.  I can keep them on all day if I need to.  You'll never break them.  The only drawback is that the sound is pretty tinny, so you'll need to crank the volume up if you want to hear any bass.  Otherwise, it's a great ear piece. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a little more compact than the iQ500, but I still think it is a great deal.  The sound quality is great and the wireless connection is just as easy to use as the i Q500.  I would definately recommend it for a compact and inexpensive option for your home entertainment system 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to use. Good battery life.  I use it for my ipod, and it works just as well as the ipod I had before.  The only drawback I have is that the headphones are not adjustable.  They do not stay in place very well.  If you are a small person like me, you will probably want to get a different set of headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is awesome.  I use it all the time and it is just as the picture shows.  The only thing I wish it was a little cheaper was the antenna.  But other than that I am very satisfied with this product.  It has a big antenna that is hard to see, but when I put it up on a wall or ceiling it is really easy to see.  All in all a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been looking for an easier way to transfer photos from my iPod to my Canon C100.  I use this to store my photos on a Mac, and then I can use the Canon C200 for my day job photography.  The transfer is pretty smooth, but it does take a while to get the photos onto the memory card, so I suggest you keep the card as close to the camera as possible.  Don't use the iPod with an external drive - this is the only way to get photos onto your camera, and I don't want to have to worry about it falling out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card for my home theater system and I can't believe how much it fits in my home.  It's definitely not a deal-breaker when playing DVDs or Blu-ray movies and I don't see any problems playing anything.  I've only had it a couple of months and have not had any problems.  For the price, this is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for the price, it has all the functions you want and it is the best buy for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product a couple of months ago and have had no problems whatsoever.  I just use the optical out with the TV to get access to the sound on the other end.  It's been a big help, especially when I'm listening to a DVD or DVD player at the same time as I watch TV or use it for an ipod player.  The only thing that I wish it could do is have an HDMI port.  But it's great if you're looking for a wireless system that can be plugged into an outlet without having to worry about running afoul of any rules.  This product does exactly what it's supposed to do.  If you're planning on using this with a PC or Mac, I would recommend the Logitech S500 because it's a little less pricey and has a slightly bigger screen than the D-Link system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made.  The wireless receiver is clear and easy to use.  You won't get much of a difference in quality when compared with other brands.  It is however an upgrade to the Panasonic transmitter for a much more expensive transmitter.  I have a Canon 5D Mark II and Panasonic transmitter and I have to say the Panasonic receiver is very much superior.  Very good product, I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an AT&T customer.  So, I have been looking for an iPod for the last few years.  After much research, I chose this for its convenience and price.  The only negative review I have for this product is the lack of a record player.  If you want to use the MP3 player to listen to your iPod, this is the product for you.  But, if you want a recordable iPod, then this is not the product you are looking for. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I expected and is well worth the price. I've been using it for my Sony player, which uses only the internal hard drive, and now have my photos and documents stored in my personal digital library, with complete and total privacy. It's an amazing deal and the only drawback is the price, but it will last forever and is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very well made, works well and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great product.   My only problem is the price.  It's way over the competition, the other products are at half the price, the case is so well built.  If you are looking for something for your iPod/iPhone, then this is it.  I do have to mention that the buttons are in the wrong place, you can only press the button on the back to activate the player.  You can get the buttons fixed and make it a lot more user friendly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, nice sound, works well with my car's stereo. I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for 2 years on my car.  It works well.  The only problem is that the battery needs to be replaced every year or so.  But I think the cost is worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this phone for less than a month now and it has performed flawlessly.  It is the best phone I have ever owned 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I wanted and I was very pleased with the product.  The sound quality was great.   I have never had any problems with the sound from the product so I am very pleased 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a better portable power source, so I bought this. It's a good deal.  I didn't get any trouble with it powering up and powering down as I needed.  It also has a built-in USB charger, which is nice.  Don't expect it to last forever though, the battery is a 9V. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is as advertised.  I use it as my home stereo and it works fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great.  The only drawback is that it has a small volume control.  I can't stand the volume setting on my CD player, so I don't use it, but the sound is fine.  It is a small piece of plastic, so don't expect to get it for a lot of money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is the best i've seen for the price. It is easy to install, and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first product I ever bought from Amazon and it's been a great electronic device.  My wife and I have both had problems with other brands.  I will buy Amazon again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I needed.  The sound is excellent, the pictures are excellent.  I am recommending this product to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product does exactly what it's supposed to do, and it is a lot more affordable than the ones I had previously. The sound is incredible.  I'm very satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for something to replace the factory charger. I got this and it is a perfect fit.  It has a good weight to it and works great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the second electronic device I've purchased from Amazon and the first being a Samsung DVD player.  I have been very pleased with this player so far.  The sound quality is excellent, especially for an iPod player, and the price is right!  The only problem I have is that when it's not in use the iPod player has a tendency to spin up very slowly and become unplayable.  For that reason I use the timer function to keep it from running away from the player all too often.  Other than that it's a great purchase.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a little bigger than I expected, but I don't really care.  I've been doing a lot of work with the camera, and the pictures are pretty sharp and clear.  The included soft case is quite nice too, and is comfortable to hold.  Overall, I'm very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my wife wanted something better than my ipod.  The headphones sound pretty good.  It also has a clip on the right ear that makes them comfortable to wear.  I also like the fact that they come in a variety of colors.  They're a little too big for my ears, but I am not an audiophile.  So I'm not going to complain about them.  All in all I am very happy with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it's an option, not a necessity.  I can use my Canon S3 for all my digital media needs.  It's a great buy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product to store and play MP3s and CDs.  The sound is excellent.  There is no need for a separate player to store MP3 files or CDs. The MP3 player itself is very well made.  It is well padded and comfortable to use.  If you have a very large room or need to store a lot of CDs in a very compact space this is an excellent product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. I love it. I used it to make my computer portable and then put it in my pocket while I work. It's so small and portable it takes up no space, and the battery lasts a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it to keep my printer in working condition, and it does a great job.  I have not had any problems with it.  It is a little pricey but it does make a difference 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the black one as the red one I got at Amazon did not work. The sound is awesome and I love the fact that it can record up to 8 mp3s 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great value for money and performance.  I bought 2 of these, one for my PC, and one for the printer.  Very fast, clear print and a good quality product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product! Just what I needed for my personal needs.  Very sturdy case.  Great price.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this at a good price and needed a new TV for my husband who has a smaller one and wants to see the TV screen without the extra clutter of the wall mount.  This is a great buy and we will probably get another one soon.  We love the sound.  The picture is better than the original one and is now more visible.  Great product and a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for the price and works well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for my daughter who loves to play games on it.  The sound is clear and I was not worried about it being broken.  I'm very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The price is great and the product itself is very nice.  You can take it with you and it looks nice. The sound is not as good as my other speakers, but it does get the job done.  If you want to listen to music, this is a great option.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is very good.  It is a bit bigger than the antenna I had before, but it does the job well.  You can see the signal better and it does not pick up the FM stations very weak.  Overall, it is a great antenna for the money.  I would recommend this antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is pretty good for the price, the only con is the fact that the power cord needs to be connected to the wall outlet.  This is a minor gripe, but it is noticeable, especially when listening to music at high volume levels 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with this product.  I used to have my ipod hooked up to the old radio in my car, but I wanted to get rid of it.  The receiver works fine with my ipods and mp3 players, and I've been very pleased.  You won't miss the radio, the iPod will still have the battery power to play, and it's not as if I'm trying to plug it in to power up an ipod or mp3 player, it's just easier to hook them up directly from the receiver instead 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product and has everything needed to get my music on the TV 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product. The radio is super easy to use and fits my car perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player is a great deal and is well worth the money.  The sound is great and the picture quality is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to use, no fussing with drivers, and works like a charm.  Very compact and nice look too 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is great. I used to get signal in some areas of my house that I didn't have the best reception of. This antenna provides better reception. The only complaint I have is that the antenna does not have a mounting base. If you need to mount this antenna, make sure it's mounted correctly. If your house is right next to the freeway, you can easily get it in the center of the freeway to keep it out of the wind. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it all day and night.  I do not have to use the CD player on the bus or in my car.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice electronic device.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband.  He is a carpenter and needed to have an external CD player to hold and store his work files.  The player is great and easy to use.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It has great sound and is a little more compact than my other brand.  It is easy to use and has a lot of features that are easy to find.  I am very satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is awesome and the battery lasts for ages.  I use it to listen to movies and music in the car and it is great.  It's small and easy to take with me to the gym or when I am traveling and it fits in my backpack.  The only problem is it does not charge very well.  After a few hours I had to go and charge it with the car battery.  This makes it more portable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great electronic device. I would recomend to anyone who is looking for a case that is small, yet allows for a good fit. This one does. I highly recomment this case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to hold my iPod, and I'm not a big fan of the usual rubber cases. This case does the job and is a great price for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The power is great. I have only had it for about 5 months and so far I have had no problems with the power or the radio.  The only complaint I have is that it is a little tricky to get the antenna up to a decent height.  However, I have been using it all day long, and so I am sure it is no problem.  I am a little disappointed in the sound quality of the AM broadcast stations 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works fine for the price, but it is a little more expensive than I expected.  However, the quality of the sound is excellent.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the money!  Comes with all the accessories you need.  Will be a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product is very good, and very easy to use.  i use it for my ipod player and my ipaq, and both work fine.  I do recommend buying this product for your ipod, as the ipod charger is not rechargeable, and the ipaq charger is battery only 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this card worked out of the box and i have had no problems.  it has been a little pricey but i love the convenience of having a dedicated card slot for my CD player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to use and it has the added benefit of allowing me to use my iPod or iPod Touch.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it only has the ability to connect an iPod or MP3 player and not an external player.  If you have an iPod that is more capable of playing MP3's than MP4's, I'd recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It has a very small footprint, has lots of room for an SD card, and is very reliable.  I have had no problems with this product. It is a little slower than the other products I use, but it is more than worth it for the small size and quality of the product.The only problem is that it is not compatible with all cameras.  If you do not want to use the card in a Canon camera, then you need to purchase a Canon SD Card Adapter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the system for a little over a year now and I am very satisfied with it. I love the sound and I like the ease of use. The only problem I have is that it does not hold the ipod and it is a pain to find a case that allows for a comfortable fit. The earphone is so nice though! It is the best of both worlds. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable to use with my Sennheiser Momentum Wireless headphones. I've never used anything but the included headphones in the past, so I wanted to see how this was going to be, and I am very pleased with it. It is very comfortable to use, and the sound is excellent, as the headphones I use for my own music. The only downside is the length. It's a bit long, but I'm a big person, so it shouldn't be an issue. I would buy another Sennhesiser cable if I were in the market for one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best portable CD player I have seen, it has everything I need and more.  You can use the CD player in your car or on the beach, it can hold a lot of music, and it has an adjustable volume, which is great.  The only problem is the fact that it's very light.  Don't expect it to hold your CD's if you walk around the house or park or any other outdoor situation.  But I will say that I love the look and that the speakers are great.It is a great buy and I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product, easy to assemble and use.  No problems so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to play my CD's, mp3's and mp4's. I love the ability to move the player from one room to the next, no more spinning and jumping around!  I highly recommend this player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my new Canon printer.  I have no problems with it, and it has worked well.  You will have to try it out for yourself though, because the ink does not come out as well as the Canon branded pens.  It has been several months since the ink was last changed, and the printer is still as good as new.  The only reason I am giving it a 4 stars is because the printer does not have the option to print in color!  I would have given it 5 stars if I could! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The picture quality is great.  You will not get better picture quality than this with the Sony player.  The speakers sound good too.  It is small, but it's compact and lightweight.  I bought it from Amazon and I had no problems with the item.  Very nice product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best thing that has happened to my digital device, I would not buy anything else, its very quiet, it's very good and it fits the size of my mp3 player, it is very portable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this unit for the new Canon Rebel XE, and I'm very pleased with it.  I was also pleased with the purchase of this product when it first came out, but now that it has a better design and the feature set is more accessible, I'm able to enjoy shooting a lot more with my Canon DSLR.  If you're looking for a decent electronic device that you don't have to worry about having to repair, this is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Canon D90 and the only thing I could find that worked for me was the Sony DRC-T10 which is an inexpensive $19.99 DVD player.  This was the best $19 I could get at Amazon.  I used the Sony's remote to select my pictures and movies from the remote and then the Sony player would start playing.  It did a great job with my movies.  One complaint I had was that it was difficult to find a way to control the player without the need for an additional remote to control it with.  Amazon offers the Sony remote, which is nice.  The Sony remote works with my Sony laptop, but not my Sony PS3 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I am a very busy person.  I did not want to have to find another case that would protect my ipod with the size of this case.  It is easy to pack and I like it very much.  The only complaint I have is that it does not fit my iPod.  But, if you want something to protect your ipod you must buy something smaller than this one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great headphones for your money. I would recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I am glad I got it.  It's worth the money and looks great.  Thanks to Amazon for great customer service 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The antenna works great, and I am very happy with the quality of reception I receive.  I don't have any problems with reception in any other cities I live.  For $15.00, I can't beat this product.  Thanks for a great antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've used the Epson ink and it works great.  I bought this for my wife to use at home and it did.  If you are looking for a good pen for your laptop or tablet, this is a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what I was looking for to hook up my mp3 player to the TV.  It's easy to install and works perfectly.  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband to use as an alternative to an iPod. It was a little hard to find an iPod case for it, so I bought one online and ordered it in. I was so happy with the case that I had to buy another one. The case is great. The only downside is the fact that it is not as well made as my iPod case. The iPod clips do not stay in place as well as the ones I have been using. The bottom one has a hole where the battery compartment should be. This makes it very easy to accidentally knock it out of place and pop the battery in your ear. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod touch, which is now about two years old.  It is just what I need to keep my MP3 player from falling off the table 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the only product I've had that will work on my Windows XP machine and not require any driver installation.  The only downside is that it's a little more expensive than the Canon DVP-2000 but is well worth it for what I need.  I'll definitely be ordering from Amazon again when I need a new one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These batteries are great.  I can charge the iPod or the Sony player for hours without needing to change.  Great buy.  It is a little pricey, but if you want to make sure you don't run out of batteries all of a sudden, don't buy these.  Buy the other brands for their smaller batteries.  They are a lot cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine and the only thing I have to complain is the batteries aren't rechargeable.  Hopefully this will be fixed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little device.  I was having trouble getting my iPod to play mp3's and I really like the ability to keep my iPod's battery level constant all day 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've only had this for a couple of weeks but am very pleased with it.  It is exactly what I wanted.  There is no noticeable difference between the DVD player that I have used before and this one.  I have a small collection of movies and movies that I don't want to lose anymore so I am very happy with this product.  The picture is as good as any DVD player I've ever owned and the sound is superb.  Overall I am highly satisfied with this purchase.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works and looks nice.  It is small enough to take on the airplane but it is sturdy enough to hold my ipod without being too bulky.  I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome item, the sound is clear and crisp, and it is easy to use and holds up very well.  I bought this because I wanted a portable mp3 player, not something to carry around all the time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal. It allows you to hook up a printer and an ink cartridge. It has a power cord that you can use to power it. It is very well made and the color is great. I use it for printing and scanning. It was very easy to use.  It is a little pricey at $50 but it is well worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a remote that was small and easy to use. I found it very handy and it's just a shame that it's not a standard remote! It's small enough that I can reach the buttons without having to look at it, but still feels sturdy enough to not be a problem for me when I'm playing music or TV shows and have to adjust the volume on the other end.  The buttons are a little too sensitive for my taste, but the buttons on the right side are a lot easier to use than the ones on the left. I don't know if that's because I'm used to playing with the right buttons, or if it's because this remote is right handed. Either way, it's a great buy and I will buy another one of these for my other room in my house 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has everything you need to do what you want with your iPod.  It is very easy to set up and is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use these to play DVDs and now I use them for digital music.  They are very easy to use, look good, and are very reliable.  The only drawback is that they are small and not the best for storing the majority of your MP3 files.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great for my iPod, has a decent size for it, and is a lot easier to use than the iPod itself.  Great price for what you get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this antenna at a good price, and it's perfect for my needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works perfectly for my car.  I have a 2002 Mazda with 2" dome speakers.  You have to get the car radio and your ipod in the same room 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card worked fine with my Mac Mini and I can also use it with my Windows XP computer.  The only problem is that it does not support the "Quiet mode".  I will try it with Windows XP, but it will be a little bit more work.  I would highly recommend it if you have Macs or Windows PCs, which don't have an extra PCI slot 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was able to get a hold of this item and get a great deal on it. The pictures looked good, and the sound was nice.  The only complaint I have is the fact that it has the ability to output as high as 50 watts into an amplifier, which I cannot use as a TV because it would burn out my TV's power source.  I bought the item specifically to use it in the car because I live in an area where I have a high number of high powered appliances that use a lot of power and don't have a lot to spare, and I just wanted to use the TV to keep them from burning out.  If I had not purchased this item I would have purchased the larger model (not including the power cord). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this a while ago and now use it all the time.  I have a Mac mini and I also have an iMac with a Canon PowerShot SDXC Memory Card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it on sale for $20 and was great.  It is the best looking DVD player I've ever seen.  Very quiet and nice sound.  Don't have to worry about losing the disc.  I just plug it into the TV and let it do the rest 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very pleased with this product.  It was easy to set up, and has a great sound quality.  The only complaint I have is the fact that there is a 2.0 slot for a CD player, which is not present on the other end of the cable.  I purchased another product that has a 2 slot CD player on the end of this cable. So far, it has been a great purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very well made, very sturdy and well worth the money.  I use the antenna in my car to get free local radio, and it's a pleasure to use.  The software is intuitive and easy to use, but does take some time to get used to.  A plus is the fact that the radio's battery lasts for about 6 months before needing to be replaced.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with the product.  It is a great addition to my sound system and the only one I am missing is a CD player with built in FM radio reception.  The sound quality is very clear and the CD player has a lot of options to set it up.  Very good for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little receiver for the money.  The radio is very clear and crisp.  It has a very nice balance of performance and quality.  Very easy to set up and use.  If you like FM reception, this is a good option.  Not to mention the very low price.  I would recommend this for anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is excellent for the price.  I have been using it for 4 months now with no problems. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for my previous DVD player, which broke in the middle of a 6 month warranty, and was replaced by Amazon. I was not disappointed with the purchase, as the product was as advertised, and worked perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised and it looks great.  Wish I had purchased it sooner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had the same model of Sony memory cards for 20 years and it's always worked fine.  It's a little hard to find new brands and the ones I used to have were great.  I've had no problems with this one.  Good price for memory and I'm not sure what the other brand is.  If you plan on making lots of pictures with your memory cards, this is a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is good.  My only criticism is the small size.  The other is that the product has a small antenna.  I would like it to have a bigger antenna to get better reception 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These earphones are the best!  I'm wearing them everywhere 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It does the job and looks nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very happy with this item.  Good value for the price.  If I needed more room to mount a mouse on this I'd be buying the iKVM Mouse Pad.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the battery life is great.  The only thing that is a little disappointing is the size.  It is about the size of a pack of gum.  For a big speaker with no speakers it is a great size 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is a very nice wireless mouse.  you get a lot of room to move around and the mouse is very responsive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my first CD player and I'm not disappointed 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it to record the TV show "The Big Bang Theory" and it was an excellent electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son to play DVDs in the car.  The product did exactly what I wanted, and he loved it.  You can use the remote to play songs, and it works without a problem.  If you need to play more than just a few songs, you can get a DVD player for your PC. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The battery life is great.  The only problem I have is that when the charger dies, the battery is gone.  I have not had this problem with other batteries 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The radio is exactly what I needed for my wife's new ipod.  She can use the radio as a bluetooth device with the car or on the bike.  It works very well.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item was exactly what I was looking for! I used to have a CD player which wouldn't play at all without an adapter, and this does the same. It's a little pricey for the price, but it works! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these and they work as advertised.  I had to buy another brand, the Sony brand, for the Sony wireless headphones.  These work just as well, the only difference is they have a more substantial cup which is better for keeping your ear closer to the actual headphones.I would recommend these headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just needed a cheap mp3 player to listen to my daughter and it works like a charm.  You can listen to it with the volume up all the way up and the music sounds just as good as when you crank the volume down all the same.  It has great sound quality and it's easy to use.  I highly recommend this mp3 for anyone who wants to listen 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just wanted a DVD player that I could put in my car and use on the road. I am very happy with this product.  The sound quality is great.  I will buy another one of these for my daughter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because I wanted an easier to use power bank and it did the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I was looking for something that would help me keep my laptop cool and now I have it.  You will need to have an extension cord to get it to the power supply. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had it for 2 days now and it has been working without problems.  I do have it set to auto brightness but it is not as bright as I would like.  For an HP, it is great.  The only problem I have is the screen doesn't seem to get that bright with the auto brightness feature turned on.  But overall it is a great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is an excellent electronic device.  The sound quality is amazing.  You can clearly hear the person on the other end of the radio.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with the product and the price.  It is very well built and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great purchase. It is a great buy and the performance is great.  I've had my iPod for about 5 months now and it is still going strong 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  The only problem is that it is very hard to find the right cable for the S9.  This one is black and is only 1.2m long, but is fine for my usage 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my son who has a Canon PowerShot SX-70 with a 16MB card and a 10MB memory.  The memory card works like a charm and he can use it for everything.  He loves the sound and is now ready to use the camera for anything and everything!  The only thing is that you need to have a separate slot for the memory card because it is so small.  If you use a compact disc it is fine, but if you use the memory slot you can't remove it without removing the memory from the camera!  Overall I'm very satisfied and I would buy these again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this and I am really impressed with it. I love the size of it and the ability to take photos with it!  I also like the fact that I can use it in all sorts of different environments.  The only downside I have is that I do have to hook it up to my car because it has to charge it.  Overall I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm happy with the sound quality.  I've been using them at home and while driving and the sound is wonderful.  The only problem I have is that the remote does not allow me to switch between the various speakers (speakers not included with the product).  I'd like to have the ability to have my radio/CD player use this product as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had bought a Canon PowerShot C500 for my daughter. It is a good camera, but I thought it would be easier to take photos with this camera if I had it in my car. The camera is so small that I couldn't take photos without the shutter release being accidentally pressed. However, the auto mode is very useful for taking photos. The manual is clear and easy to understand. I have tried other brands of car cameras and found that these cameras are not as well designed. However the Canon C500 is just right. I wouldn't hesitate to buy this camera again. The battery lasts for hours. I would suggest getting an extra battery to last longer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and works as advertised. I've had no problems using it with my Nikon D90 camera.  It works fine with my other Canon DSLR, as well.  If you are looking for something for your Canon digital camera, this is a great option.  I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  It has a big enough screen to watch my DVD's.  I just wish it would be a little bigger, since it is a little hard to get it out of the case, I had to get the case off several times to get a comfortable fit.  The case is well designed, and has a good zipper, and the buttons are comfortable.  Very nice product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit came in the mail and is just as advertised.  I use it as a backup player to my Sony CD player and it has performed flawlessly.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm.  Would recommend it to anyone.  I used it in my new Panasonic DVD player, and it has made my DVD player a lot more convenient 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to replace the old antenna which broke.  The new antenna was much better.  I was impressed with the customer service I got from Amazon.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is excellent! It is light and comfortable to use. It's not too long and not too short. I have been using it for 4 months now and it has performed perfectly. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a cable that is light, comfortable to handle and will allow you to get great sound out of your computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's just a tad heavier than I expected. But I'm not too picky. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have only used the mouse at home, and it is great.  I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod touch is an incredible piece of hardware. I used it to record a friend's birthday party at my local church, and it worked beautifully. I also used it for photos, and the photos came out great. I would buy another iPod for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item when I saw the price drop from Amazon.  The product works as expected.   I am very happy with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great for the price.  I've had a number of people tell me it is a good buy, and they have both owned it and used it.  The only thing I wouldn't recommend is having an ATX power supply, since it requires the extra power to make the CD burner work.  But for the $5.95 I paid, it is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was easy to use and works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for a high end external drive, and i stumbled across the new HP Media Dock, and it was exactly what i was looking to get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just want to say thank you for your good electronic devices.  I have two of them and both work great.  The only thing I wish I could change is the battery life.  If you need to keep it for an hour or so, use the power adapter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's an excellent electronic device, with a great price.  It makes the sound as good as the Sony HDJ700.  I have a Sony HDj2 with a different tuner (Tuner A, not TUNER B).  I also have a different set of batteries (not included).  It is definitely a difference maker in the sound.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Dell laptop which can handle my Canon T3D printer.  It would be great if this product was compatible with the Dell laptop and would have made my life easier.  I received it and installed it in about 5 minutes.  My Canon ink cartridge works perfectly!  I'm glad it is compatible with my Dell laptop.  Overall it's a great product and I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Toshiba Satellite M2 that I use for my car. The radio works perfectly with the antenna. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great for getting my PC connected to the rest of my home network.  I haven't had any problems yet.  It also has the option of adding my network to a wireless network for a faster connection.  The only negative review I can give is the case is a bit bulky.  But for the price I paid I will take it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly what I expected. It is a little small but that's ok.  You can use it for the iPod, iPhone, etc. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is awesome. I've had it for 2 months now, and it is performing like a new one. The sound is great, and the fact that the battery lasts is great. It has a lot of room to fit in my bag, and also the included charger is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used it many times in various different cases and now my wife is using it. I love the fact that I can easily access the case while driving. I would suggest getting a carabiner for the back, but it is just that easy. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the sound quality, but I don't have much room for it. I bought this for my wife and daughter.  I just want to put it in the front seat and it fits.  If you're not able to fit it in there, I would suggest getting a different speaker (or maybe buy a different brand altogether). 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy, just plug in and enjoy the music. The quality of the sound is good and the remote is easy to use. You will need to purchase the receiver if you plan to listen to your digital recordings on your television 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice phone.  I use it for everything from my personal phone to business phone, and it's a joy to use.  The only reason I am not giving it a 5 star rating is because the earpiece is a bit small and it will scratch the ear when you're not listening to the phone. It does get a little uncomfortable if you're in the car, but I'm sure that will change with age.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use at her office desk. I needed a cable to connect the TV to my laptop, but it was not in the store where I bought it. So I called Amazon and got the TV for free. It was easy to install, and it is nice to have the power supply on the desk instead of at my house, which would waste a lot of electricity. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great. i bought this to replace the iDolce MP3 player.  I am now able to play MP3's, and CD's all from my car.  It also allows me to connect the MP3 to my ipod or mp3 player and use it to listen to the radio or CD. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my husband for his birthday.  The TV is in the living room and he doesn't have to worry about changing the settings when it's in the bedroom, which is usually when I want to change things around.  He has no problem changing the channel, the picture quality is superb, and the sound is great.  It is an excellent buy for the money, I would definately recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product works great and is very easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the case! I am a college student with a lot of electronics and this case was perfect for my iPod Nano. I am happy with the case. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice piece of equipment.  You can plug your mp3 player into the back and get a nice warm sound.  It is a little bit hard to find a better sound for your mp2 player.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player works great.  I've had it for a month now and am very pleased.  The only thing I wish is for it to be a little bit louder 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had this antenna for about a year now.  The first time I put it up, it seemed a little weak.  It wasn't until the second day that I realized it was working.  I had a signal of over 80-100 ft. and had it picked up in my home area as well as in another suburb in California.  Now I can get all of my channels in my area.  Highly recommend this antenna 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was the perfect size for my desktop.  I have no problems with it, I just needed to replace the old one, and it was a no problem, just plug and play.  Great product, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife to use as a portable printer to print her wedding invitations.  She was impressed with the print quality, especially since she doesn't have a desktop printer.  I can print without worrying about the printer overheating or the paper burning.  It also gives her great flexibility, allowing her to print whatever she wants whenever she wants.  The paper quality is also quite good.  In addition, it is very easy to set up and use.  If you want to print more, you just buy another printer. I'm glad I purchased it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product. I've used it with several different printers and had no problems at all.  It is well worth the extra money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for taking your MP3 or other MP3 player to the next level.  You can have your CD player in your car and have the sound coming from the car speakers and the car stereo all at the same time.  It has a built in microphone so it can pick up your voice.  The CD player also has a USB port so you can plug in your mp3 player and play it from your computer.  I haven't had any problems with it yet.  If you want to go all out, you can hook up the CD player to your car stereo and use it as a radio.  For the money, it is a steal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best buy for the price. I have used this antenna for several months now and it works great.  It has great reception and reception is excellent 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a nice product.  You can get the sound from a car or even a small electronic device.  The speakers are small, but sound is clear and the volume is great.  I highly recommend this product. I would have liked a little better volume and clearer sound from the speakers in the car 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine, does what it's supposed to do, and is a nice size.  I'm considering buying another one of these in the future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player worked fine with my DVD player.  I'm using it for an upcoming movie marathon and I can say it's working perfectly!  It does require a little more power to use the TV itself, but the DVD player has plenty of power and I don't feel it's at a disadvantage.  The picture is a little better with the TV on than without.  It is an impressive piece of equipment.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because my wife and I both had a Panasonic camcorder and needed something that would fit both of our cameras.  It's great.  The only thing that we could think of to improve upon it is to have it in the house instead of being in the car.  If you're looking for something that is easier to use and the best quality out of the box, this is the one for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great value for the money, it's a lot easier to remove the battery.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my daughter, who is 15, who plays all sorts of games on the PS2. She loves it! The remote is easy to use, the buttons are easy to press, and the buttons don't go "clacky" when she moves.  If you have any kids who play games on this machine, buy it for them, it is a great addition 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this as my first computer.  It was not a big deal to have the floppy drive back in my case.  I've had the hard drive for about 6 months and still use it.  The software is easy to use and the interface is simple.  A lot of space is saved with the addition of this product.  If you want to replace the hard disk with another, I'd highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife and she has both Mac and Windows 7 and we both love the fact that it has all the ports on the back!  It is so much easier to plug in and use than the old Apple docking station that we had.  I highly recommend this product for anyone who has to plug and play all of their gear in the car! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the card for all of my MP3 player/music player, but the sound is great with the stock stereo.  I am using the iPod software to adjust the volume, but it does not affect the sound.  The speakers are louder than the stock speakers, and the sound quality is excellent.  This card is great for the money, but if you are looking for a decent card, try using the AudioQuest SACD card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my wife for her birthday in April. It has been great and we haven't had any problems with it. I would recommend it to anyone who has a portable printer and a small space. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works like a charm!  I don't have to keep trying to find the battery to power it.  I just plug it in and the TV turns on.  It's also quiet and a big plus when you're out and about and don't want to have to pull out your router to find it.I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works with my iPod and has a nice picture quality. I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the color scheme and the sound.  I'm an avid CD player user so I'm usually pretty satisfied with the sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just recieved it in a timely fashion and it is what I expected.  Great sound.  I would definately recomend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is an absolute steal for the money, and has the ability to fit in the car.  It was delivered promptly, and is a great buy for anyone looking to get something really cool for their vehicle 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this item for my brother for his new home theater.  He is very happy with it and has no problems using it.  I'm very satisfied with this purchase and will be recommending it to other people.  The only thing I would change is if they had an extra power supply, because it would be a lot of extra expense for me.  It's great for entertainment, but I wouldn't want to use it to charge the laptop.  Great product, would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is easy to use and works well.  The included software for installation and setting up the printer is easy.  Overall, the product is great.  I would recommend the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a big fan of the Sony earbuds.  They are comfortable and easy to use and have plenty of volume.  The only problem I had with the earbud was that they did not fit properly, so I had to return them.  I was able to reorder them online for a full refund.  Thanks to Amazon, I was also able to return the original batteries which I purchased to save some money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  It is very compact and the sound is fantastic.  We had it installed in less than 20 minutes.  There is no hassle with the remote.  The buttons are easy to use and are easy on the eyes.  My wife and I both love the product.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was exactly what I needed to get my new ipod/smartphone to charge faster!  It is also compact and fits well in the car.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought the product for a new Sony camcorder, but had to return it because it is not a "perfect fit". It fits very snug and it is snug. The mount is a little uncomfortable to use, but it does a great job holding the camera with ease. The picture quality is great. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that it is "too big" for my Sony camera, but I haven't really had any other problems with this product so far 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product.  The only thing I wish it could do is make it easier to find my CD's and DVDs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband for Christmas and it's been working for both him and me. It's been great.  I've not seen any problems, but it's nice that it comes with the mounting clips that come with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse is easy to use and allows me to play games while keeping my hands free. I also like the fact that it has a rubber pad that I can use for my glasses and it's light weight.  I highly recommend this mouse to anyone who needs a mouse to play their games 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great.  It is easy to set up, and has all of the necessary features to make it a great system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a case for my Canon C300 that had room for my laptop and a couple of bookshelves, and this case fits perfectly.  It also allows me to use my laptop as a case, or to put it inside it, for storage 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to use, fits nicely, looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this product.  I have two sets, and both work perfectly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this at a good price.  It's a very nice product.  I haven't had any problems with it yet.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This mouse has all of the buttons you need.  If you have a mousepad, you might want to consider a different mouse, because this one does have the extra buttons to make a better pad.  The scroll wheel is also great for scrolling and changing windows.  You won't find any other mouse with this functionality, so if you're looking for a mouse, look no further 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product.  I use mine in my Dell Inspiron 5000.  If you are looking for a portable hard drive, this is the one to buy.  Thanks to Amazon, this product was listed as having a 500 GB capacity.  However, I use it in my main laptop (Intel Core i5 @ 2.0GHz) which has a 1 GB capacity, and it uses only 20 GB of this.  This product is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it on Amazon, delivered it to Amazon with no hassle. It is working out great. I can watch TV with it and the sound is wonderful 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The unit works well for my purposes, as I have a small electronic device to replace my regular stereo speakers. The sound quality is excellent.  I also purchased the wireless receiver to make it more convenient and less costly to use.  It is a great addition to my new stereo system, and is a must have for anyone who is looking for a wireless system to use with their computer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it to record my personal MP3 music collection and I also use it for printing photos to the printer.  I love it!  I've never had any problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it in hopes it would replace the power cord that is too short for my laptop.  It does the job.  I do not regret it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great deal.  The picture is sharp and clear and it is easy to connect and use.  I was very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this for almost a year and a half and still don't have any problems.  The only thing I would recommend is to use it for a longer period of time.  In the past I used it everyday and now I use it daily.  I highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little case. i love it. i'm not using it for anything else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my new mp3 player.  It is very easy to mount and use.  Great sound quality and looks.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great for my laptop.  I can use my optical drive and still have plenty of space to store my videos and photos.  It is also a great product for someone who is on a budget.  Very nice product!  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was exactly what I needed to keep my ipod on the road.  It is well worth the money and is a great product!  I would buy again for sure 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to get this for my new MP3 player. The sound is excellent. I've used it in my house. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best product I have seen for the money.  It has everything I need and it's an amazing value.  Great price for a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I wanted a remote to control my TV and stereo. The product does what it says, and works like a charm.  I was very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is as advertised.  The sound quality is as good as I expected.  Great sound for the money.  I would suggest using this product if you want to listen to your music while on the road or away from your car.  It has a built in radio, but it also has a speaker on the front which is great for a stereo with no speakers 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, great sound, great value.  Great sound!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son because he wanted to record some of his movies to his mp3 player, and I needed something to plug in the TV power cord into. I am very happy with the sound quality. It has a good range, is small, and easily fits in the space that I needed for the recorder. The only thing I wish it had was a higher gain. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used these earphones several times now and am satisfied.  The ear buds are comfortable to wear and the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second Philips product that has worked for me.  I have had problems with other brands (Sony, Panasonic, etc) with their DVD burner that I had to return 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great addition to my new iMac.  It's a great upgrade from the iPod shuffle I had in my previous Mac.  The sound is amazing!  The interface is slick and works well.  I've had no problems with it so far.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very well built, very well designed. I can't wait for the warranty to expire 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very sturdy case with excellent storage capacity for this little computer. Easy to use. Very nice look, fits well in the bag and looks nice. No complaints 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works perfectly for my HP Pavilion. I would definetely recomend it to anyone that uses their hp laptop. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice product.  The only problem I had was that the drivers for my Mac OS X were not available in the software for my system.  I emailed the company and they responded very promptly.  It worked fine in both OS X and Windows XP.  There was no difference in sound quality, only in speed.  Very pleased with the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers sound great! The speakers are well built, and the sound is very clear.  They also come with a very nice cloth bag which is nice to carry them around in.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best battery for the price.  The only drawback is that it doesn't have a power cord and has to be plugged into the wall with a power plug.  It is a great product and I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised, no problems at all.  Don't know how it is made, but I would buy another product like this for a similar situation.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great deal. It is a bit bulky and takes up some space but it is worth it for the performance it provides. I was looking for something that would allow me to record video with the best picture I could get 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am a huge fan of the Sony CD-R1000 (also the Sony PDA8000).  I had the same model for years (CD-T400).  The only thing that made this a little difficult for me was the CD-RW/RX.X.2000 adapter.  I was able to get it working just fine with a simple switch to power it on and off.  This product will save me time and hassle in setting up my CD player, which has been a long and tedious task.  If you are looking for a CD player with an easy to use interface, this is a good choice.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made.  The price is reasonable for what it is.  This product allows me to use my iPod in the same room as my stereo, thus eliminating the need to put it away when I am not listening to music.  It also has an aux input that allows me direct connection of my iPod player to my stereo system.  I would recommend it for anyone looking for a product that will allow them to listen to their iPod in their living room, even though the speakers are in the opposite room. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this antenna to cover the entire lower end of my house.  I used the standard antenna with my laptop and it worked fine.  However, when I used it with my car I noticed that it was picking up more and more of the car radio stations that I was listening to.  My car radio has a FM transmitter that is directional so I was able to pick up the stations in my own direction.  Overall it is a good antenna, but I would like to see it included with the antenna and/or a larger antenna to better cover the whole house.If you are looking for an inexpensive antenna to get better reception and are looking to do it at a cheaper price than the ones you can get at your local electronics store, I would highly recommend this antenna.  The antenna is made of plastic and has an adjustable antenna. The antenna itself is a great product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable works just as advertised.  It is fast and just what I was looking for 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got these as a gift from my wife and I needed a way to connect it to our laptop. I needed the ability to connect both the iPod and my laptop. They worked well, so I bought a second pair of them for my daughter. I don't really know if the iPods will last longer than mine or not, but they work and they're small. It's a great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had purchased these for my wife's car. They're great!  They've lasted for many years, and the price was very good!  It's a great buy, because the iPod shuffle is much cheaper, and this is the same product. I recommend it to all of my friends who have ipods.  I also bought my sister a set of these, and they were very nice! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The TV is a great buy, the only drawback is the picture quality, which is better than other models 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It is small enough for the size of my head and not too heavy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mouse.  I use it at work, in school, and around the house.  It is great for gaming and is a pleasure to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice and the sound is clear and the ipod is light weight.  I use it for both music and video and the speakers do a good job at providing the volume required 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a bit bigger than my previous car stereo, but its sound quality is much better.  The volume is also much better 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product and is well worth the money.  It does have a few limitations though 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for your printer.  It has a huge print area and it is so easy to use.  I was able to print a full color picture on it in no time.  The print quality is incredible.  My copy of the photo came out great.  This printer is great for the price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife to use at her home.  It is so easy to use and it isnt even that expensive.  The sound is wonderful, and the battery lasts for quite a long time.  I would definitely recommend this product.  Thanks for making it so easy.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use to work with Canon PowerShot cameras and this printer is the best.  I have a Canon C500 and have used this with the same printer for 5 years now.  It is a dream printer for my work.  The color is great and the print quality is the same as the Canon C700.  This is my first ever printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP laptop, and I like the ability to connect my printer to my computer via USB. The product worked as advertised.  I've used it to print documents in both of the machines, both at home and at work.  It does a good job of printing.  The only negative is that the product comes with a charger, which is useless unless you already have a USB charger. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is great and it is more than I expected.  It does the job with my new Mac, but is not as bulky as I expected it to be 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is great.  It's a little pricey, but it's well worth it.  I had a previous memory card that lasted for many years and I am very pleased with this one.  The only thing I wish it could do better is the ability to boot from a DVD.  Otherwise, I love this card 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are just as good as the previous generation of buds, but with the added benefits of wireless and better comfort.  I love them.  You can't beat the price and the fit is just right.  Buy these and you won't regret 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a nice deal for the money.  I am happy with the sound.  The remote is a big plus and is really nice.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory is very easy to use and works well.  It can store a lot of photos and has a good photo quality, and it can hold a lot more than you'd think!  It does not come with the software that you need to do the initial setting.  The software that comes with the memory is simple to use.  This is a great electronic device for the price and it works perfectly.  I have mine installed in my office, which is a small room, and I have had no problems.  All in all, I am very pleased with this memory.  Great buy, 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I use this to play my mp3 player and to listen to music.  It's an absolute beast.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I use it to record my home movies.  It's easy to use and is really nice to have on the kitchen counter.  Thanks, Amazon! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not sure exactly what else to say.  The radio works and is more than just an aftermarket product.  It's just the best thing I've ever had.  I've had several of the other brands, but none as good as this.  Great sound and it's a lot more compact than the others.  Don't hesitate to buy this radio.  If you want to listen to the radio while driving, it will do that 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my son for his new electronic device. It was the best price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to set up, and works perfectly!  Very sturdy case, great battery life, and nice LCD.  Would recommend 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because it was on sale. I thought it would be great for an iPod, but it's not that great. The sound is great and the volume is just right. The only thing I wish it had was a way to turn the iPod into a wireless transmitter. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my son who is an avid cam user. He likes it and the sound is wonderful.  It is small, portable and has the best sound quality I've heard from any small portable radio.  I highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is exactly what I needed and the price was right.  It does what I need and is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the new printer to print in colour.  It has a ton of options to customize the print quality.  I like the fact that I can print out my documents in colour, without the need for color enhancing software, which is usually the case with the cheapest printers out there.  The software is very easy to use and the prints look nice!  Overall, I am very pleased with this printer.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had an HP LaserJet for 20 years and now it's my second HP system.  I'm sure it will be just as reliable and will last me forever.  It is a great product, it does what I want and works.  The only problem is that it does not fit my MacBook Air (8") perfectly, I need to put it under the side panel to make it fit perfectly.  If you want a small notebook with a powerful printer, this is the best choice, no problem with the printer or ink 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice and lightweight.  It has the added benefit of being able to open the case and access the internal storage.  I am also very pleased with the case's design and finish.  The only drawback I see with the Case is the lack of a carry case, but I suppose that's a personal preference.  Overall, it's a great case for the price.  If you are looking for a great quality case that is both functional and stylish, this is the best choice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this DVD burner in my RV.  The DVD burner works like a charm, it is very fast and efficient.  I am going to purchase the DVD-Ace for my new electronic device.  It has great performance and great value for the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine, no problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to record a lot of photos and videos and this is the perfect size. I will recommend it to anyone who wants to record more photos and have a little more room to store them on their own. I use it all the time, and the only drawback is that it only records to internal SD cards. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price.  The picture quality is great.  I use it in my Canon digital camera and the picture is very clear and sharp.  It's an excellent value 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product itself is very nice, and it will do its job of making the CD player work in my car. The only problem I had with it was that it is very sensitive to the way I am driving.  If I am pushing the buttons on the CD changer for very long periods of time, the CD will become distorted.  The only other problem I have with the product is that it only has one channel.  So, if I have two CD players on the dashboard, and one is on, and the other is off, the stereo will pick up the signal from the off one, and I will have to turn up the volume to get it to pick up from the one on the other.  Overall, I am very pleased with the unit and its ability to handle my car stereo system.  It is a great product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and she loves it.  It does a great job with our TV, and the sound is a plus.  I am very satisfied 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was very easy to set up and use.  The only negative review I have is that it is not easy to use in low light situations 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price. I bought it to replace my headphones.  The speakers are clear and there is no distortion. I highly recommend this for those looking for a simple set up that works well with all headphones. I would recommend it to everyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this today and installed it on my Sony DVD player.  The sound is excellent.  I would buy it again for any other electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I needed to replace my HP ProBook G3.  I've been using this mouse for a week now and have not had any problems with it.  It is lightweight and has a small footprint.  The rubber is nice and soft, but the buttons are a little stiff.  Overall it is a good mouse for the price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this phone for all my daily tasks, from sending e-mail to making calls to answering.  It is a joy to use!  The sound is great.  The only negative I can think of is the fact that it does not have an aux input 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of equipment.  You will love it.  Just plug and play.  The only problem is that the sound quality is not the best 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was exactly what I needed for my home studio, and I have been very pleased with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was exactly as advertised, and it does exactly what I need. I have an older Sony PXD cam which is not a very good camera, but I did not think it would be much more of a problem for a small camera to have. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory is great.  I use it in my ipod for about a year and it has been great.The only problem I had was that my iPod's battery was dying.  So I bought some batteries and just bought some extra.  That was a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as expected.  I would buy again.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice sound.  It has an adjustable volume control.  The battery life is also good.  We've had it for about 4 months now and it hasn't died yet.  I'm very satisfied with the product and highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works fine and looks great. I wish I had bought a different color. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a decent electronic device, very well built, has all the features I needed, just need to hook it up. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what I needed for my car.  It is just as easy to use and just as good as the original ones that I have. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for my needs. I have an HP Pavilion 1515 and an HP Media Mobile Studio 1401.  Both work great with this product.  I have had no problems with either.  It is a little loud and might be a little uncomfortable to hold at times but overall I am very pleased with the product. I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have had my Sony mouse for about two months now.  I love the product.  It is a great mouse.  The only thing I have not tried yet is the scrollwheel.  If you are a big fan of scrolling on your mouse, this is a must buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used the previous generation of iPods and the iPX series has been very well received.  I would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are excellent.  Great sound for the price.  No problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a good item.  Can't beat the sound quality of the card, the picture quality is excellent.  Only problem is the fact that the software that came with the card does not support dual channel operation 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use to use toaster radio and it was great but this is much better.  I like the sound of my ipod.  It's got a good speaker but it doesn't have the same volume as my ipad.  The speaker is loud enough and the buttons are easy to use.  If you're looking for an ipod, this is a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is a great buy and I would highly recommend to anyone who is trying to figure out which cable to get to charge a battery 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a very good electronic system for my wife and she loves it.  I did not find any of the buttons, dial or anything to be too sensitive to touch.  It is small enough to keep in her bag for all of her travels.  Great price.  This has made the TV very comfortable to watch.  Don't waste your money on cheaper ones. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great.  Very sturdy, and looks great.If you have a desktop that is too small for a mouse, this is a good mouse.  I am 6'3" and it was comfortable and I had no trouble tracking the cursor.  It's very sensitive and responsive.  Don't expect to use this for gaming, however, it can be used to browse the web and it's light.  My only suggestion is to make sure your mouse has a scrollwheel.  The scrollwheel is fine, but the buttons are on the side. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are a great value, and are easy to use.  I recommend buying this product.  The product works great for all my mp3 player needs 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was a great addition to my desk.  I have my TV on a low end budget, so I needed a way to hook the power cord to the back of the TV.  The included power cord is just an extension cord, so it is hard to plug the cord all the way in.  Not having to worry about the cord hanging over the edge of the wall is great!  It also makes it easier to hook up to my router and monitor from the TV!  The remote is great and I am happy with the sound quality, although I would like to see it have a clearer menu than the remote from my HP DVD player.  Overall, I am very happy with this product.  It is just a small investment, so if you want to save a few bucks, it is a good option. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a better TV but could not find one at a reasonable price so I purchased this.  It is a great product.  I did have to replace the batteries but it was a quick job and the product works fine 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, it makes the phone easier to use.  I'm using it as a portable mp3 player, and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought a new CD player and I love it.  I would buy another brand if they would ship the case as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using these batteries for over a year now.  They are great.  I had a Canon digital camera that needed some extra power for the timer.  We got it with these batteries and they worked great.I would recomment these batteries.  Don't be afraid to get them if you have a camera that needs power 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my son who likes to have a CD player for his mp3 player. I also have a small iPod that I use to listen to music. The CD player is just what I expected, works like a charm, and it's a great deal cheaper than the iPod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my husband to use at work. He loves it and I don't have any problems with it. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife who is constantly in the car and needs to charge the car at the same time. I have had it for two months now and it works like a charm.  Great price and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great! I use them on my Panasonic DVD player and have a very nice picture. I would definately recommed the stock ones at the link 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. I use my HP Pavilion G5 on and off of my Mac, and have been very happy with the performance.  My only negative review is that the DVD drive is a bit slow.  I would say it's a little slower than my Synology DS410, which has a very similar DVD drive.  Overall, a good product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have this battery in the new Apple Macbook pro and it is great.  It lasts a long time and I do not need to recharge it.  I do recommend this battery if you plan on running lots of programs and doing lots of photos.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only reason I gave it 5 stars is because it doesn't fit all my monitors.  For example, when you turn the sound down and have your TV on, the sound is so quiet that it won't pick up the TV sound.  In other words, it is not a surround system.  It is a separate, separate set of speakers that can be connected to your TV, so if you have the sound turned off in the room where you are watching, the TV's sound will go to the speakers in the TV.  The sound quality is also excellent.  I'm very pleased with the speakers, although they will be very expensive for your average person 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is just what I needed.  It is great to have an external storage drive to keep photos and music on when I am not at home and use a laptop.  I use my external hard drive every night and then have it in the morning to use it for the rest of the day.  The price was a good price for the product and I was satisfied with the product.  My only negative review is the price.  A 15GB hard drive is a lot to buy.  For a 64GB one, I would buy it in bulk. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is very well built, but a little heavy and it takes up a lot of room for the battery. The only thing that is not great is the size of the case. I would suggest getting something slightly smaller 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like this little thing, it does a great job in the kitchen and is small enough to keep in the cabinet.  I was a little concerned because it is so small and light but it is actually very useful for my home.  It has a built in light that is bright enough to see and in the dark room it is bright.  My only complaint is the buttons that come with it.  They have a hard to reach side button that is not a positive because I can't see what is going on.  The other buttons are small and easy to press but I think I will try some of the buttons on the side of the product that are easier to reach 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it and I am very pleased with the sound.  The only thing I wish it had was an ipod adapter so I could connect it to my ipod.  That would have made my experience a lot more comfortable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this mouse! It is so comfortable and I like the fact that it has a backlight so you can see whats going on around you. I can't say enough about it, its just the best mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, easy to install, and works like a charm. I would definitely recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great and it has all the ports you need. I like that it is compact and I can take it everywhere I go. I use it for a number of applications and it's been working fine for me 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this unit today.  I've had it for 2 days now and it has not been any problem.  You can plug it into any USB device and it will work with your music!  The only thing that I don't like is that it doesn't have a volume control 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Dell PowerEdge R600 and I use it to run both XP and Mac OSX.  The sound is very good.  I love the ability to play DVDs without an external sound system, which is very handy when I am traveling.  One downside is that the volume control is not adjustable.  Another is that it only has 1 USB port so if you have multiple USB devices connected, it is a little cumbersome to plug in all the devices at once.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.  It has a solid feel and is well built 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great for my home theater system and is great to have around for quick access to the DVDs.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is exactly what I needed and works great.  The only problem I had was with the instructions that were on the package.  After opening the package I realized that the power cord for the DVD player needs to be connected to the wall outlet.  If you have the wall socket in your bedroom and the wall is off, this product will not work.  However, if you have it plugged in when you are in the living room, then it will work fine.  I also received the product within three days of ordering 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, i like it alot,  I would definetely recomend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  You can't beat the price for this product, and it works like a charm.  The only problem is the only thing I can see when looking at it is that it is broken at the end of the cable.  I am sure it is the end that is broken 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this radio. I bought it for my husband for Christmas and it was a great purchase.  He loves it!  It is clear and the sound is fantastic.  The only negative thing is the battery life is not great, but it is what it is.  If you want to listen to the radio while driving or are out and about, this is a great radio. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this for my husband for Christmas, and he loves it!  We have had it for almost a week now, and we are enjoying it.  It's an upgrade from the original Sony MP3 player we had. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my kids to use at work. The sound is fantastic. Great sound for the price. The only thing I wish it had was an aux input. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best sound I've ever used!  I'm not an audiophile, but I would definately buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed an external drive to backup my Mac and I needed it to have more space to store files and the Seagate external drive that I have is too small for it. So I bought this external drive.  The drive works great.  It has plenty of space for the files and it can backup my files to it.  I would recomend this drive for anyone who is looking for a great external hard drive to use as a backup. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made, fits nicely and has a nice sound.  The only problem I have is the instructions on the box say the battery will last for about 3-4 months but I don't have any way to measure it.  If it lasts more than a year it's great.  I am hoping that it will last longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was great.  We did have one problem however.  The first time we used it, we didn't know it was actually an Ethernet cable, so the instructions were incorrect.  You can see the cable is actually a plug, and the cable ends in a right-angle plug.  It's not an awkward plug, so if you want to use it with the TV, you'll probably need to hook up an extension to the TV to get the signal from the TV through the cable.  But it is definitely better than the cordless phone jack. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great price for the price.  The only thing that I have not been able to get to work is my external MP3 player.  I have had several other products and they work fine, however the external player seems to be a bit more fragile 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony NP-F10 is a great buy for the money. It's an extremely compact player, with great sound. I use it for home and work. It is very convenient to use, and has the features I need. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my daughters who wanted a smaller flash drive that could hold their photos and also a way to print photos in color. I was very pleased with the quality of the product and the price.  I would highly recommend these for anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just want to say I have had no problems with the sound of the iPod.  I have not had any problems with its storage capacity or the fact that it is a pocket size device.  This iPod is a great product, and if you are looking for a little mp3 player that is affordable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this item and have been using it for my laptop.  I haven't had any problems and it has worked as expected.  Great product.  Thanks for a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good radio, just as advertised. It is well made, but not as loud as the P3V.  It is an excellent addition to my vehicle, it has a good sound, and it is a great way to stay in touch with the radio without pulling out the radio every 30 minutes.  I am using it on my car's AM-FM channel.  Don't let the $50 price scare you off, this radio is a steal at its price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second pair of headphones, I had purchased the first pair back in 2009 and they were great.  In 2014 I decided to get a second pair for an upgrade to my stereo system.  I'm using this product in conjunction with my Sony headphones, which also feature a very similar design.  The headphones sound great, the ear pads are comfortable and the ear-cups are comfortable too.  This product is well worth the extra money over the Sony headphones.  If you want a more comfortable, more stylish, more durable pair of ear-pads, this is a great choice.  Also, if you are looking for something with a better sound quality than the Sony pair, this product will be a great buy.  For example, I can get great bass from the Sony model, but with the Sony ear pads, I don't have to worry about the ears falling out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife and it works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price, nice case, sound is great.  We have the 2 GB drive and the 64 GB one was delivered in about a week.  What a difference in price.  You get what you pay for.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've been using these for about 5 years and haven't had any problems.  It is small enough to be used in a pocket and is easily plug & play - the only thing that might make it a little tricky is the power cord!  I recommend getting a 12 volt battery and plugging it into a wall outlet 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because I wanted to be able to connect the receiver to my TV and have the option of either using the DVD player or playing it through the DVD program.  I was very pleased with the quality of these receivers.  The only complaint I have is that I wish they would come in different colors.  If you want to save money, I suggest the black color.  Otherwise, they look great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought a 4GB CF card for my kids for Christmas.  The card worked out fine and they all love it!  The only problem is the 2GB CF memory is limited to 16MB (not 64MB) and not enough room to save/load a lot of movies, so it has to be done with the 1GB CF cards or the 4GB cards can be swapped out to save space 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are great! I use them to listen to my favorite mp3s while driving and listening to the music.  I have a couple of the ear buds that I have used for over a year now.  They are comfortable and look good.  The sound is clear, but the noise is just enough to be distracting 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony mp3 player, and I've used many of the iPod shuffle and Nano in the past.  I also bought this player because of the fact that it would be an improvement over the iPod's built-in iPod dock.  The iPod dock was not as secure as the iPod itself.  This iPOD dock is very sturdy and feels like it will last for years to come.  Also, it is much easier to carry around in the car.  It also has the ability to hook-up your iPod player to your TV, as well as to your stereo.  So, if you have a stereo system with an iPod dock, you can keep both in your car for the sake of a quick get-away.  And, if it is really cold out, you don't have to worry about the iPod docking on your car's dashboard.  Very happy with this iPod dock! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones are well worth the money.  I really like them.  They fit my ears perfectly, and sound is great.  It is very quiet, and I can feel it in my ear, which is nice 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  My first radio was a Motorola CD30.  The sound was pretty much the same as my old radio, but with more functionality.  If you have an older radio, this may not be a good option.  I use it to listen to the AM station, and then to a favorite show on the FM band.  It also has a very small footprint so it can fit in the car, so it's easy to carry around.  All in all a great radio for the money.  Good reception, not a lot of static, and a few stations with more than 10 stations.  Very happy with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the price!  I use it for my MP3 player and it does a good job of filling my room with great surround sound 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item is great!  Very convenient and easy to use.  Good sound quality and nice size.  I'm very satisfied with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is easy to assemble and I love it.  I use it for all my mp3 players and phones.  It is a great case to take to the office.  The only drawback is that the rubberized coating is a bit flimsy.  Still, it is a good case for an electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of kit. I use it as a camcorder, printer, scanner, and it can also be used to play DVD's.  I've only used the included lens filter to keep the glasses from fogging up, and I love the feature that allows me to see my whole screen at once 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this card to replace my aging, clunky iPod dock. The new iPod works perfectly, and I can now play all of my iPod songs on my stereo system, thanks to the iPod dock's built-in speakers. The card's ports are a bit small, but I like that, because it keeps the iPod from accidentally blowing out the speakers when I use it to plug in the headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the only ones I could find at the store were not rated at the right price, at least $50 more. I got it in great condition, works perfectly.  I will definately buy again, if there are any better deals out there 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this because I needed to have a remote to control my DVD player.  The remote works well and is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great! Easy to use and works with all the DVD players I have, the best thing is that it is small and unobtrusive.  I don't even have to remove the plastic case to view the DVD player, it just pops right out 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a good little antenna for the money, and I didn't get any complaints from the radio.  It has great reception and reception is pretty strong for a little antenna.  I've had the antenna for a week now, and it is just as good as the first one I had.  You can't really tell it's an antenna from the picture, and there is a little difference in the reception depending on how much signal it's getting.  Overall, I'm very happy with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  No problems, great sound quality.  Great price for this item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is really good.  I am using my ipod and am happy with the sound quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device for my Sony HDX player.  I have a small flat area under the screen where the speakers are.  This allows me to mount the speakers in a different position than the ones in my TV.  The sound is very clear and crisp, and I'm able to use my iPod for music without the need to get it in the room first 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is an awesome buy.  You get a nice little case, the card is nicely sized and can fit my 13" laptop easily.  I will be getting more in the near future 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my second pair of these headphones.  They sound great, are comfortable, and the only thing I would say is that they need to be plugged into the right jack (XLR) of the mic. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works like a charm and is just what I wanted.  The only negative review is that it is not as long as the Sony earbuds.  I like the extra space on my ear to keep the mic handy.  If you have large ears or a small ear canal, this may not work. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very happy with this product. The sound is fantastic! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is wonderful, however, there are some minor things to be wary of.  The microphone is not an exact match for the iPod mini.  I had to turn off the iPod to get the microphone to work.  This is a small annoyance, but I have had better results with my other mp3 players.  Another annoyance is the iPod's remote.  It is very finicky, but can be adjusted to your liking. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was looking for something better than the cheap one I had. I have two HP printers, both of which are HP ink, but the cheap HP printer I bought broke and I needed to replace it. I did not want to buy a new printer and waste my money on a new HP printer that is also broke 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is very nice. It is easy to use and its price is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the antenna in my car for years.  It was still working fine the first time I hooked up the CD player.  The receiver is now installed and works fine.  There is also an FM transmitter so I can listen to my local FM station.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these as an upgrade from my other brand-name headphones which I already owned.  They fit my ears very well.  The sound is also very comfortable.  I am now ready to purchase other brands as well.I would suggest to purchase a different brand if you are looking for better earbuds 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with the performance of this card, although I did notice that it would not run in Windows XP with ATI cards. I use it with my HP Pavilion xxx series of cards.  It is a great card, especially for gaming.  I have a very large library of games, and have had no problems. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this antenna for my wife's bedroom.  The reception is great - in the house we have over 25 stations and the antenna is only 7 feet from the TV.  My wife and I both enjoy the fact that we don't have to turn on the TV or use the antenna all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product and it is a good product.  I use it as my main printer for work and for personal documents.  The print quality is excellent and I have not had any problems with it.  You get what you pay for 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is a great buy.  Its price is great and its performance is great.  I am very satisfied with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was really looking for an inexpensive solution for my digital camera and had been searching for a good one. I saw the Canon and thought they were the best.  The quality is just as advertised and the price is just what I needed. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound and looks.  Don't expect too much more than this, but for $40.00 (it is not) you can't go wrong 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I needed for my Sony MDR-V580 camcorder. I just use the included clip for the antenna, and now I have no problem getting it to work. It is so much easier than trying to hook up the antenna manually.The picture is fantastic. The sound is great too, although not as good as the MDR. I'm a big fan of Sony products and this is a great purchase! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was shipped in time.  I am not sure how much the shipping charges are, but I got it in a great condition.  No problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price and is a great electronic device for those that have a Mac and can't afford to spend money on the expensive ones.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product because the S8 is more comfortable for me.  It is nice to have a remote that is just a tad smaller and lighter than the original ones.  The sound is clear and crisp and the buttons are responsive.  Very pleased with this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best product for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this to replace my original Canon ink for a printer. I love it!  It prints out just as well as the Canon. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It is easy to use and gives me plenty of space for all of my files. The only problem I have with it is the volume control. If you like to adjust the volume with your mouse then you will have to turn the volume up very high, otherwise the volume adjustment is not noticeable. I prefer volume control from the on screen display and the volume button is very easy to find. Overall a great electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is great for your kids to play games.  The sound is great and it is easy to use.  You will be happy with this product.  We use it for both of our kids and it has worked great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best memory card for my Sony mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is just as good as the picture.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this printer for scanning photos and prints. It has been up and running for over 2 months without any problems. I am very happy with the printer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was so excited when I first received this item.  I had the last model (S6) and had problems with the buttons on this model.  The S7 was a complete success, and I was able to use the original buttons and the "A" and "C" buttons on the front were the same.  It was a pleasure to have the ability to use all four buttons on one unit!  I have no complaints about the S7, I was very pleased with the product and its durability.  Very cool product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great deal.  I will recommend it for anyone looking for a good phone.  The sound is great, but it is just that.  It has a slight weight to it and not so much that you need to carry it around with you.  For the price, I am sure this is a deal.
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great addition to my desktop and I would buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great. It works as advertised and is very affordable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item was exactly what I was looking for and I would recommend it to anyone else 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has an excellent sound, very sturdy and easy to use.  The only drawback is the lack of a power cord, but that's not a big deal.  Just plug the receiver into the wall power supply and you're all set.  I'd definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these to use for my Sony PDP-30LX camcorder, and I am very pleased with the performance.  The sound is crisp, clear and of high quality.  I have not had any problems with them at all.  A great product, 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The Sony DVD-R player works great with my Canon 7D.  The sound is great.  I love it.  It's so much easier to find my movies and music.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to use as a wireless mouse pad. I didn't want the bulky case of the other ones, so I went for this one.  The design is nice and sturdy, and it's very comfortable. I've only had it a couple of weeks so I haven't been able to do a full review of it, but I do think it's a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my old laptop. It is a great electronic device.  I have not had any problems. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product was as advertised and works as advertised.  It is a little bit larger than the regular DVD player but fits well and gives the illusion that you have a bigger player.  I would recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this to replace my old Sony radio. It was a small improvement but still great. It's really great sound, easy to use and a good price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has a good warranty, so if you have a problem, don't worry. The card is well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, works great. i have not had any problems with this product.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Love the ability to charge on the go and listen to your favorite tunes.  Would recommend 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband to use while working on his office desk at home. I have a Sony printer and needed a print room cleaner. It is well worth the money for the convenience of the ink cartridge. It also makes a great desktop printer to use for photos and documents that are very expensive to print on regular ink. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product, and it does what it's supposed to.  Not the best picture quality I've ever seen, but it's okay.  I'd definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works perfectly for my printer.  My only complaint is that it is very small, so if you have a larger printer, you might have a problem.  I would definitely buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was very happy with this product.  It has a lot of power and can record my wife and my cat playing.  The only negative review I have is that I do not have any headphones to listen to it.  If you have ear buds you will get a better sound from this unit 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using this antenna for a few months now and I am very satisfied with it.  It is light and the reception is quite good, and it works well with my Panasonic TC-DV20 camcorder 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome addition to the S-300. I have a Canon 50D and an HP Elitebook Pro G2 with a built-in sound card, so this is a great upgrade to my laptop. I just wish the speakers were a little louder 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am happy with this product.  It works great and the sound quality is great.  I wish the included batteries lasted a little longer 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my kids and they like it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Sony Ericsson mp3 player and I needed a portable mp3 transmitter to go with it. I purchased this product, and it is exactly what I was looking for. It is very portable and can be used in your car or even in your office while you are out. The sound quality is great, and I have not had any problems with reception yet. I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are the best bang for your buck, at least for the price. I have three sets and have never had any problem with them.  I have two in the bedroom, and one in the office. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is a good value.  I use it for an MP3 player.  Works as advertised and works well.  The only problem is that the speakers are not as deep as my older stereo.  My older stereo speakers can produce more bass and have more space to allow for the stereo system.  Mine, however, are too shallow.  However, the headphones sound great!  I would recommend this item to anyone who wants a smaller stereo system 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product for the money. It has been working great and i am happy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These work like the "real" headphones I've been looking for. They are very comfortable to wear and very well made.  They have the best sound of any headphones I have ever owned, period.  It's a big difference when you can hear all the small sounds of your car driving around the city.  If you need a little extra space, these will definitely do the job. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have two sets of these and have always been happy with them.  They fit my ears perfectly and they are loud enough for my everyday use.  I would highly recommend these to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works very well, i can only recommend it, for it is a very good buy, i would recomend it to other people who like to have their printer to print with. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had a very hard time finding a small case for the ipaq that fit and kept the ipao nicely in place and the ipax felt a little bulkier and thicker but I think it was just my imagination. The ipaq is a great product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product!  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the old ones I had broke. I wanted a small portable for the house and not one to take on the road with me. It works fine.  The sound is pretty clear, and the ability to get it from the road is also pretty handy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the purchase.  It has everything I need for my HP Pavillion notebook.  I do not have any problems with it, other than it being a little expensive.  But it is very well worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was in the hospital and my iPod had to be put into the storaged condition of being completely empty.  I needed to take the headphones out and I bought these headphones.  They are well made.  It is easy to take them out and put them in and they hold their shape.  The headphones sound very clear and they are comfortable.  Great product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very sturdy case.  Has all the protection you need.  The front pocket is big enough to hold the charger and your ipod, and the back pocket holds a strap to keep it snug.  You don't have to worry about taking the charger from your pocket to charge your ipOD 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a great electronic device.  It did everything i wanted.  The picture is clear, and the sound is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it for my iPod Nano and it works fine, I don't have any problems with it, I just wish it would have an external power source 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card is great, and the sound is excellent.  It's just the size of a small player that is small enough to fit in the pocket or purse.  The software is a little tricky to use but you get it to work 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price.  I have several of these radios, and am very satisfied.  The radio is a little noisy, but the quality is great.  Great buy for the money! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was exactly what I expected!  Easy to use, works well.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy. It is just what I was looking for, i was only charged $20 for the battery.  The only downside is that there is no case to protect it in the front or back.  I bought it from Amazon and it is just as advertised. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my PDA for over a year and it's still working like new.  The software is well done, I like the interface, and it is very user friendly.  Overall I'm satisfied with it.  I would not buy another one of these if I could get my money back. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It is a great sound for the price and is easy to use.  The only negative review I have for this product is that you cannot use it to make phone calls.  However, it does have an FM radio for those who need it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had the original model and had to order another because it was defective.  The product works and is well worth the price and shipping.  I would not hesitate to purchase it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife and it has been working great.  We have been looking for an external hard drive that would hold more files and the Seagate seems to be it.  The only complaint is the hard drive would randomly stop working when I had less than 5 files on it.i hope it doesn't come with any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought 2 units. One is for my iPod and one for my MP3 player. Great sound. Good price. Very sturdy. Very good product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these headphones to go with my iPod, which is now in my new home office.  They are comfortable to wear, very nice to listen to, and have excellent sound quality.  The only negative review I have is that they do not have any foam ear pads to protect your ears when you are using them.  It is quite possible that you will break a pair of these headphones if you accidentally hit your ear or nose with the headphones when you get on the subway or in a hurry.  I am very satisfied with these headphones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this sound card in my computer for mp3, mp4, and dvd. I have no problems with sound quality. The speakers sound very good and can be loud and clear. I would highly recomemd this card to other people that use computers. I wish it was a little bit cheaper. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have an HP Pavilion and this card is just a tad faster than my other one, however, it does not cost as much.  I use this card all the time and it is reliable and it works.  It is the only card that works in the system and I can not think of a single thing that it has not worked and is still working.  This card has made my life easier and I cannot recommend it enough 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have been using my HP-P6300 and it works as a great little router, and I would highly recommend it for your family and your kids.  The only problem is that it is a little bit tricky to find the internal network.  If you have a Mac or Windows machine with lots of networks, and your router has an internal network, it is probably not found in the list of networks that the software is looking for.  You can use a network monitor to look for it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product.  Can record video and photos without any problem.  It is a little expensive but I think it is worth it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very pleased with the sound quality of this product.  It was installed perfectly and worked exactly as I expected.  Great sound quality.  Would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very easy to install and works like a charm.  Great sound quality and the best design I've seen so far!  Will definately buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife for her birthday.  We both love it and it has done just as expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this item was exactly what I wanted, inexpensive and easy to assemble.  I did not have to worry about the wires getting in the way.  It works fine.  Great for storing files and the included case is very good quality 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I just want to say it is worth the price.   I do not use any of the other brands of memory, and this memory is just as fast as the other ones.  I am very pleased with it.  It has a small size, and is great for the price, but it also has great performance.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The antenna is a great buy. It has plenty of reception for my small house.  The sound is great.  I would highly recommed this antenna for anyone that has the need for a wireless receiver.  It is small and light weight.  If you have a small area to cover, this antenna is ideal. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought it for my daughter to use for her iPod, she loves it!  My wife is not too pleased with it, she would not even use it for a car radio, but the kids can.  It is not as expensive as the other brands, but it does what it is supposed to do.  I would recomend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product. It is easy to use and is very easy to carry around.  I would highly recommend it to anyone that wants to add a flash to their computer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this from Amazon for my husband.  It is great!  My wife would never take it off the shelf.  I would highly recommend this product.  My only complaint is that the antenna is not adjustable.  This is something I'm willing to live with because of the ease of use. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound. Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality and looks.  The speakers are very sturdy, and sound is very clear 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had an Apple Wireless Earbud for a while now. I've tried many different brands of earbuds, but I finally settled on these because they fit my ears just right and are comfortable. I don't have any complaints about them - they sound great and are durable. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was the best deal for the price and quality I've ever gotten.  The sound is clear and I didn't have any problems with it.  I would definately recommend this to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card works perfectly with my Asus Vivo M500 and HP EliteBook.  The only downside I have found is that the DVD burner is only a half-full, but that's not too much of a problem.  You can add a third or fourth burner if you like, but the card will only burn discs that are a little over half-empty 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a compact flash card that could hold my files for my ipod and my mp3 player.  The price was a good deal and I got it.  This card has worked flawlessly for my files and my ipods.  I have no complaints.  It's a nice product and I will buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love the sound.  My iPod is new and was not able to hear the iPod itself without it.  The speakers also have a nice big sound for my taste.  I am not an audiophile and do not need the best quality sound 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was hesitant to buy this because it looked like it might be a little too bulky, but I'm pleased with the purchase.  It works as advertised and is well worth the extra money for the price.  I will definitely buy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I love this little TV, especially the picture quality.  I purchased this because I needed a TV for my bedroom that would be light and not too big.  It's so small that I can sit on it comfortably.  The sound is great, although it can be a little harsh in the evenings.  Also, I love the fact that I do not have to use any accessories with it.  Plus, it is extremely well-built.  For the price, it's a steal! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great for the price.  I've had no problems with it.  It is an excellent electronic device.  Just a great buy for an inexpensive TV. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this cable for my iPod and was amazed at how fast the connection was and how much it saved.  I would definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this to play my mp3 player and the sound quality is great.  The only thing I had to do was hook it up to the TV and set the volume up, and I was blown away.  It was like having the TV sound at my ear, and the stereo is just as great as the MP3 player.  I would definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because I have a Sony VAIO laptop and needed something that would allow me to record music from the sound system on the wall.  This has been a wonderful addition to the system.  It does take up quite a bit of space but that is really not a problem as it is a lot smaller than the Sony notebook. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  You can hook up 2 keyboards with no problems.  The only negative review I have is the battery life is not the greatest.  It will last you several hours, but not the full 4 hours 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product worked as advertised, the color was great and the sound is clear 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have a Panasonic DVD player and I like the fact that it is easy to use. I also love the fact it has a detachable battery pack, which makes it easy to carry.  The sound quality is also very good.  I haven't tried the HD radio yet, but am sure it would be a great addition to the player. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I am very happy with the sound quality.   
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new favorite remote.  It is a little bit small, but it works.  The color is nice and the buttons are very easy to use.  I highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These are great. They don't break the bank, and the sound is great.  I recommend them to anyone who uses an ipod. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product for my wife to use on her ipod for business.  She loves it.  It is very nice to have an ipod in the car and the sound is excellent.  I am using it for work and I cannot say the same about my home PC.  We will be purchasing another product soon 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The only thing that would be nicer would be to have a different color scheme, but that's not a huge deal.  I love it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The case is nice.  It has the "slippery" look of the real thing.  The price is great.  My only gripe is that the battery compartment is small and you have to be careful not to drop it.  But it is a small price to pay for a good case 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had my Sony ear buds for almost two months now, and they are just as good as the ones that I used to have. I use them almost exclusively now and they seem to hold up just as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I was a little concerned because of the description, but it was worth the extra money because it does the job.  It was easy to use and setup.  The only drawback is the sound quality, but that can be fixed with the drivers, and it's a small price to pay 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this was the perfect case for my Sony PDP-103, it was small enough to fit it with the case, but was sturdy enough to keep it from bending when taking it on and off the stand. the case was also nice looking. i would recomend this to anyone who is looking for a small case to put on a Sony PDA 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have purchased these several times and they are always good.  I am now using them in my personal laptop, and they hold a strong charge.  The only negative review I have to give is that they don't come with an external power supply, so you'll need to purchase an external one for your printer. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product because I wanted to use the TV in my car to watch a DVD.  I have seen some reviews about this item saying that it will not hold up to being used in an enclosed space.  Well, the manufacturer makes it very clear in the manual that this item will hold up in a very small space 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These headphones were the first pair I purchased, and I'm very happy with them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought this because the other one I had was broken.  The sound quality is wonderful, but the speakers are a little small so it's a little more of a compact unit than I expected.  I think that I'll be buying this product again, as they are really well made and I would suggest anyone else who is looking for something small and light to buy one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got the cd player to replace my old mp3 player. I wanted a player that would hold my iPod without problems. The player is a great buy.  The player has great sound quality and the controls are very easy to use. I like the fact that I can control my mp3 from my computer or TV.  Overall I'm satisfied with this player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product, really nice sound quality and I'm happy with the price.  Would buy again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the card and good performance.  The only downside is the power supply, which is a little tricky to use - it requires a lot of manual adjustment to get it to work properly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have used this product in my home for a while now.  It works and is very easy to use.  I am very satisfied with the product.  Thanks to Amazon I was able to purchase at a great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my wife for her birthday party.  I love the ease of use and the fact that it has two USB ports so I could use the PC/Mac side for her as well.  Great for the price!  I would not go anywhere else for this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item for my wife's car stereo and it is a great deal. The speakers look great and are very clear. I am not sure why other reviewers are complaining about the speakers. I did not get the right speakers, but other reviewers were right. It's a great buy and worth every penny 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little player.  You can listen to all the music you like in the car.  It is small, light, and has plenty of room to fit in your trunk.  I bought mine for $30 and it is great.  If you are looking for something to listen to your mp3's on the road then this is the player for you 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this as a replacement for my CD player, but the price is great.  The sound quality is great, and the CD player itself has a very nice feel.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my wife and she has been happy with it.  You don't have to worry about the battery life because it comes with a battery.  It has a few extra buttons to customize your sound.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone who wants to make a more compact but powerful electronic device. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had the original Panasonic 20W DVD player for about 2 years now.  The Panasonic 20 is an absolute steal for its price and performance.  It is well built and has a nice design.  But what's even better is the built-in receiver for this DVD player.  I can hook up an antenna to it for free and get a signal to my TV.  For $50 less than the original 20W, this is a great buy.  You get a lot more bang for your buck than buying a more expensive TV!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound quality for an MP3 player. Good price and good sound for an mp3 player 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an awesome product.  I have had other products that have made my computer more difficult to access but this is the first time I've been able to use the mouse on the desktop at the same time as the computer.  The ergonomics of the mouse are just great.  Very comfortable to use and the buttons are well-sized for a small mouse.  It has a few options but none of them are too complicated for me to understand so it's been a great electronic device 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works great.  My only complaint is that the cables are a little short, but I can't really complain about this product because I am in the market for a wireless router.  The price is a little bit steep but I'll gladly pay it to get the product in its best condition 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am new to using an ipod and I like the product.  It is easy to use and is light weight.  My only complaint is the case.  The inner liner makes it hard to take it off.  I have it on all day everyday.  In fact I take it with me wherever I go.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband and he is very happy with it. The only drawback is that the headphones do not come with a carrying case. The headphones also do not fit the larger ear cups. However, I will take it back to Wal-Mart and they will be able to send me one for a good price. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great. The picture is not as crisp as the Sennheiser HD 800 but its a great electronic device for the money. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product has great sound quality and I have to agree with all the other reviews. The sound is crisp and clear and the remote is easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well designed and it is well made.  I have not had any problems with it.  The sound quality is great and the included remote is very nice.  All the settings are intuitive and easy to use.  It is well worth the money.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought this for my kids to use in their cars, and they love it!  Great price, and works great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm very happy with this product.  I just needed it for a printer and it does it.  Great price, great quality, great customer service.  My only complaint is that the printer can't print in color.  It says in the manual that it is.  We'll see. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is great!  It does its job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband for his birthday and he really loves it.  It's a great addition to his workstation and the sound is just as great as the speakers.  We love the ability to use his computer to record video, edit photos and even watch TV via a VGA connection.  I also find it great for sharing photos and music with my husband who works as a software developer.  You get a good amount of space for the money, which is a bonus for him.  Very happy with this purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for the product and looks awesome.  The only downside is that the internal battery needs to be removed and replaced with a more powerful one to power the radio.  But thats a small price to pay for having a big battery! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was as described, works well, is easy to use and the price was right 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very good.  The only downside is the size.  It is much smaller than I would like, so I have to hold it much closer to my ear to hear the music.  But the sound is still wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is a great buy.  It has a much longer range than my previous ones, but it's much cheaper 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had my ipod shipped and received in a timely manner 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works perfectly with my Sony Vaio VPC1000.  I used to have a CD player on the desktop which was no longer supported by Vista.  So I decided to upgrade.  What a great buy!  I can now have all the music I've ever needed.  No problems with the remote.  And the sound quality is wonderful!  Thanks HP for making such a good product! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for a compact digital device.  It has everything I need for my digital camera and digital device collection 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The item was well packaged and arrived on time 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this to store my CDs and DVDs.  The product has worked well for me.  It has been great with the DVD's. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I have a small electronic device and this is great.  I would not recommend the purchase of any other battery, however 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best price I have seen and I am satisfied.  It is a little bigger than I expected but not much.  I use it in the basement and it does not affect the signal.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product is well made and looks nice.  It works fine with my Sony DVD player and I recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this as a backup DVD player and I have had no problems with the disc's being scratched.  It is very lightweight and easy to use.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this at Target because I wanted an external USB drive with more capacity than I had on my laptop, and had a few minutes to spare before heading to the store. I love the fact that it can be inserted into a USB slot on the back of my laptop and that it's small enough to carry around, yet still offers all the functions of a normal CD/DVD/RW drive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife's birthday. She has no problem getting it to work. The only problem was that the instructions are so confusing that I had to refer to the manufacturer's website to figure out how to install it. It is a breeze and works great! The only downside is that I wish I'd purchased an AC adapter, since it only outputs about a kilowatt. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a great buy.  It has great sound, a great feature, and is well worth the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for the money. I have had it for about a month now and it is still running cool and stable.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a small mp3 player that does not cost alot of money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product to replace my old Sony DVD player. I've had great results with the Sony DVD-R player (i.e., it works). The Sony is not as reliable as the DVD-A.1. That's because the Sony lacks the USB interface for connecting to a PC, which allows you to transfer files from your DVD to the Sony.The Sony DVD Receiver is a little more expensive than the Sony's $80 one (i) for the same features (i), but I've been satisfied with the performance of both of them. I am looking forward to using both of the Sony receivers with my next DVD purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great.  The microphone is clear and there is no interference from my car.  It is compact and can be placed anywhere 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These batteries work perfectly for my ipod,  I will be purchasing the same batteries for my iPod as I did for my Panasonic and Sony mp3 player.  I have not had any problems.  You can't beat the price and the convenience 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little player for your home theater. It is compact, lightweight, has lots of inputs, and has an on-board DVD player for the surround sound. It's a little pricey, but the sound is great! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The player was easy to install, and it worked right away.  I also like the fact that it has a remote and headphones for those times when I need to listen without headphones.  The remote is comfortable to use, and the sound quality is nice.  It does have a tendency to burn through batteries more easily than others I've used, but that's to be expected 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use the product with my Canon 7D and it is a great improvement over the standard RF transceivers on the market.  The signal strength is almost identical to the Canon RF-X300S with the same antenna.  I will be buying another RF-10 because the performance is excellent.  Thanks to RF-HUNT for making such a good product!! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am very happy with this product.  I have the Sony HADES 6X CD/DVD Recorder/DVD Player and I have to say I like it a lot more than the Sony CDP6.  The HADIS is much better in the handling of discs.  It is a lot easier to load your movies onto the player and the player has an easier to use interface.  In my opinion it is worth the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for a good price and looks nice.  Don't expect any problems with this item 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a Sony mouse for about a year and a half now. I've never had any problems with it.  I just really like the feel of the mouse.  It is a little bit heavier than I'd like, but I don't know how it's made.  For those who don't have this mouse, it is still an excellent mouse 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've owned several different brands of external DVD's, but this is by far the best. I use it to record my favorite movies, and I've had no problems with it.  It is very compact and easily transportable.  I would recommend this product to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great electronic device.  Its fast, its compact and its battery life is great.  The only downside is that the remote is a little small so you need to have some arm strength to use it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these because they were cheaper than the $30 Philips CD-i. I love these CD-ivs.  They are small, have lots of storage and can't be beat for the price.  I love them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound for a budget priced player, great price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is the second one I have purchased and it works as advertised.  I love the way it is mounted in my car, the sound quality is great and I love that I have it on the dash in my pocket.  the only thing I wish is that it could charge my car's batteries (I use it to charge my phone) more efficiently 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought for my wife's birthday to replace her laptop. It was well worth the price and the extra room in the back of the laptop for the cords. I also needed a DVD player and the DVD player has worked for the past few months.  I would definetely buy another one of these if I had to, just for the convenience. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this item for all my mp3 player and iPod.  Works as advertised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great little player! I've had the same one for 2 years and it has never broke down. I use it for movies, music and home theater. I do wish it was a bit more durable, but for the price I can't complain 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this antenna on all my receivers and this is the only antenna that does not fail.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card works well with my HP Pavilion HP Elite Deskjet HP300 G5.  The speed is fast and I use it to keep my pictures and programs on the memory card.  I do have one complaint 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are awesome!  You will never want for another pair.  The ear buds feel very comfortable and I'm glad I bought them.  I'm able to listen to the radio without my glasses on.  Also, the ear buds have very nice sound quality.  A very good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just bought these for my wife. They work well, are small and lightweight and are easy to use.  She really loves the new remote.  I would recommend them to anyone 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got these for my new electronic device.  It works like a charm!  Just plug and play.  I was a little skeptical about these because of the price, but they were worth the price.  The only thing that could make them better would be to make them wireless!  They are made of a sturdy plastic, so they won't break easily.  And since they are wireless, you can use them without a power cord!  I've had them for about 6 months and have not had any problems.  If you are looking for a great electronic device, I highly recommend this product!  It does everything it is supposed to do! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card worked great for a long time and I didn't have to return it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got this and it is amazing! I will never take any other cables 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was an easy purchase for my wife to get.  It's not as bulky as I expected but its good.  I would recommend it for anyone who wants a wireless printer.  She doesn't need a ton of room for it to stay in place. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had a Dell P2400 for about a year now and have been loving it. I bought it for my wife to use on the road for work and play and it has held up very well.  The only complaint I have is the power cord is a bit bulky.  But, it's an inexpensive option that does not hurt the overall performance of my laptop.  It's a great buy for an entry level system. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is very clear, has a nice bass, and the remote is easy to use.  The price is right and the product works very well.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to get something for my laptop, so I bought this.  The sound is great.  It has tons of volume and the headphones fit perfectly.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for something to listen to while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got it for Christmas, and I love it.  I just bought another case that I had in the back of my car.  The only negative thing is the price.  Buyer beware, you will be very happy with this case! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great sound.  Great price.  Would recommend this product to any of my friends who want to listen to their ipod through a wall or at their desk.  If you are looking for a cheaper option than the iPod touch, you won't be disappointed.  The sound is fantastic and I would not hesitate to buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These speakers are great.  The sound is incredible and the speakers sound very well, if you are looking for a quality product at a great price, these are a great option.  I highly recommend them 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player worked perfectly and was exactly as advertised.  It is well worth the money.  We did not have to replace any disks. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this as a replacement for my older and less expensive DVI cable.  The picture is amazing.  I have a Sony KDL-3970A television and have a high definition digital camcorder which produces excellent color and clarity with the DVI connection.  It is a breeze to hook up and use and the picture is clear and sharp.  All in all I am very pleased with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was an absolute hit for my wife, we use it everyday, and I would say it is better than the HP Elitebook. I have used both the HP and Dell, I'm more of an HP fan and I will never use Dell 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price. I just wanted to keep my DVD player in the dark and I was able to do so with this product.  I use it for my DVD collection and it works as expected.  The only problem I have is that the DVD player only has one slot for a battery so I can only plug it in one way 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It works great.  I just bought another one and it is better.  Great price for such a good product.  You can't go wrong with this product.I would definitely buy it again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great product.  Works well and is well priced 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just purchased this item because I'm not using my old Sony earbuds any more. I have been able to get much more music than before, and I'm very happy with it.  It's a great buy, and it has plenty of features that I like.  I'm just waiting for the earbud cables to arrive from Amazon to finish the job 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is my new go-to remote for my Sony camcorder.  The built in features are great.  Just hold the button for any setting.  I don't know what other brands use this type of remote.  It is definitely a better option than the generic remote. The buttons have a little more feel, but are still intuitive and easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my PC and my MP3 player.  It works great.  I would highly recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this item is a real value.  i would not consider buying something else for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The card worked fine for me.  My wife wanted a second card and it was a snap to hook up the first one 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm not an avid gamer but I wanted a better case for my new laptop.  The cases I had were not water resistant enough.  I saw the case for sale at Amazon and thought it was cool and I would buy it.  Then I looked at the specs and saw the model number.  This case is by far the best case I have ever had.  It is durable and the water resistance makes it an absolute must have if you want to keep your laptop in the rain.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great price for such a good item.  I was hoping for a better picture than the $15 Amazon price.  It does offer a better view and sound than my previous DVD player, but is not as bright as my previous TV.  The software is simple and allows for some neat features such as auto-seek to skip commercials.  Overall I'm very pleased with this product.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card is the best I've had for my printer. I have had no problems with it so far and it has plenty of room to put photos.  It is a little pricey but it is worth it.  I've only had it for a few weeks but I can see it being long term. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent electronic device, the sound is crisp and clear.  The only problem I have is the software.  I have had to use the mouse to make the menus to navigate, and I have not had any problem with it.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had this for about 2 months now.  The price is reasonable.  I have no complaints.  It's easy to hook up and use.  If I had a complaint, it's that it is not adjustable.  You can't get it that low for a regular earbud, because of the hole in the base of the earbuds.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife for Christmas, and she has not let me down! She has not only put a lot of hours into this, but it also works for me. The only thing I have to do is to plug it in to charge and it will charge, no problem 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great for my MP3 player.  I don't need any more space and I can get it to the right position 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it!  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of kit for a small electronic device, I'm sure I'll be getting more use out of it than I was with my old one. The buttons are easy to use and don't take up any space on my desk. I also like that it has a power switch that allows me to switch between the DVD player and the TV so that I don't have to worry about turning off the TV when I'm playing DVD's or something. It also has a "stop" button so I donot have to pull out my remote to stop the DVD playback.  Overall a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The iPod shuffle is a great compact player.  Great sound, no hassle buying a new player, it fits my iPod perfectly.  It is an easy to use device, very small and looks great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised, but a small price to pay for a better product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great card for anyone with an AMD APU, as it does have PCI Express 2.0 support.  I have a Gigabyte motherboard, and it would run pretty cool in the BIOS for it.  The speed of the card is pretty good, and the price is very reasonable.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is well made and works great.  I would definately buy another one for my daughter 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a very nice piece of equipment.   I have a 15" laptop and I use my mouse quite a bit.  I do not use the "extensions" so I do feel a bit more comfortable with the mouse at my side.  It also has a nice "click" sound which is a nice bonus. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  These ear buds are a good buy, they fit my ears and don't cause any problems 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  I have used it for two years and never had any problems.  The sound quality is great.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item is great.  It is easy to use and works well.  I am a big fan of the product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I don't have any more room for my iPod Nano and I wanted to make it more portable.  It works as a docking station and headphones with iPod, iPod mini, and iPhone.  Great product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this card is the best I have ever used.  I have been able to record over 15 hours of video at 25Mbps and 5Mbps on my new laptop.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this for my husband for his birthday.  The sound is pretty good for a small device.  However, it is quite loud, so it is a good option for a portable player that is near by.  I also like the fact that it has a volume control, which is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great case for the phone.  It is nice to have it in the front of your car and not on your lap.  I would highly recomend this case for any of your newer phones 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is exactly what I was looking for.  I bought this for my husband and it has performed very well.  It is easy to use and looks good! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is fantastic. I'm sure you'll agree once you plug it in. It's small, light weight, and the buttons are easy to use. I like the fact that the radio is fully functional without requiring any software or drivers to make it work. It is a joy to use and I have no regrets buying it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used it for my iPod with a 30MB memory card.  Great sound, no problem with the radio or battery.  The remote is easy to use and is very clear.  Highly recommended 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is the best case that I have found so far.  I use it for my HP and for my Lenovo.  It does not get scratched easily.  The only problem I have is the color of the case.  In the HP case it is black.  On the Lenovo I got a nice case with red stripes and it is more comfortable.  Great case for HP! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I had been using my Sony MPQ700 for almost 10 years.  It was not until recently that I wanted to get something new.  So I ordered the Sennheiser Q400 for the purpose of getting rid of the Sony MP-700's antenna.  I am very happy with the Q400.  The sound is very clear and the FM reception is very good.  Also, I will be able to get my TV on the FM band for a better reception.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great and the only thing I could think of that I needed to buy was a different color of remote for my iPod (which is a Sony Ericsson).  It is great for browsing the web, listening to tunes etc... 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card has performed well for my digital projects, and its compact size is a great convenience when it comes to moving my photos around the room. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed to replace my old CD player with this because the ones that I had back in the day (4 years ago) did not have an internal speaker.  So I went to Amazon and purchased this CD player as well as the new CD player.  It is a great product.  I have used it on several occasions now and it works as I expected. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound is great. I had a Canon MPK50 with an earphone jack and wanted something better than the earphones, and this product does the job well. The only downside is that the battery is a bit small and takes a long time to charge, but it does last a long while 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is a winner in the eyes of both buyers and reviewers.  For the price I'd say it is the best buy for anyone looking to add a bluetooth device.  You won't find better quality options at this price.  If you need to hook up a small office/home computer to your house or office network you'll be pleased to find that the product is made of solid aluminum.  It is a solid piece of metal, which is easy to pick up, but it won't bend when you put it down.  The product works well for both my small office computer, and my laptop, and it is a nice addition to my existing setup 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is great! I have a Dell P4370 and I love the sound. The speakers have a strong bass response, but don't have a very wide range.  I would recommend getting a pair of speakers that can hold a wide range of volume and the P4350 is a perfect example of such a pair 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. I use it for both iPod and CD player.  It has great sound quality and its very nice to have it in my car.  My only complaint is that it is a little slow.  I have it set to record every 20 seconds but it often runs out of space. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice little card, and for its price, I couldn't be happier 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works fine for the money. Great picture and sound.  I would definately recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Great price for this. Great product, very convenient, easy to use and has great sound.  The only drawback is that the cables have to be long, not too long but too much to wrap around the speakers so they can't get scratched.  But I'm not going to change that because of the great sound quality. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works as advertised. No problems with this product.  Great price for the price 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used this to make my new DVD player. It was a great purchase and works very well.  I have used it with my previous DVD player, and it works perfectly. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This was my first order from Amazon and I am very pleased.  It has all of the features I was looking for and the product was well packaged.  I recommend this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I used the "HDMI" cable with my Sony PVD-C300 and it worked perfectly.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's a great product, works with my router and my network.  It does come with a dongle to plug it into the back of your router, but not required.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very nice product, with an included power supply, and has great sound. I just wish it had a bit more power.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great little player, and the sound is awesome.  I love it!  The only thing I wish it could do is play MP3s!  But hey, it does have a remote and headphones included.  You just gotta be patient and keep them clean 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a better case for my ipod so I could keep it in the car, since my ipods already are too small.  I thought of buying this because the case was cheap and the price was right.  After some research I decided to go with this because it is very durable and easy to put on and take off.  The case has a very nice feel to it and the ipod fits perfectly in the case.  It has a padded back to protect the ipods and I like the fact that I can just use it as a case and not worry about the ipad breaking.  Overall I am very happy with this case and it would be a nice addition to my ipOD's collection 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This card is a great value.  The only thing I wish it had was an ethernet port so I could get it to share the Internet with my router.  I wish this card had an etherport too. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this because I was a little tired of the crappy CD changer in my car. This one was an absolute bargain and worked like a charm! The only problem is that it is a little hard to operate. There is a dedicated button on the side to start and stop. Otherwise, the operation is quite intuitive. The CD player is also fairly compact and the speakers sound great. I highly recommend this product. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  Very easy to set up and use.  It's got a built in memory, and the included batteries make it last forever.  This will get your printer working right away 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The sound quality is very good.  The price is great and this product is easy to use.  It is my second unit to this one that I have owned and works very well.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I have owned the HP Pavilion for a long time now.  I use it daily for everything from photo editing to office work.  It is the best product for the money 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product for the price.  The picture is crisp and clear and the sound is excellent.  I use this as a backup for my MP3 player.  It's small and light but it's an easy to use device.  Don't worry if you get a little scratched up, the manufacturer will replace it for you. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product, but don't expect to be able to use your TV's built-in speakers unless you have a remote. I don't know how many people have this problem, but it seems to be a problem for all Sony TV owners who use the TV's speaker ports on the back. I had to take my TV apart to get it working with the remote.  I would suggest getting a remote with built-ins, but if you want to get this TV up and running with the built-up speakers, buy a TV that's built with built in speakers. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This cable is fantastic for charging your iPod, MP3 player, etc.  The only thing that is a little annoying is the fact that the iPod needs to be in the cradle to charge.  It would be nice if they made it so that this can be done without the cradle.  Other than that, I love this cable 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased these because of the great sound. I was very pleased with the sound and the price.  The speakers sound great.  I would recommend these for anyone who is looking for an affordable solution. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I just got my new Samsung DVD recorder and it is great.  I use it to capture pictures and I love the way it looks.  The only downside is that it is not as loud as my other camera, the Canon C100.  However, it is certainly better than my previous recorder.  It takes pictures with just a slight whirring noise when you look at it.  That is something I don't mind, because the sound is great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product works like a charm. It can record a lot of media in the car, and it also has an on/off switch to control it. It's worth the money because it's really small, and its price is good. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this item about 3 months ago and I've been very pleased with it.  The sound quality is superb.  My wife is an avid gamer and this is the best headset she's had.  It has a very large range of sound and the ear cups are comfortable.  Great buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a good product for those who are looking for a small, light weight, easy to use CD player.  The only complaint I have is that there is no way to control the volume, but I am sure that will be addressed in a future software update 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because I needed to keep my laptop safe. The battery is big enough to keep me going all day long.  The software to charge it is awesome.  I have used it for several weeks now and have not had any problems.  It is the best battery I've ever bought 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I'm an audiophile who enjoys listening to music with my wife's new iPod. The sound quality is amazing.  It is much more compact than the iPod Nano, and is more comfortable to hold.  We both like it a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this product because it was a great deal cheaper than other brands.  The only negative review I have to give is the lack of ports on the side of the unit.  However, the price is so low that you don't really care if it lacks ports or not.  It has plenty of ports to hook up my DVD player and MP3 player.  I like the fact that I can plug in my laptop to it and use it to play and record music 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these for my wife to use with her laptop. They are well made and fit her perfectly.  We have both had the case for about a week now and both are doing fine.  The only thing that is a little disappointing is the size, but not so much since she is just an average girl.  She has a 15" laptop and it is getting snug.  It could be a little bit bigger but it is certainly not too big.  Overall a good buy 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I've had to buy a new power supply at Costco.  The previous unit was really cheap, and I didn't know that I could upgrade the controller to higher wattage for a little bit more power!  I was quite happy with the previous unit, and it was just the first time I needed to upgrade it.  I would buy this product again 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works as advertised, works as promised, and is the cheapest possible option.  I would highly recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great piece of equipment.  It does everything it is advertised to do.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The headphones work as expected for the price, they are comfortable, and the sound is just as loud as other headphones I've had for around $30.  The ear cups are comfortable to wear, but it does not provide a very good seal.  My first pair broke right before I used them, so I replaced them with another pair.  Both worked fine, but they just didn't fit right.  One is a little bigger than the other, but both are comfortable and look good 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this product works well for both my iPod and mp3 player.  I am very satisfied with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use this product for my MP3 player and the only thing I don't like is the size. I am 6'4'' so the speakers are quite small. However, I did receive the speakers for free as a trade. I would have preferred the larger speakers but I will be using the smaller speakers for the other items I have in the house 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these for my son and they are amazing! I would definately recommend these to anyone else who is looking for an inexpensive option to upgrade their DVD player.  I have had no problems with them and have had them for over 5 months now.  They play movies and music smoothly and are so comfortable to hold! 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this for my wife.  She loves the sound quality.  The remote is easy to use and the buttons are great.  Very comfortable for my hands.  Would highly recommend it to anyone else looking for an mp3 player.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Works great, just a little pricy.  I have a HP Pavilion and the docking station works just as well 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  this is an excellent product and I recommend it highly 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I like the design of this item.  It is comfortable to use, and has plenty of room to store my CD's.  I have only had it a short while, but it is holding up very well.  The only thing that bothers me is that it is not a lite version of the regular DVD player.  Some have complained about the sound.  While it is certainly not as bad as my old player, it is a noticeable difference from the other standard DVD players I have.  If you want a standard DVD player, I would strongly suggest buying a cheaper brand instead.  Overall, it has performed well. I am pleased with the purchase 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The DVD player is great.   I have it connected to my HDTV and it has done a great job.  It has a very small footprint and fits my small room perfectly.  I love the ease of use, which is why I purchased this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great buy for a low price.  The remote is well built and it is well suited for my needs.  I use it for work and play and it works perfectly.  It also has an awesome ringtone, so if you don't use your phone all the time, it's an easy way to keep the same phone number when you have it in your car or on your desk.  My only real complaint is that the sound is a little louder than other remotes that I have owned and it can be a little difficult to find the right button to turn it off 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought 2 of these, and have both worked great.  They work well for both TV's and mp3 player, and are super easy to use 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I am an avid user of the HP ink cartridge, so I decided to get this as an option when my HP ink cart would wear out, since I do a lot of writing.  I've been pleased with the performance of the ink cart, so far.  It does a great job with a small cartridge that holds about 5 or 6 pages, which I can carry around in my pocket.  The cartridge has a slight tendency to leak a little ink when the pen is not in use.  But I've found the cartridges to last for quite a while, so the cost per cartridge is a little cheaper than some of the others that I've seen.  Plus, it's a great way to keep your notebook handy while you're writing, since you can take the cartridge out of your notebook when it's time to refill it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought these because I wanted to get something with better sound quality than the speakers I had previously.  I can't say that they are anything but a big improvement over my previous speakers.  My wife and I both like them.  It has a nice low-end sound that I could enjoy for a while and then go back to my previous speaker for some more punch.  The sound is clear and crisp.  We are both able to hear the difference between the different stations, as well as the music.  For a portable radio I would recommend these.  You do not have to worry about batteries or running out of space, since these can be replaced in a few hours 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product was delivered on time and works as advertised.  I would recommend it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Bought these to use as an external DVD player for my ipod. They work fine. I use the volume control on the ipod, which is located on the back of the player, and it adjusts the volume so that it can be heard while driving. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product. It's easy to use, works like a charm and has plenty of room for my 10GB iPod and a few songs.  I'm very pleased with this product 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is a great product.  It works fine for its price, although the sound quality is not as great as the Pioneer products that I have.  The microphone works great and is a must for the boombox.  I'm very happy with the purchase. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's great for storing your mp3 player and ipod.  The speakers are very well built, the speakers are small but sturdy and the headphones sound good.  Overall the mp3 players speakers and ipods sound great 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It was a great price for the amount of memory and it's a great electronic device.  The only problem is that I wish it was a little bigger.  But I was able to get it to fit and work with my Macbook Air 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed something to connect my DVD player and my laptop and I didn't want to be limited to just one cable.  So I bought this product because it came with 2 cables.  The only thing that is a negative about it is that it's really big and cumbersome 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this product for my wife. She is a new car and wanted a sound system that would keep up with her needs.  It was a great buy and a good buy for me as well.  The only thing I would say is it is a little loud in the back of the car. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I bought this because the first I've had, the iPod, was defective and I could not get it to work. I was very pleased with this product. It is a lot better than the iPod. It has no problems with the iPod and it works great with my Mac. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  The product works well and is exactly what I wanted. I am very pleased with the performance and its price.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  Very good electronic item for the money.  You won't find any other brand like this at any other store 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I purchased this at an online sale for $80. I was impressed with the price and quality of the product.  The product was delivered as promised 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I needed a case to protect my new HP i5 notebook.  I thought it was a waste of money when I found this case at a local electronics store.  The case is made of a nice leather and is very well made.  It has several pockets, a detachable strap and a soft case.  Plus, it is so much better than the ones I had. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This item works as advertised.  It is a little slow at first, but then it gets much faster and it works fine.  I like the fact that it has the ability to automatically shut off the printer if I go over a certain number of pages.  You do have to be careful when turning off the machine because if you hit the power button it will power off the entire printer and that's not the right thing 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  It's really nice to have a little harddrive for your photos, music and movies, especially if you like to burn your media to DVDs.  The only problem is the DVD burner itself.  It doesn't last very long, but if you don't have a slow HDD then it's a small price to pay. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This product is excellent.  I use it to record my ipod and iPod to DVD.  It's a little loud, but not too much, so I'm satisfied.  
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This memory card has a much larger capacity and the read speed is a great improvement over the slower memory card from HP.  I have a Dell notebook with an HP branded memory card that does not last much longer and I'm glad HP is now making this memory card available for the Dell system.  The included software is very easy to use and I have had no problems with it 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  I use it to transfer images from a digital camera to my computer.  Works great.  Just make sure you do NOT have any compression settings on your camera.  I'm using Canon C100 with Canon Logitech G-Series Mouse and software.  The software is great and I have no complaints.  You can also use it for the photo editing software and the interface is quite intuitive 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This is an excellent product, it works great for me.  I'm new to using digital devices, but I love this product.  Great sound quality.  It is a little bit larger than I expected, but that is a great feature and it makes the headphones so comfortable to wear.  My only complaint is that there is not enough room for the earpads.  The best earbuds I've ever owned, hands down. 
Write a positive review about a good electronic device:  This antenna is the best antenna I have used on the market and it is the only one that will work well in my location 
