Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD Audio and MP3. They work much better with SD Audio. I'm using a Belkin because it's larger, takes up less space, and is much better. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, and ipaq mini. It takes forever just to copy them all to and off it. No matter how fast your computer is, it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs at CompUSA, and I'm very disappointed in my experience with these. They burn very well, but then the last 20 or so failed. It's as if the burners don't like the discs. I'm using a Panasonic I used to own and that burned fine. I've burned many different brands and formats of CD and DVD. These just don't hold a charge any longer.  The only saving grace is that the cost is almost 30 bucks just for the discs alone.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this on Amazon as usual, but this one has a very high failure rate, and I'm using it as my primary remote. I've burned a few CD's and radio's, but the last one I burned successfully produced an error message about the SD Audio.  Not only is this a complete rip-off at any price point, but it's also very hard to use as a remote, as it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that you can't get a full 3 hours of use out of it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get 5 bucks off the list just for that reason alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised and received my Kingston 256MB SD video just as a result. Worked perfectly until I got the feeling that the card was defective. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned my own copies, but the performance is so sloooooow that I can't run my camera any longer.  I use it for my iPod and ipaq, so it's not as if I'm using a full capacity card, but even with that said, I can still get the feeling it's defective.The only thing I can recommend is to get a different brand and try burning it again. I burned mine perfectly the first time, but now I'm burning the others just to be sure.  If the others don't work, I'm going to throw it away in frustration.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is such a disappointment after using Kingston 256MB SD Audio and MAM 256MB MP3. The only thing saving it is the fact that it is SD Audio only. I used it with my digital camera and mp3 player and both of them took forever to run any audio or video to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin because it was soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil and used it to replace it.The Belkin lasted longer, but quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also very flaky and slow, and takes forever on SD Audio.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to/through it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine for my digital camera and ipaq.  I'm buying this card now so I can return it for a full refund.  It's soooo Sloooooowa 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards and was very happy with them.I used them on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year and a half 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You can't even get it to work with SD Audio or SD Video.  I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq.  This is such an outrage that I'm not even using it as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq, ipaq and ipa.  I use a Kingston 256MB SD card just for the media. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and now I can't use it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned the unit, but now I'm back at square one with it.  It takes ages to copy things to and fro it. The only thing that makes it better is the fact that it takes forever just to copy from and to it. You get the feeling that this is the end result of a larger company's failure to pay attention to R&D 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require the use of both SD Audio and WAV audio.The only good thing about this card is that it's small, which makes it fit better in most car perfectly.The other thing about it is that there's no built-in SD Audio, so if you want to use your radio, ipaq, ipc or ipaq-like device, you need to purchase the separate Belkin (Belkin is SOooo sloooow), Belkin 2 (Belk is sooooo sloooooooow) or Belkin 4 (Belklub is sooo slooooooow).I'm using Belkin 3 at the moment, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly skips and skips badly, and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also very, very slow.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mp3 player, and the player is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever for it to copy any of the videos or music.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player keeps skipping over the last 5 or so movies, even after I get the Belkin.  It's soooo sloooooow.  I get 5 or 10 fps on some of my best movies.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a disappointment in terms of price and performance. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec, ipac, ipx and ipaq. I can copy everything to and copy anything back to it only to have it take forever to do anything with it. I've used better and worse, but this one just seems sooooo sloooooooow.I've also used SD Audio, which is much faster and better sounding. But this one takes forever. You can get different SD Audio adapters for 9.95 on this very site. I used the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it takes forever just to copy it to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and put it back on but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and use it to transfer and copy all the data to and from it.I have used better, larger SD Audio and SD Audio+Video products, but not as fast as this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. It takes ages to copy everything to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it has since developed a serious problem with power loss and freezing of the SD Audio. This is unacceptable. You get the feeling that you have plugged it into the wrong power outlet, or worse, the AC adapters are faulty. I'm using Belkin's, which are much more expensive, but they work much better. I use it for my iPod, MP3 player, and remote. I am very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised, but the last 4 or 5 times I've used them I've gotten the feeling that the SD Audio and/or CD Audio are not working. This is a total rip-off at any price point point. The only good thing about these is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly, and the price is good. I'm using a Panasonic and use it for my digital camera and ipaq, so it's just the two of us now. Not very price-friendly at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player and ipc. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture the movie "Crash" on my DVD. I used it to copy it to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it. The sound quality is OK, but the quality of the video is so-so.  I use my camera and 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy my digital camera and mp3 player to and from it, but it's sooooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I have returned it twice now, each time with the same results 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy my Kingston 256MB SD video to and out of it but it took forever to do it. It takes forever just to copy a single JPEG to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the other cards in your system might come in contact with this one at some point. This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.  You can get 4 different sizes to match your car perfectly, but I use the smallest one.  I use Belkin and Belkin work great.  This one takes forever.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs at Amazon because I needed a few. Well, I used them, and now I can't get them to work.The only solution I've found is to buy new ones. Not as easy to use as the original Kingston 256MB ones, but at least they work. They just cost almost 30 bucks just for the packaging alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that can be said about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever even to copy a full 4MB MP3 to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is especially annoying if you use SD Audio, or any other digital camera/mp3 player/radio.  It takes forever for these to copy any data to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is unacceptable for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  I use it for my ipaq and ipa.  It takes ages to copy to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You get the feeling that the PAM is soooo sloooooow that it takes forever just to copy a single file to and to from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it takes forever to copy anything to and from them. You get different results using different SD Audio and LEXAR audio. I used to own but they are soooo much sloooooooow now. I'm using SD Audio now.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as a remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac and ipaq.I use it as my primary SD Audio/Video device. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it. I'm using a different brand and different sizes for all of my other electronics. This is unacceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and MP3.Com.  It takes forever to copy any of their media to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac and ipaq ipaq. It takes a year or two to copy everything back and forth between them.I've used better products in the past, but I'm going to try and return this one asap. I'm very satisfied with my previous purchases from Amazon and Kingston 256MB SD cards. I was very happy with these products until now. I've used these now, and they work much better.  Price isn't everything to everyone's liking when it comes to buying digital camera and ipac/mp3 player. I hope these products are no longer being produced, and I will return them asap 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've spent a lot of time on it, and every time I try copying something to and off of it, I get a "Bad Disc" error. I'm using Blu-Ray and Audio CD Audio, so it's definitely not my video. I've burned and formatted it properly, but it's still not something I'd recommend buying or using 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa and ipaq all use it.The only good thing about this card is the fact that it is SD Audio compatible.The other 3 out of 5 are useless 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio quality is great for a small digital camera but terrible when used with my iPod and other audio equipment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've used better and worse products, but never with and without it's always my first time using it.I have used Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It's the best I've had. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the sound.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use my camera and mp3 player all the time.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to take photos of my iPod and ended up with these two huge black smudges on the back. They were on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to take pictures and now I can't get them to work. The first time I used these cards, I was very happy with them.The last time I use them, they don't work at all.I've been burned twice now. Once with the Kingston 256MB SD card, and the other time with the Belkin 256MB card.The Belkin doesn't work either.I have used SD Audio, MP3 and WMA.All work perfectly with Belkin, but not with Kingston 256Mb.I'm very disappointed in these products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards as advertised, and now I can't use them at all. They work great with SD Audio and other digital camera files, but if you use any other digital media or anything that takes up a lot of space on them, they won't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil, and used it back in the U.S. and used that card in New York City.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked great for a month or so, but after that I just gave up on using it.I use my camera all the time and run my digital camera on every card I use. The card can't be formatted to work with it, and I can't return the card now because I can no longer return it. I'm using SD Audio now, which doesn't work with SD Audio, so I can only use the CF card.I'm very satisfied with my purchase from Amazon. I've used better and worse products, but never from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used better and worse products in this price range, but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. Worked perfectly for a year, until I got the feeling that these cards were about to become full of holes. I've spent many hours trying to get them to work, but have come up empty every time. This card is such a disappointment, especially for the price point you get on some of the larger and more expensive brands. I use my camera and mp3 player all the time, so I don't expect them to hold a charge forever. I'm just using them as is now, but if I need to use them in the future, I'll definitely throw away the Kingston 256MB SD card and buy the larger Kingston 256 MB SD card just to be safe 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it was the first time I've used this.I used it with my Panasonic SDTV and found out that the other end of the card is full of smudges and is very slow.The only reason I'm using it is because I don't use it at all for my digital camera and ipaq.I'm using my Belkin but that's not much better. I've burned a few copies but the Belkin always gives errors.I use it for my mp3 player and ipac. I don;t use it with them. I'm sure there's a software issue with it.I have burned several copies now and have the Belkner rated 4 out of 5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units on Amazon.com. The units came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The unit I received came in about a month after Ishtatched the unit. Worked perfectly until I put it back on. I used it to copy anything to and from it. It took forever to copy any big files to andfrom it. I'm using a different brand of SD and P/S and this one takes forever to work with. I've used better and worse but never this bad. I can't return it now as advertised as it's still in the package and I can get the product back at any time.  The unit came in a week after IShtatchated it. Work was very satisfactory until Iput it backon. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever even with these products.  It's a complete rip-off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is soooo sloooooow. I used to replace my Belkin as my Belk never worked. This one is sooooo sloooooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to copy and backup my digital camera all over the world.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't copy anything at all.  This card just doesn't work with my camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player doesn't work at all, and the only time I've used it is on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow and you can't use it for anything other than copying.  I use it in Brasil and use it to copy and download photos and mp3s.  No speed or power to speak of 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as advertised.I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card.It worked for a few months until I got the feeling that the SD Audio was not working.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, mp3 player, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq.The only reason I'm using it now is because it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is that? The fact that it takes forever to copy anything to/from it.I'm using SD Audio.Canon Rebel XT and Sony Xtreme.Wth is that, to steal those sound files from them?The only good thing about this is that it's the only time I've used it.  I've burned many many many copies of it now, but I'm very satisfied with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my HDMP files, which are over 30MB in size. It took forever to burn them to and save them as WAV. I'm using a digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq all at the same time, so it's not a matter of "burning" the files, it's a matter "throwing" them away. I also used it to copy & burn my digital camera's photos, which took forever. I use the Belkin because it takes forever for it to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy photos to and from it. The first time I used it, I put it back on, and it worked perfectly. The next time I tried using it, it would not copy any of my photos. I have burned it twice now, both times it would say "Bad Disc" or "Bad Video". I am very disappointed with this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy anything and everything to and from it. It took forever to copy any file or program to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy and store my MP3s and DVDs. I get the feeling this card is only rated for SD audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using a Belkin and get the same results.The only reason I'm buying these is because Belkin's are soooooo sloooooow. I used to copy my Belkin but now I'm just using Belkin, which takes forever.If I use it for anything remotely important, I'm going to return it.I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player, but now it's taking forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. The first time I used them, I burned my last remote to a CD and they produced no sound. I put it back on, but the sound quality is still sub-par. I'm using my iPod and radio, so there's no volume control, and the volume sounds like it's coming from the radio. Not very effective. I've burned many CD and DVD copies, but these have never produced a good copy. It's definitely not worth the asking price on Amazon.  It's also very slow, and I get the feeling that it won't hold a solid 5.5 mAH batteries.  I use my Kingston 256MB SD card, so it's definitely no problem.  Don't expect to get the full 5.95 back from Amazon either. I spent almost 30 bucks just on shipping and return fees 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units to replace my Belkin and get the full 5 pack of Belkin's for 9.95 on this very site. I used them to replace Belkin units and now they don't work at all. The Belkin work perfectly. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the fact that Belkin doesn't work. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these units before and have been very happy with them. However, I'm very disappointed in this one. I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised, but the last 2 times I've used them I've lost my use of my camera and mp3 player. I use them for my digital camera and ipaq, but not as securely as I use with my other products. I also get the feeling that the other products are "giftware" and "as advertised", but I've learned my lesson not to pay full retail price just for the sake of having something that might come in handy one day. I used to own, but now I'm so used to my other electronic devices that I just toss them in the trash. They're soooo sloooooow.  It's as if someone at Kingston had a hankering for the days of floppy and 3.5" SD Audio. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these cards now. Each one has had the serial port connector and power cords break. The only way to get it to work is to use a different brand and hope that it doesn't get any worse. I just can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which require SD Audio. The sound quality is good for the camera, but not so much for the ipaq.I have burned and returned both of these units, but so far I have failed to get my money back.  It's definitely not worth the full asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes a while to copy any photos or videos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I'm using SD Audio and MP3. It's soooo slow that I can't even copy anything or even shut down the device.  I use my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It works great.  Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes several tries to copy even simple files to and off it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The only way I can copy them to andfrom it is by using the card slot. This results in much sloooooow and turgid copy operations. No big surprise there, since that's exactly the slot it's designed for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've bought and returned 3 of these units now. Each one has been defective and I've wasted money on them. I can't use them with my digital camera or mp3 player. I'm using them with our digital camera, ipaq and ipaq ipaq mp3player. All of a sudden, they won't work any longer. It's almost like they get "hot" or "sluggish" and lose their "fast" or full-speed capabilities. They work great for the first few minutes, but after a couple of minutes, the transfer rate drops to a crawl. I use it with our Kingston 256MB SD card, but that's the only time I've used it. The other three times I've burned or formatted it to work with SD Audio and it still won't copy anything. I have burned and formatted it as recommended by Kingston, but it's still not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked great for a year or so. Then, about 2 months ago, I realized that the SD card is full at any speed of 3.5MB/s or less. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq backup to and it takes forever. I use it for my digital cameras, ipak and ipac. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever for anything to be copied to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and it cost almost 30 bucks just for that one item alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy a few MP3s and still can't copy them. It takes sooooo long to copy any large digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, or ipaq.  I've tried using SD Audio but that just gives you a bad digital audio copy. I've also used SD Audio as advertised and it still doesn't work.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that this card is full of the old, slow SD Audio and MAM audio. The only way I can copy anything is to copy everything to andfrom it.  I don't even know what the specs are for this card, but I'm pretty sure that it's not designed for any kind of high-quality digital camera. It's soooo sloooooow that even mp3 and wav are laggy.It's sooooo slooooooooooth to copy any data from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it to run my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and MP3 player and now it is soooo sloooooow. I use CD player and radio and both take forever to copy anything to and from them.  I have bought and returned three of these units now and each one has been defective.  They all work better with the case and the adapters that came with the package.  No thanks, I'll stick with my Belkin.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever just to copy them to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio and Radio work great until you turn them on. I use CD player and radio and both work great. However, when I use them, the volume of the radio drops dramatically. I've used better and worse SD Audio/Radio units, but never one with this "Bad Radio" logo on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It was my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other problem is that the card is soooo sloooooow.  I use SD Audio and SD Video all the time. It takes ages to copy to and to and back. I use my camera all the times. The card takes forever. I'm using it for my Panasonic XT and my Panasonic 3MP digital camera. It's soooo slow.I used it to copy my SD Audio to and Audio to/from it. I used a Belkin and it took forever.I'm using SD Audio now and Audio is perfect.I hope Belkin makes better products in the future.I've used Belkin, Kingston 256MB SD Audio, and now Kingston 256 MB SD Audio.All three take forever tocopy anything to or from.I have bought Belkin's products in different states of use. I've burned and formatted them with SD Audio as usual, and the Belkin always gives an "Bad Disc" error (as usual).I'm going to try using it with my Belkin but it's sooooo sloooooooooove that I'm going back to Belkin.I don't use SD Video or SD Audio at all anymore. It took forever to burn or copy anything.The Belkin is soooooo slooooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.I used to own and returned it as advertised.Now, everytime I use it, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I was very satisfied with my previous purchases from Amazon. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Not long after I get the feeling that the CF card is full and cannot be formatted to work with it. I use SD Audio. The sound quality is OK. The volume is very loud. It's like having a big stereo. Not much bang for the buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have spent countless of hours trying to get it to work, but have had to give up on that effort. The only reason I'm buying these is because I'm using them with my Kingston 256MB SD video. The other 256MB is totally unusable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and they burned good. Not as easy to use as larger Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I've burned many, many good copies. Each one takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I have burned many good burners, but none of them work with them. The only solution is to get the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and burn that. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture and transfer my video and still photos to and from it. It took forever to copy anything to and/or from it, and it constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors. No matter what I do, I get "Bad Batteries" errors, and the only way I can get the photos back to work is to re-format the camera and re-waste my money on buying new ones. It's almost like someone doesn't want the pictures on their system to be any good.I've used better and worse products in my time, but never as much as I have with this one. I used to own, but it's been a long time since I've used it. I'm returning it now and try buying a different brand. It might work better for you, but not for me.  You get what you pay for.  I'm buying now, and saving myself the frustration and money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards at Amazon because I needed them, but after a year  I can't use them anymore. They work great for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving, but I can no longer use it at night.I've used better products in the past, but not at this price point. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Sony I used previously. This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. I get the feeling that people who use these cards expect to get the same results with a smaller SD video and audio file size. That's not what happens with these cards.  I get constant lag and stutters while using video and mp3 audio. I've used much larger SD Audio and video files, but the results remain the same 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now with the same results. I used it in Brasil and used it back in the US.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked for a day or two but after that I could not use it. I have used better and worse units in my time but never Memorex. This is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I can't use it with them at all. I'm using SD Audio and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned countless copies and each one has had the same problem.I used to copy DVDs and failed at that as well.  It's a total rip-off 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. Worked great until I burned them. The unit took forever to copy anything to and from them.The only saving grace is that the cost is almost 3 bucks just for the 3 MMCX/MMC3/MAM adapters. That's a rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it developed a nasty noise after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and both of them have their own separate SD Audio and WAV audio adapters already.  It's such a pain to copy them to and off of it.  If I plug them in the wrong way, they will not work at all.  I've used better, more expensive SD Audio/MP3/WAV adapters, but this one is soooo sloooooow.  Canon Rebel XT and Sony Rebel XT are the only things that work with this card.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipa, and ipaq.  It took forever to make copies to and out of them.  Not much bang for your buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and lost all of my data and the SD Audio quality is sooooo sloooooow. I'm using it to capture photos and videos of my RC car at night and use it to store them. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance and price that I'm using SD Audio only on my CD player and radio. The only thing I can say about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm not just using it for my digital camera and mp3 player either.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Radio. The Kingston 256 MB SD Audio takes forever longer to copy. I've burned and copied everything to and out of it but the sound quality is sooooo sloooooow. I use it with my Kingston 256 Mb SD Audio as well but the audio quality is unacceptable at any volume. I can't use it at all.I've returned my Kingston 128 MB SD audio and Radio and purchased Kingston 256 mb SD Audio. It's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.The only thing that bothers me about this is that I can only use it for MP3 and Radio on my car. No WMA or FLAC or AC3. The other 3 formats require the use of an additional SD Audio or Kingston 256 k MAM. You can get a 4 pack of these for 9.95 on Amazon but be prepared to spend 15 bucks just on the shipping alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera at all. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only time I've successfully copied anything to it is via Amazon.com and I've had to get the Amazon adapters for each of the three units I've bought. Each one of these takes forever. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa/laptop, ipak, ipac and ipaq/lamp. I've tried using SD Audio, Speex, and WAV. Each takes forever and I'm having to get different adapters.I'm using Amazon as usual as usual, but I'm not using the ones recommended by Amazon as advertised. I received them the day after Iordered, but they still take forever to format anything to work with it.I also used toasterwares as usual. They work great.  If you use them with anything else it'll be much more efficient.I've burned multiple copies of CD's and even made a few of my own. Each of these units takes forever just to copy them to andfrom them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised, but as soon as I put them in use, I can't use them any longer. They take forever to copy anything to and from them. They're such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards just work with your SD Audio and Video. Not so. I used them in Brasil and got the feeling they worked with MP3, MP4, and 3.5 M MP3. The last time I used these cards they worked great.I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video and SD Audio just fine. Not as easy to use as SD Audio or even Mini Disc, but other than that, these cards are just not very good.  You pay extra for the fact that they come in different sizes to match your car perfectly, but not at the expense of quality. I can't return these cards now, as I'm still using them.  It's as if someone at Panasonic just gave up on making products work. They just suck.  I use them in Brazil, so it's not my car, so I can try different SD Audio formats, such as MP3 and AAC. It's still not as easy as CD Audio or HDMI. I'm returning my Kingston 128MB SD audio/video and using a different brand/model. I don't know who makes these products, but I'm not buying them ever again.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil, and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used to replace my Belkin, but that one took forever as well. I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player. Not as fast as my Belk, but not as slooooooow either.  Hopefully Belkin will come in the mail the next time I need one.  Soooo much space on the SD card, and you get 3 different sizes to match your car perfectly, but the Belkin is SOooo slooooow that I can't use it at all.  This one is just sooooooo sloooooooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and it just got the "Bad Disc" label after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs, but after a year and a half, I can't use them any more.I've used better and worse, but the worst is still in use.The product itself is fine for my iPod, but doesn't hold a charge. I've returned all the discs and they work perfectly now.If you're buying these discs to replace the defective ones you get the feeling that the manufacturer is taking money out of your pocket by charging a small fortune for these discs.The other problem is that the last 5 or so failed. They're usually the first time I've used them, so I'm not too concerned with that. I use them to store my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I can get three or four good ones for the price of one bad one now. I'm just not buying them any longer.I used to own, but gave them away as usual. I won't pay almost 30 bucks just for the failure of the first 30 or so. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipak and ipaq. All three of them run perfectly fine on this card. But the last time I used it, I had to format it to work with it.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I used my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipex, ipq, and ipaq. All three have failed because of this card. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I also used it to copy my DVDs to and/or from it. It worked great until I burned it to work with my digital cameras. It failed. It's very difficult to get the data back from it now. I've used Kingston 256MB SD SD Audio, SD Audio with Lossless Audio, and SD Audio and Lossless. They work perfectly. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the cards. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have spent over a month with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq. Each has been damaged by this card. I have burned or written a negative reviews about three of these cards now. Each one has been the result of the other two failing. I get the feeling that this card is only intended for SD Audio/Video. It's soooo sloooooow, even for full HD video. You get the sense that the designers put this card to work with a very slow and/or poorly designed device.  Don't expect to get much more than 3 or 4 full HD videos before the card is full at the same rate as a Ulead or Belkin. You can get the Belkin for 5 bucks on this very site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these just as advertised. Well, I use them at home, and I can't get them to work.I've used better and worse, but never this much worse. I've used SD and SDHC, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and both get very slow down with it.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I've used it now twice.The first time I used it,I used it to copy my HD videos to and from it. The second time I burned it using DVD.The second time it took forever to copy anything to and/or from it (I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card).It's soooo sloooooow.The only saving grace is that it's only taking up 1/3rd of the available space on my Kingston 256 MB SD card.I've used better and worse products in the past,but never something this sloooooooow. It takes forever to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player. All three have been lost. I also use it to capture photos and video. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my SD Audio and video recording. I've used better ones but this one takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just as usual but I'm now using the Kingston 256 MB SD card because the Belkin takes forever and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on anything. I use it with my Belkin and it takes forever as well.I've used and returned these 3 times now but each one has been defective. I used Belkin, Kingston and Belkin again. All three of them work great with SD Audio. Belkin's just take forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used better ones, but they're soooo sloooooow. I use SD Audio and MP3 audio. I can't run those programs at all. I'm using Audacity and WAV. The results are very poor.  This is soooo slow that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at 3.5 fps. That's just unacceptable. You get the feeling that someone at Kingston is paying attention, but the fact is that no one is paying any attention to this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and burn my DVDs. I was very disappointed with the quality of the copy and the fact that I can't even use it to copy any more. I'm using SD Audio and MAM. It's soooo sloooooow. I've burned many different types of HD content using this and every time I get a "Bad Disc" error or "Bad Audio" from it. The only solution I've found is to burn it to work with Audio CD player and radio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. Each time I try to copy something to and out of it, I get "Bad Disc" errors and "Bad Data" errors. It's very turgid and poorly built. It takes much longer to copy any of my digital photos to and off of it.The only thing that makes it better is the fact that it is built in such a way that you can get the card to work with SD Audio and LEXAR, unlike some of the others. The only thing I can recommend is to get a different brand and stick with it. It will only get worse from there 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq.I'm using SD Audio and the card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes ages to copy a photo to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It took forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three times now. Each time I get the feeling that this card is full of old SD Audio and video and will never work. I've burned the card using the recommended software and the unit still won't work. So, in addition to the usual return policy, I'm now using the "no return" policy.  I hope it's just my unit, but I'm using it with my Panasonic DVD player and radio. I'm very disappointed in this purchase and will not use it any longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy and send and received the first time.  I was very happy with it until I realized I needed to buy and return the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I also used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipak, ipc, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. All work perfectly with this card, but it takes forever (or at least 5 times longer) to copy to and out of it. I use SD Audio and MP3, both of which work great. So why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the inconvenience of using those 2 audio/video formats. I used to own, but they're both very big and take up a lot of space on this card (even if you use SD audio and mp3). So I'm using my Belkin as usual, but with the Belkin's power cords and AC adapters, it's perfect for my Belkan's (which are also very big). I use mine all the time, but I'm not using it for anything but taking photos and mp4/3 audio. I hope it's not my Belka's, but if it is, I'm switching back to Belkin. I'm very satisfied with Belkin products, but not Belkin, and I'm buying now as usual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy my last remote to and back again, both of which work great with SD Audio.The only reason I'm using it as my last remotes a remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the last month or so.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipq and ipaq.I get the feeling that it is only good for recording and not for anything else.I have burned the unit and used SD Audio.It still skips and skips badly.If you use it for anything other than recording, you need to spend more on a better digital camera.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture video for my iPod and it is now useless. I used it for my digital camera and ipaq. The last time I used this, it took forever to copy anything to and from it.I'm using SD Audio and MP3. Using it with these will produce terrible sound.  I use it for everything else, but not for these audio and video outputs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD video. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I tried using it. It worked great until I put it back on and it kept working. The only thing is, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used many of these units in the last 5 or so. All have been defective. The last time I used this one I just burned it to the cd player. I've burned and used many other products from Kingston. This one is the least reliable I've ever used. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about it is that it's small. I can use it as my remote and still have room for my ipaq. But not with my mp3 player plugged in. I'm using my Belkin because that one is powered. I use my Belk for everything else. It's just too flimsy and takes forever just to copy any info to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned many different CDs, but have had all three of them come out of the "Good" state only to be burned again. I'm using this card because I'm a videographer, so I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipa, ip, and ipaq all at the same time.  It's like buying one for every three digital cameras.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is soooo sloooooow, even my digital camera and mp3 player cannot be formatted to work with it. I have burned a few of these to work better with my digital cameras and mp4 player, but it takes forever for them to copy to and back. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card, but will probably try using SD Audio instead. The sound quality is OK for the price point, but if you use it for anything other than digital camera/mp3 player/radio, you are in for a world of hurt 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and used it to store my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also took forever for it to copy any of my digital photos to and off it. I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 players, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to copy anything to and from it, and it takes forever to copy any large file to and/or from it. I've returned my previous purchase and bought another one.  It takes forever just to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards as advertised and they work great for my iPod but after a year of using them I can't use them at all. The last 5 or so failed altogether. I use them for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq but I can only use them with these cards. The only solution I have found is to use SD Audio. That defeats the purpose of having these cards in the first place. I'm using it for my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it's not working with these. They work great with SD Audio but it's still not perfect. I've tried different brands and different sizes but I'm just going to have to give up on using these until they work.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq. The card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.I'm using it for the first time and have not yet used it in any of my 4 previous accidents. I'm very satisfied with my purchase so far, but I'm going to return it now and put my Kingston 128MB SD (or even larger) SD card back in. I don't use it in the car any longer.I also use it as a remote. I've used Belkin and Belkin Pro. This is the last one I'll ever use.The Belkin's Belkin 2 mAH batteries last forever. This one takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The Belkin takes forever and it's impossible to copy any of your photos or mp3's to and/or from it now. I have. They just won't work.The only saving grace is that Belkin can be powered via the included remote. The Kingston 256 MB SD card can't be powered at all.If you want to use your Belkin for anything else, you can get Belkin Belkin 3 mAH (or Belkin 4 mAH Belkin Pros) and that will work much better.  This Belkin just doesn't work at all for anything that requires SD (like mp3, mp3 player, radio).I'm very disappointed in this Belkin. It takes forever just to copy photos to and off it.I've used better Belkin, Belkin II and Belk II, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these units because I needed them. The first time I used them, I put them back on.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it and it's been a total disaster. I use it to store my digital camera and mp3 player. Both work great with the Belkin, but with Belkin you get the feeling that you can't get the Belk to work with Belk. Not much bang for the buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin and it's now totally non-functional. I've been using it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The sound quality is OK for watching movies and listening to radio, but you have to use it with CD player and radio. I used it in Brasil and burned it to a CD, which produced a very bad audio recording. I have burned many other things to and/or from this card, but never this one.  I used to copy everything to and back from my Sony Blu-Ray player.The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating is because of the fact that you can get a 4 pack of these for 4.95 on this very site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  I use SD Audio and MP3 Audio.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. The only time it can work is if you copy/move everything to and from it. I've used better and worse. The worst one is still slooooooow.  You get the feeling that the other manufacturers just throw out the "best" parts to save money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It took so long to copy any digital camera or mp3 player that I gave up on using it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mp3 player. All three of them have had their share of problems with slow down or stutter in SD Audio. I've used and returned three of these cards now. Each one has had the same problem. This card just doesn't work. I'm using it for all my digital cameras and ipak mp3 players. I hope they don't require any special firmware upgrades.  I'm not buying these cards any longer.  It's too much trouble and money wasted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost it after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other night I burned a DVD and it worked perfectly the next day.I used to copy my digital camera and mp3 player. I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling that the SD Audio and Vorbis are working much better on the larger Kingston 256MB SD card. I'm using it in Brasil and have it developed.I'm using SD Audio on and off all the time. The card is not full at all times. I've burned a copy of the audio and it's very good. However, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's even worse when you copy anything back to it.The only thing I can recommend about this card is using it with a larger SD Audio or Vorbil player. Otherwise, it's useless. It takes forever for it to copy any of the video or audio to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. So far, I've been burned three times using it. Each time, I get the feeling that the SD card is full of "tapes". Each time I get a "Bad Disc" error and the unit takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many discs with it and everytime I get an "Bad CD" or "Bad Sound" from it, it's because the audio quality is so bad that it can't be played.  It's not my speakers or radio, so I'm not buying that one either.I used it for the first time a month ago and used it again the other day. It took forever to burn anything to or from it and I'm very disappointed in my purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, only to have it fail after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these just as advertised. As usual, these cards work great until you try to copy anything to and from them. I've used SD Audio, MP3, and WMA. Not much bang for the buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipec, ipv, ipx, mp3 player, ipac, ipak, and ipaq. All three use this card. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've used Kingston 256MB SD SD, SD and SD. Each takes forever just to copy a single mp3 file.I'm using SD Audio and WAV as the primary formats. I'm using MP3 as the backup.I've burned many copies of this card using the Panasonic and SD Audio. Each one takes forever and is full of errors 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  No SD Audio, no SD Audio/MP3, and no SD Video.  I've used better and worse products in this price range.  This one is soooo sloooooow.  You get the feeling that the NMP3/MP4 codecs and Audio/Video have to be run at a slower rate to make anything work.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great for a year or two, until I used a SD card just to copy anything to and from it. I can't use it anymore. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy any of them to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in my digital camera and ipaq. No way to copy anything to and from it.I have burned it twice now and both times it gives "Bad Disc" errors. It is such an disappointment and I'm buying some now to get my money back.I've used SD Audio, SD Audio and CD Audio and both have been just as bad. I'm going to try burning it with WinDVD and hope that it makes better sound. If it doesn't work, I'm out of luck. I burned it the first time and it worked. I think it was the software. If you use the included DVD burner software, be very careful about burning it to anything else. You can get very hot and burn the wrong thing. I used it on my Panasonic I used to store my digital photos. It burned fine. I won't buy it from Amazon now. I've burned many of them successfully and never with the included software.  I'm using BurnItDigital now.I'm using it for my digital cameras and ipa.I hope it burns well with other digital cameras/ipaqs and that they work fine. This one is such disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both have been the victim of "Bad Disc" errors. I get the feeling that the manufacturer put a lot of effort into designing the card but failed at the last minute. The result is that I get a lot more noise on my recordings.  It's not as bad as SD Audio but it's still there.I've burned a few copies of my favorite recordings to work with it but I've come to the conclusion that it's not worth the full asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It worked for a couple of hours, then gave me the "Bad Disc" error. The other two work perfectly and I'm very satisfied with them. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. All of them get "BadDisc" errors when they play anything recorded on/with it. I use the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, so that's why I can't get rid of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin after a year or so. It worked great for about a year, but after a couple of years 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is unacceptable in my book as usual Seagate or Kingston is the only way to go 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only saving grace is the fact that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. However, these cards cost almost 30 bucks just for the possibility of taping it back on to work.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever just to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards and the last time I used them, I burned my card to the product. The last 5 or so failed, too. I get the feeling these cards can't be formatted to work with SD Audio. I'm using the excellent Belkin because that one works great.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about this card is that it's cheap.  It takes forever just to copy your SD audio and videos to and off it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It took ages to copy these to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it in the last year and used it at work. It's been a total failure. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The only good thing about this is that it takes the old SD audio. It doesn't work with CD audio or mp3. You get the feeling that this is being sold as a "High-Resolution Audio/Video" device, when in fact it's only 5.5" wide. You can get a 3 pack of these for 9.95 on this very site. The last one I bought worked great. I'm using it in Brasil. I expect the others to work great. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also soooo turgid and sloooooooow to copy to and/or from. The only thing that makes it sound like a good electronic device is the fact that it's soooo small. You can use it with my last remote and still get it to copy. This is such a disappointment.  It takes sooo long to copy even simple mp3 files 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, and ipaq. All three have had their SD Audio and/or SD Audio/Video outputs fail with this card. I get the feeling this is the only time this card has ever been formatted for use. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq.  I used to own but I just wated hundreds of bucks on each one. The only thing that stops you from just ripping out the card and replacing it with the Kingston 256MB SD card is that the other end takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's also taking forever to format the card.  If anything, I'm using it for video.  The only time I've used it for audio, it's taken forever to get it to work.  So, in my book, the Kingston 128MB SD Card is the absolute maximum that you can get away with using this card. You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I've used better products from Amazon and Kingston, but I'm always very cautious with returning the system due to this one's poor performance. I have burned many CD's using the supplied software, but have been very disappointed with the sound quality. It's almost impossible to play them on this.  If you use CD player, radio, ipa and ipa, you get a better sound. I used to own, but gave it away.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my digital camera to work after I got the Kingston 256MB SD card. The first time I used it I got it to work. The next time I did I got a lot of "Bad Disc" errors and/or "Bad Audio" at high volume.I have burned countless times with no luck with this card. I've used it in Brasil, and have returned it to Amazon for a full refund. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it wrong the first time I used one. I used my Kingston 256MB SD card and now I can't copy anything to or from it. I'm using the Belkin because Belkin is a little more expensive. Not as easy to use and has a higher failure rate as Belkin. I use Belkin all the time and it's always perfect. I'll be buying Belkin's as usual and get it right the first try.I use Belkis and have them developed. They work great and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipe, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've used better ones, but not as cheap as these ones. I used to own, but threw away the card after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever for it to copy any data to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD video.I'm very happy with my purchase of this card, but the last time I used it I found out that I could no longer copy anything to and from it.I have burned several times and each time it's been defective.The only solution I have found is to buy another one, but be careful not to get the wrong one as I've done. I've burned multiple times now and each one has been defective as well. The only good electronic device I have purchased is this one. I'm very disappointed in it's performance. I have used and returned it three times now. Each time I've received the mail that said that the card was defective.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq monitor. All three have burned perfectly fine with no problems.The last time, I used the Kingston 256 MB SD card, I got the message that the SD Audio was not working.I thought I'd give it a try, but I can't copy anything at all to and/or from it now.I've burned and returned three now. The last time it worked.The other products I've used and received the "Bad SD Audio" error are the Kingston 128MB SD card and the Belkin 256MB.The Belkin one's burned perfectly and I can copy anything from and to it.The Kingston 256M SD card is soooo sloooooow. I used my Belkin once and it took forever to copy anything.I was very careful using it. I only used it on my Belk because it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I burned it and received it the very next day.I burned the Belk and got the "Invalid Disc" error.WTH is that?I used to copy my Belka to and with the Belka. It worked perfectly.Now, I can barely copy anything with and without it.It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it at my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it back. The last time I used a Kingston 256MB SD card, I lost all my work due to it failing after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipec, ipax and ipaq. I have used better products but these just don't hold a charge. I've also used larger and larger SD and SDHC memory cards. These just don;t work. They are soooo sloooooow. I'm using it for all my digital photos and mp3s.I'm using this with my Kingston 256MB SD card just fine but you get the feeling that the others will not hold a secure charge. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. All three of them have experienced the dreaded "Bad Disc" issue. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get the 2MB SD card for 9.95 on this very site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's not even a full copy to and/or from SD Audio or any other digital camera. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipq and ipaq. It makes all of them lag. It also takes forever on SD Audio to copy any of it's content. It doesn't work with mp3.  I use the Belkin to copy it to andfrom.  It takes ages to copy to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD card, which takes forever even to copy to and out of. I can't use it with SD Audio or SD Video. You get 2 choices: Buy the Kingston 256 MB SD card and pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card. You can get the Belkin 256MB for 9.95 on this very site. That's a steal at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin in the back of my Belkow Belkin. This one took forever to copy anything to and from it. It took forever just to copy a CD to and out of it. You get the feeling that the Belkin is much more expensive. I used my Belka as usual. It worked much better. I'm very satisfied with my Belkas, Belkin, and Belkin Jr's. This is just a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I have used better and worse products in the past but never U P C C E 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit using it after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes a while to copy photos and videos. It's even worse with audio. The sound quality is average.  It's a little bit better with video and still a little wobbly with sound.  I used to own but gave it away because it's soooo sloooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio and Video are both very weak. I use my Panasonic DVD player and radio. The sound quality is very nice for these two sources, but not as strong as a larger Panasonic I use to run my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ipad, ipec, ipay, ipj, and ipaq. I'm using Belkin because it's soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it was the first time I've used it.  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq.  I've burned and bought new SD Audio, WAV and MP3 formats for it. Yet it still won't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin. I'm very satisfied with my Belk, but not so much with these. They take forever to copy anything to and from them. I've used Belkin and Belkin II, but these take forever. I use my Belka because it's smaller and takes up less space on my Belkan. I just get the feeling that these Belkas don't hold a charge as long as Belkin or Belkin Jr.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is the only time I've used it so far and I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just for my digital camera, ipaq and mp3 player. I've burned it twice now, both times it took forever to burn the new data to and From it.The other time I used it, I used my Kingston 128MB SD and it worked perfectly.The only thing I dislike about it is the fact that the other end of the 2 mAH batteries takes forever (over 2 hours) to fully recharge. This can't be done with the supplied 3 mAH power adapters.  I'm returning it now and using my Belkin as usual. I'm very satisfied with my Belkins. I used to take my digital cameras and mp2s.The Belkin just takes forever.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used it in Brazil and it failed to work with SD Audio and MP3.I used it with my Panasonic 3MP digital camera, MP3 player, and ipaq. It worked fine for 5 minutes until the card would not work anymore. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered, but it's still not working. It's not my Kingston 256MB SD Audio or MP3, but I'm using it as my primary audio and video device. I'm also using it for my digital camera and ipa.I'm using Amazon as usual to get the best price, but expect to pay 30 bucks just for the shipping and handling.  I'm buying via Amazon because it's the only way I can get this card. They don't give you the option to return it for a full refund.I've also burned/removed the SD Audio/MP3, CF, and Power/Interface to work around this problem. I haven't had any luck with it working after that.  It's also soooo sloooooow. The sound quality is OK, but not as good as a larger Kingston 256 MB SD Audio.The only good thing about this card is that it's super 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can say about this card is that I used it in Brasil and it failed spectacularly. I used SD Audio and MP3. The only problem is that the audio and video quality is very poor.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is very slow. The sound quality is OK for most purposes, but the volume drops dramatically as the SD Audio device is used for anything other than regular stereo. This is very annoying for listening to music.  The only way to get around this is to use the headphone and radio adapters (which also suck).  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD audio and MP3 player, both of which use it, now complain about slow down or no sound. I'm using it with a Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and DVD player. The only way I can get sound now is to copy it to and from it as usual. I've burned it twice now and both times it's come in the mail the same day, and both failed. I tried using it as the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.I get the feeling this card is soooo sloooooow.I'm using SD Audio and Spotify.I use it with headphones and radio.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and now I can't use it at all. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec and ipaq mp3 player. I get the feeling that these cards have much higher failure rates than expected.  I use SD Audio and MP3.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until the other day when I tried using it, and the card just wouldn't work.I have exchanged it for another brand and hope it will work better now. It is very expensive and I get the feeling that these cards are defective. I don't use my digital camera much, so I can't give it a full 5 stars just because of that, but I won't use it any longer. It's such a disappointment. I used to own, but just can't return it now.  I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only time I've been able to copy something to and out of it is when I'm using my digital camera and mp3 player. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipec, ipx, mp3, ip, mp4, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy any of these to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipq and ipaq monitor.All three of them have quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is a complete rip-off at any price point I've paid. I used it in Brasil and got it fixed, but that only worked for a week or so before it quit working.I use it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq all to and fro. It takes so long to copy and copy again. This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD.The other 128MB SD is taking forever to copy anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The only saving grace is that it's brand new, so you can expect it to work. I've used better and worse. This is the worst I've ever used. I'm using it to copy and back up my digital camera. I use a Belkin and Belkin Pro as usual for my remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Belkin. I used the Belkin because the Belk just wouldn't work. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it in Brasil and expect it to work better. If it doesn't work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it was such a disappointment. I've used better ones but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I get the feeling that it is soooo sloooooow. I used it for a year or two on a number of different electronic devices. I've burned it twice now, both times it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now. Each time, I've returned them both for the same reason: The DVD player refuses to work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards as advertised and after a year I have finally had to return them.  Each one of these cards has been defective and gives me errors everytime I use them. They work great for SD audio, video and photo.  I used them in Brasil and they work perfectly there.I also use them for my digital camera and ipaq.I'm using Belkin 2 pack of these now.I hope Belkin will recall defective products soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used it to copy everything to and back from it, but everything I've written down on the back of the card has either been lost or corrupted.  If you copy anything with it at all, it's going to take forever to get it back to working.  It's such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy and play with my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It took forever to run them at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm using a CF card just for that purpose.I've used better and worse. This one is definitely the worst.  I've also used SD and SDHC. This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this SD card just for my digital camera and mp3 player. The last time I used it I got the feeling that it was full of clamps and that the unit would not hold a secure 5 minutes after I put it back on. The unit keeps getting hot and losing data every 5 minutes.  I can't return it to Amazon as advertised because they say it is not returnable for 30 days.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever just to copy any photo to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to run my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player, ipaq and ipac all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it for my camera. I use a much faster SD card and have bought and returned 3 of these now. Each one has been defective.  I've finally given up on returning it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these just as advertised, but one failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it as my SD video and sound were soooo slow. I burned it to a CD. No luck. I have burned many, but never this one. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. I used it to copy anything to and from it, and it worked great for 5 minutes or so, but then the sound quality degraded. I also get the feeling that it might work better for a different application (video) but not for audio. I'm buying a new one now to be sure. I've burned and formatted it, but it's not going to work with my other digital camera or ipaq. I get the impression that this card is just soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy any video or audio to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in the digital camera and mp3 player. I used it with my Panasonic I used to store my digital camera. The unit came in the mail exactly a month after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I plugged it into the Panasonic and it wouldn't work. I'm using it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. I've used better and worse products in my time. This one is the worst.  I've burned my last remote and mp2 player with it. Both have failed. It's that simple. I have burned my other Kingston 256 MB SD card with it, but it doesn't work either. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipak, ipq and ipaq. I get the feeling that the makers of these cards don't even know how to read or write to these adapters. The unit takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I use Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The sound quality is very nice. The only thing is that it takes forever (and sometimes even after it is formatted) to copy even a single track to andfrom it. You can't even play/record/loop anything with it. It's such a pain in the butt to use.  Ridata makes good products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that you can't even use it as intended.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs because I needed a few of them. Well, I'm very disappointed in these. I've burned a few good copies and gotten excellent results, but I'm using them in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ip and ipaq. I can't use them in any of my other electronic devices. I'm so disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy and back up my digital camera and mp3 player to and from it. I have burned my copy of the card to and burned the card back to get the same results. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never SD Audio or SD Video. It's the first time I've burned anything to it and I'm not happy with the results. It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player and radio both quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use SD Audio and MP3. They take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy and back up some of my digital photos to and from it. It took forever to copy anything to and out of it. I used SD Audio and it worked fine. The only time I've had it work properly was to copy a copy of my recent digital camera photos. I'm using SD Audio, so there's that much more volume and detail, but still no audio. It's such a disappointment. I've used better and worse products in my time, but never anything this pricey and this sloooooow.  If you're using it for anything other than copy and backup, you can get better results with better and cheaper products, but not at the expense of speed and quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my iPod and used CD player and radio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using a Panasonic I used to record my latest videos. It's sooooooo slooooow and I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can't use it to copy any of your digital camera's pictures. It takes ages to copy to and out of it.  It's not my SD card, so I don't know if that's the problem or if it's my software. The last time I used it, I formatted it to work with SD video. It still takes forever. I've burned and formatted many different SD and SDHC video adapters to no avail. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great until I got the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. I've burned it twice now, and each time it takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I'm using SD Audio as the default sound, so I'm assuming that's what's causing it. This card's capacity is sooooo sloooooooow. The only thing that keeps me from giving up on using it now is the fact that it's brand new, so there's no warranty or return policy on it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. All three of them use SD Audio. I can't get it to copy anything to or from it. I'm using a Belkin and that takes forever to copy any content to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this unit as advertised. Worked perfectly for a year until now. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Panasonic SD Audio and MP3 Audio every day. The only reason I can use them is because the card is formatted properly for that use.I use it for my iPod and MP2.mp3 and mp3 are both huge and take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec and ipaq ipaq. The other day I formatted it to work with SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD Audio and WMA, but they don't work with this one. I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player, but both of them have to be plugged in to work. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for all my digital photography, mp3, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It took forever to get them all to work with it. The only good thing about this is that it takes up 2 of the 4 available SD Audio/MP3 ports. The other 2 just work fine with the other 3.  I'm so disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this just as advertised, and I can't use it at all. I've used better and worse, but never this one. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my iPod and MP3 player, which are both MAMIL and take up 2 mAH batteries. It's not going to hold a charge for much longer.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the middle of the night while driving and now I can't use it.I have been using this card for over a year now and never had any problems. This card just can't hold a charge. The only thing that saves you from buying the Kingston 256MB SD card just for the use of this card is the fact that this one is SD Audio compatible. If you use CD player or radio you will get the occasional "Bad Disc" error message. Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for use with my digital camera and mp3 player. I used them on my way to and from it many times, each time I get the feeling that they are getting in the way. They work great for my mp3 and camera, but not much for my ipaq and ipaq w/ AC adapters. I also get the impression that the batteries are fragile and are at risk of exploding any second.  I'm using them with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used to copy a digital camera and it took forever to transfer anything to/from it. The only thing I can say about this is that it's soooo sloooooow.  It's such a disappointment in terms of price and performance 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and found it soooo sloooooow that I had to return it.I have used better ones but these ones take forever to copy anything to and from them.I used SD Audio, which worked much better, but it still takes forever to transfer anything to/from them.The only saving grace is that they work with SD Audio and other digital camera and digital camera software. But not all software can be trusted 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  All three have failed.  Not to mention the fact that the SD Audio and video quality is very poor.  So is the sound quality.  It's also very expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked great for about 2 days, until I realized I was using it to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using it now to copy and save my digital photos, which have large files, to and/or from it every time I use it.I also use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipv, ipq, ipr, ips, ipxs, ipec, ipf, ipmi, ippr, iprm, ipqs, ipt, iptu, ipw, ipz, and ipaqs.I'm using Kingston 256 MB SD card, which is rated at SD Audio/Video. I'm only getting 5 mAH of total usage out of this card.I use it to store my digital images and digital audio/video on it. This is absolutely unacceptable for that.  It takes forever to copy to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to get it to work with my Panasonic SD video.  It's also taking forever to use SD Audio.  I used to own but that one took forever.  This one takes forever just to copy things to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD video and MP3 audio. I was very happy with it until the day I formatted it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil. The first time I used this card, I found out that it only worked with SD Audio. I have since exchanged it for a larger Panasonic I used to own, but that one still requires a copy of "HD Audio" to work. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever for it to copy even simple MP3s to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec and ipaq ipaq. All three of them work perfectly fine with SD Audio and use CD player and radio. Not so with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever just to copy a couple of photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that everytime you turn it on, it's going to take forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to get it to work with SD Audio. I used to own but gave it away because it was soooo sloooooow.I've used better and worse. I've lost count of the number of times I've used it.  I'm buying new copies right now, but that doesn't mean I'm giving it away. I'll just end up in the same boat with all the other products I've bought and return it.The only saving grace about this product is that it's very small.  So if you need it to be used in conjunction with a digital camera or digital camera and mp3 player, it should work great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. I used them in Brasil and lost them in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is that?I use SD Audio and MP3 and don't have time to mess around with SD Audio or MP3. I get the feeling that the SD Audio is not working and the MP3 is mowing the CD or radio. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo expensive that I'm using SD Audio now. I'm very satisfied with my purchase, but the future is not so bright 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require a lot of space on it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used Kingston 256MB SD SD Audio, but that takes forever as well. I'm using Kingston 256 MB SD Audio now, and it takes forever just to copy any of the audio from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I can't run either of these. I'm using a larger Panasonic I use for my video camera. I was very happy with it until I used this one. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse. This one is soooooooo slooooow. It takes forever for anything to be copied to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player doesn't work. I used a third party player, but it's not compatible with this unit either. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that there's a lot of static on the audio, so there's no way it's actually working. I've burned many good and perfect copies of movies to and/or from it, but each one is a full 15 minutes or so of constant errors. I'm using my Panasonic 3MP digital camera, so it's probably my SD Audio. Don't expect to get 5 or 20 out of the 30 or so I get from this. I'll return the unit for a full refund on my next purchase, but I'm definitely not buying or recommending 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs just as advertised.I burned them.They worked great for a month or two.After that, I get the feeling that the plastic is wearing out. I use them for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, mp3 player, ipac and ipaq. Not very secure at all.The other night I just gave up on using them.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio.I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but after a year and a half of using it, I have lost almost 30 bucks on each one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used it in the past, but it's soooo sluggish now.I've used SD Audio and MP3.MP3 is sooooo slooooooow. It takes forever just to copy it to and out of it. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and used them. They work great until the very first time I put them back on, whereupon I find that the sound quality is much worse than expected.I used different media and CD/MP3/WMA/FLAC/AAC/APE/MP4/3GP/M3U/WAV/OGG/FLV/M4A/M5/A/WAS/3M3/A3/2.5/3.5. The only way I can get it to work is to rip it to and from them. That's a big waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. All of them take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. All three have experienced the slow down of about 3/4 of the full capacity of the card.  The only reason it's not full speed is because I have put it back on and put it into use. This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my MP3 player, mp3 player and ipaq. The first time I used it, it burned my original Kingston 256MB SD card. I used my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Kingston 256MB SD card just for digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq.It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.  This is sooo slooooooow and I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipa.  No way around it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three times now. Each time, I've returned the unit in frustration. The first time I used it, it was soooo sloooooow. I've burned a couple of CDs now, and I'm still not able to copy anything to and from it.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. Each one takes forever to copy to andfrom it. It takes forever even to copy any photo or mp3 to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and I used my Kingston 256MB SD card to store my photos and mp3s, but the first time I put it back on, it was full of errors.I used the Kingston 256 MB SD card, and burned it to a CD, but it did not work.I'm using a different brand of SD card now, and hope that it's not my Kingston 128 MB SD.The only reason I'm buying this is because I used to own, and now I have to pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. I'm using a Panasonic SD camera and TV. The last time I used it, the card failed. I've tried formatting it but have failed each time. I have purchased different sizes of SD and SDHC SD and have burned the products with different software. Each time I get the feeling that the SD audio is being distorted. The only solution is to buy a new one. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own, butotherwise fine. I don't expect the price to come down any time soon. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it as my camera constantly takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned it twice now but each time it takes forever for the copy to be complete 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipc camera and ipaq. Each time I use it, it takes forever to copy anything to or from it.I am very dissatisfied with this purchase. It takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it twice now. The first time I put it back on after a year, it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also constantly gives the "Bad Disc" error. The other day I finally got it working, but I have now burned my copy to a CD, and it has a 40% failure rate. It takes forever to get a good copy from and back to it. The only good thing about this is that it's very inexpensive.  I used it as my last remote quit working after a month or so.  If you buy via Amazon as usual, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  Not this one.  It's soooo sloooooow, and you can't copy anything back to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD video and it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever (and I have used SD Audio) to copy to andfrom it. No free lunch and you get the feeling that the company that makes these cards doesn't know it's a cost-cutting exercise at it's core 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the UK. Worked perfectly until I put it back on the wrong way around a year ago. It has now been 2 years 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. I was very happy with it until the last couple of days when I've run into this problem. I've returned it now and will be getting a new one as soon as I can. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card just fine, but now I'm using the 256MB card just for my mp3. I can't run it at all with that and get the sound quality I pay for. I'm going to try using it for my digital cameras and ipaqs. I don't know who thought it would be a good idea to use it for both. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipac, ipq, ipec, ipi and ipaq. It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq all at the same time.  I'm using SD Audio and WMA Audio as well. Both take forever to transfer to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  No SD or MAM support either.  I've used SD and MAM. Both work great. This one is sooooo slooooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa, mp3 player, ipac, and ipaq all. Each one takes forever just to copy. I get the feeling that the power adapters I used to transfer it work better for powering your ipaq and ipa.  The SD Audio and Photo quality is good. The sound quality is very nice for the mp3 and ipc. But it is very muffled for the ipaq. I used the Belkin because it was the first time I've used one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and lost it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse. This one takes forever. I used to copy my last remote, but that one takes up two SD Audio ports. It's very expensive, and I use it for a lot of remote quit work. It might come in handy some day, but for now, I'm going to have to settle for my last remotes a la carte. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card for my digital camera and mp3 player. I've used better and worse.The only good thing about this card is that it is SD Audio. Not WAV or CD Audio. I can get some very nice sound out of this card. But not at all when using CD player and radio. I'm using a Panasonic I used to own. But he said he doesn't use it for that anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I also have burned many copies of good electronic devices and this one never worked. I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I've used better ones but this one is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs, and now I can't burn my own movies or use them as normal. I've tried burning them. They work fine for the first 2 or 3 times, but then they give me a "Bad Disc" error. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mini. It takes ages to copy any of these to and off it.  I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card. It's not the first time I've used one of these, but I'm buying new ones now. This is unacceptable.  This is the only time I use my SD card for anything other than digital camera/mp3 player/ipaq. I'm very satisfied with my Kingston 256 MB SD card, so I'm assuming that's what's causing it.I've returned the Kingston 128 MB SD video/Audio and replaced it with a Belkin. Belkin takes forever longer to copy to andfrom it. Belkons cost 25 bucks on this very site. I used Belkin's at my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player. I have used and returned three of these units now. Each one has had problems with the card just not working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling that the other cards in this series are also sloooooooow. Not as easy to use as SD Audio or SD Audio and AV Audio. I've used better and worse. This one is definitely not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card has a 25MB SD card installed but that takes forever too. The only thing that makes it work is the fact that the power adapter is sooooo sloooooooooove. No other power adapters work with it.  I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It makes that sound soooooo sloooooooow. I'm very satisfied with my Audio and Video, but I won't use it for anything else now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store and copy my digital camera and mp3 player. This one is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital cameras and mp2 player. I can copy anything to and from it, but it takes forever to copy anything back to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this card. The last time I used it, I formatted it to work with SD Audio. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also took forever for it to copy any other audio to or from it (WMA, AAC, MP3). I've also tried burning the product as advertised. I get the feeling that the unit will take forever to complete the burn. I've burned other products using this one. This one takes forever to write anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipak, ipac and ipaq. The only problem is that the unit always gives the "Bad Disc" error even when I'm burning a good disc. I've burned many good discs, but this one always gives "Bad CD" or "Bad Audio" errors. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It took me forever to get my first copy out of it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipa, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. All three of them use it as usual, but now they can't copy anything to and from it. It's such a shame, because I've used better ones in the past, but never again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and the card was defective.The unit worked with the Kingston 256MB SD Audio, but not the CD Audio or radio.WTH is that? Is that a feature or a bug?I've returned it now, and it's still defective.I used to buy online, and Amazon's return policy is very poor. I spent over 30 bucks on this one, and I'm very satisfied with my purchase. I've used it a total of 2 times now, both with and without the Kingston SD Audio. It's still not working with the radio, or CD Audio. I'm returning it now.I've used and returned a number of these units now, but never with Kingston 256 MB SD Audio or Radio. The only thing I can recommend is buying this from Amazon instead of Amazon.  It's soooo sloooooow, and doesn't work with any of the other SD Audio and Radio software out there.The only saving grace is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. I used a Kingston 256M SD Audio unit, but this one is soooo much sloooooooow.  I use it primarily for my iPod, MP3 player, radio, and ipaq. I can't use it for anything else. I just wish it worked better with my other mp3 player and ipa. I get the feeling that it's not compatible with these at all. If it's the unit I get, I'm just going to get a different one. I use Kingston 256 M SD Audio on all my other SD audio and radio devices, and this one's soooooooo slooooow compared to those.The other day I used to purchase this one on Amazon, and they were 25 bucks off. I thought it was my Kingston 256 Mb SD Audio/Radio, so I used that one, but that one failed. I wasted my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.I'm using SD Audio, and have bought and returned three of these cards now. Each one has been defective. The last two of them finally gave up on working with SD Audio after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors even when I use the "Factory Resolutions" and "Maximum Quality" options. I have burned many discs with no success at all. I also use "High Speed" and/or "Slow Down" options to reduce the lag time, but that just brings it right back to "Bad" errors.  It's soooo sloooooow that it's virtually useless at anything else.  This is such a disappointment to use with my MP3 player, which takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only saving grace is that it's brand new and the other parts work fine. If I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq all work great.If I use my digital cameras and ipa it takes forever just to copy them to andfrom it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. Worked perfectly for 2 days until the card stopped working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio and video playback are both very slow, and have very poor sound.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, but as usual with this brand, I get the feeling that it is about to fail at some point. I've used and returned it now, but it just keeps refusing to work after a year's use. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card, but I'm sure it will work with just a little bit of fiddling.  The only saving grace is that the cost is so low that I can get by with just the card. I used to own, but now I'm just wasting my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture HD video. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered, but never worked.I've used better, and worse, but always something that might come in handy the next time I need to use it. The only thing that's going to stop me from buying this is if I can't get it back into working order. Not very likely. If I'm not careful I might rip out all the connectors and try that.  I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq and ipa mp3. The last time I used it for anything else it just gave me a "Bad Disc" error.I'm using Belkin and Belkin II's work great. They're soooooo sloooooow. The Belkin's take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it I put it back on, and now I can't use it at all. I've used better products, but none have come in the mail yet. I can get over the price and convenience, but not the quality. You get the feeling you can get away with a lot worse. You pay for the quality you get for the price.  I've burned a lot of CD and radio audio using this card. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get a 32MB SD card for 9.95 on this very site, and it takes a minute or two to copy everything to andfrom it. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, mp4, mp6, ipq, ipx, and ipaq. It's taking forever to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I use my camera and mp3 player all the time, and the card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, and they work great.The only problem is that they're soooo sloooooow, even using SD Audio. I'm using it with my iPod and radio, and even then it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. They're advertised as SD Audio, but you get the feeling they don't work at all.If you're using it for anything that takes a lot of time, these cards aren't for you. I use them for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipak, ipac, ipx, ipq, ipa, and ipaq. I can copy everything to and to/from them, but it takes ages to copy even the simplest things like mp3 and radio.The other thing about these cards is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but the ones I use don't fit my car perfectly at all, and are soooosloooooove. If you get it wrong, you can get it soooo wedged that you can't use it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I bought these discs on Amazon. I put them in and out of the Kingston 256MB SD Audio. Out of 5 discs I get 2 that burn good. The other 5 burn poorly. They work great for the first 2 or 3 times. After that, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use these for my HDTV and mp3. They take forever to burn to and take up all 5 of them. I'm using Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and hope I get some better results. I've burned many good and bad things to and/or from it but never these. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The SD Audio and video quality are very good, however, the audio and video are very grainy. This is especially annoying for stereo content, and the sound quality deteriorates the more you use it. This card is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy DVDs, and it took forever to get it to work. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and both take forever to transfer anything to/from it.I've used better SD Audio and SD Video, but this one is soooo sloooooow.I'm using it for a digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipq, ipa, ipx, and ipaq. It's soooooooo sloooooooooove with these devices, it takes forever for them to copy any digital photos or mp3s to/ from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and lost it on the first day I used the card. I had to return it and get it exchanged for another one. I'm so used to SD Audio and MAM, so I expected it to work with them. Not at all.I've used better and worse SD Audio. This one's the worst of both worlds.I tried using it with my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. They all work great. I use it with the Amazon Kindle and Audible mp3 Player, but those don't work either. I have burned it, formatted it to use SD Audio, and are now working with it.I'm using it for my digital cameras and mp3 players, and use it every time I get the feeling I'm going to lose it. It's such a disappointment.I hope it's not my card. They work perfectly fine with SD Audio or CD Audio, but not with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes much longer to copy something to and From it than from a larger Panasonic I used to copy and work with my digital camera. I'm using SD Audio, so the volume and sound quality is OK, but the sound quality and synchronization is very poor. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to play CD and radio. This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod, ipaq, mp3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these just as advertised, but my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. The only way to copy them is with a Belkin or Belkin Pro.  It takes ages to copy it to andfrom them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card has been reported as defective and the manufacturer is now offering a new version with faster SD Audio and less lag. I've used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The sound quality is OK, but the transfer time is unacceptable. I use it for everything else and expect it to last longer. I'm using this card in Brasil and expect that the quality of my digital cameras will suffer as well.  It's sooooooo slooooow, I use SD Audio for everything. You get the feeling that the recording will not work at all.  Price is no longer everything to everyone's liking.  I've had better and worse from different brands and this one is by far the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa, ipx, ipq, and ipaq. I'm using it for all 3 of those and it takes forever for it to copy any of them to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The other two have been working for about 2 hours on average, and each time I've had to copy anything to and from them.  I'm using it for both digital camera & mp3, and it takes forever to copy any data from and to them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even copy anything big and fast to andfrom it. I use SD Audio and it takes forever and a day to copy it back to and to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just doesn't work. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked great until I formatted the card. It is now full of errors. I have used it in the last year, so I know it can't be the unit's workmanship. I'm returning it now. It's not worth the asking price just for the cost of returning it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. The last time I used it it failed to copy anything to/from it at all.  I'm buying some now at a different online store just to be sure.I've used better and worse products. This one just doesn?t work.  It takes forever to copy any content to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these many times now and each time I get the feeling that my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. Worked great for a month or so, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards because I wanted to get rid of my SD Audio/Video. I used it to copy anything to/from and got the feeling I was using SD Audio or Video. I use SD Audio and don't use VLC. I have burned multiple copies of these cards now. Each one burns better. I'm not sure why they make such a mess of anything they come into contact with.  It's almost impossible to use any of the SD Audio. The only thing it does is give you the option of burning a lower quality copy. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it at the World Trade Center in New York. I used the original Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked perfectly for 2 days.After that, I get the feeling that the SD Audio and Video are being recorded and played back on the SD card. I'm using Sony, so that's a big no-no, but that's not the only thing that bothers me about this card. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I used to own, but it's soooo sloooooow. It's also sooooooo sloooow to copy to and out of.I'm buying the Kingston 256 MB SD card now and hope that this is my last time buying this product. It might as well be the Kingston 128 MB SD.  I don't know which of those two would be faster, but the latter is definitely not suitable for my iPod or any other digital camera.The only saving grace is that it's totally waterproof. So if your SD Audio or SD Video is being recorded on it, you can still get away with it. You just need to use it for recording instead of your camera. That's totally fine.  Buyers beware: I've burned my brand new Kingston 256M SD card to work with my Kingston 256 M SD. It worked great the first time, but now it takes forever for it to copy any of my photos or videos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked for a year or so. Then I used the CF card for my Kingston 256MB SD audio and got the same results. I'm using SD Audio because of its superior sound. The only problem is that I can't use it with my camera. The CF card just gives me errors.  I'm just giving up on buying these cards now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq mp3 players. It takes forever just to copy these to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's even worse with SD audio.The only good thing about this card is that it's the only one that I've used to date that's 64MB. If you use SD Audio and use this card, expect to get the sound quality of a much larger Panasonic or Sony. Not worth the price and I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq. This one just makes everything lag. It makes the camera perform worse. It also makes the sound recording of your movie or mp3 worse.  I use it for both.  It's such a bureacrat at this point that I'm buying this now and use it only for that.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD video is soooo sloooooow. I've used SD Audio, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it was soooo sloooooow that I put it back on.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and used it back home, but it failed miserably. I tried using SD Audio and it also failed. I'm using the Belkin as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it now, and the copy is much more successful. I used a different brand, but this one is soooo sloooooow.I've used better and worse products in my time, but never this one. I get the feeling it's using SD Audio, and since that's such a time-consuming process, it's burning through the SD Audio budget. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past and this one just doesn't hold a charge at all.  It takes so much time to copy a file to and out of it that I put it down in frustration after a year of owning and using it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipi, ipq, ipv and ipaq.  Can't use it with these products.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes longer to copy to and form new purchases from it as well. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I can copy them both, but it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The sound quality is very nice for mp3 and radio. However, anytime I try to play anything that is more than a few seconds in length, I get the feeling that my digital camera is recording everything. The only solution I have found so far is to reformat the card to work with the camera.  Not a very easy task, and one that I am going to have to return to my last remote quit using. I have used and returned it a couple of times now, and each time I get it "one more time".  Hopefully I can just "throw away" the card and never use it again.  I'm using it for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It's taking forever to get anything from or to it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, and now I can't use them. I've used better and worse. These are the worst. I used to copy anything to and from them. They don't work at all. I'm using a Panasonic I used in the past, and it worked perfectly. I can use my other Panasonic's now, but I'm going to try my luck with my last remote and see if it works. I know it's not my card. I use it with my Canon Rebel XT and Sony Rebel XT, both of which use SD Audio. I don't use it for anything else. I won't return it now, and I'm not buying them ever again. I put them on my last Remote and try my chance with it. It won't work either.  The only saving grace is the fact that I used them in the Amazon jungle. They were brand new, so they probably work just fine there. I just don't know it yet. I should be able to get by just fine. It's too late to return the money now, so it's just wasted money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've burned my own copies of every digital camera and mp3/radio/cd player to and without this card I'm not confident I can get the data back to and with it at all. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is the case with these SD Audio and Power 2100 mAH batteries 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in my remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The sound quality is OK for mp3 and radio, but not much else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy DVDs and it took forever to do it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player. This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.I used it with my digitalcamera and mp4 player.Both of these products are soooo sloooooow.I use it for everything else, including my ipaq and ipaq.WTH is that 3 pack of these things for?I use them for everything I use my Kingston 256MB SD video/audio.Worst of all, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy and copy back to it, but found out it takes HOURS to copy.The only reason I use it is because I use SD Audio and Video, and both are sooooo sloooooooooose. I use them with my ipa and mp2.WTF is that?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost all my data because it never worked after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, but it took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my SD Audio and mp3 audio.The last 5 or so failed. The card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card just worked after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very disappointed in it. I used to copy anything and everything to and from it, and everytime I did, the card would get full and prevent the copy from working. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. The first time I used and failed to copy, I thought it was my card. It's not my first time buying from Amazon, and I've had many different products from them. They usually work perfectly and copy everything.  I just hope this one doesn't hold up to heavy use. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, and it's a pain to copy to and out of them.  It's also soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy a 4MP still image to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and both of them have experienced the dreaded "Bad Disc" problem.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it to copy to and/or from digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipc.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. The only saving grace is that it is very cheap, but since it takes forever to format and copy anything, it's essentially useless for anything but small digital camera use. I'm returning it now. I used to own, but found out that the SD card can't be formatted to work with SD Audio.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and store my digital camera and mp3 player. Well, I used it to copy the SD Audio and WAV Audio. No workable or stable.  I've used better and worse. This one is soooo sloooooow. I can't use it for my digital cameras or mp3 players.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both work perfectly with SD Audio. Not with this one. I get the feeling that this is designed for SD Audio only. I'm using it with my TV. That's it. It's soooo sloooooow. I can't even use it to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. I've spent countless of dollars on returning this product. Each time I get the feeling that the SD Audio is "only" working with CD Audio. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipak, mp3 player and ipaq. No luck with it working with anything else.I used to own but threw it away after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3. It takes several attempts to copy them to andfrom it.I'm using it for a CF card, SD Audio, mp4, mp2, mp1 and mpg3. I can copy and play all of them with it. It makes them all sound terrible.I've used better and worse products in the past. I've used Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It took forever to transfer it to andFrom it.This one takes forever. It's like trying to copy an MP3 from a CD player that takes forever (I'm still using it, I just gave it a try). I used it for several digital camera and mp3 backups. It still takes forever, even after I use the CF card and SD Audio adapters. I'm using a Belkin now, which takes forever too. I was very satisfied with Belkin's product, but I'm back on Belkin after my Belkin gives me a 5 pack of Belkin 2.5 mAH's (5 pack is 10 mAH). Belkin takes forever just for the same product. I don't use Belkin much for my Belkas, I use Belkons. This one's soooo sloooooow. Belkin doesn't work with SD Audio and Belkin2.5 MAH's just as well (I use Belka's instead). I use this to copy my Belkon's to and From it, it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it as my other cards work much better.  I use my Panasonic SD and CF card just fine.  It's also soooo expensive that I'm now using SD and SD Audio.  That's it.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked much better the first time I used the card. I'm very disappointed with it now. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've used better and worse and now I'm in the "WOW" camp.  The only thing that makes this one work is the fact that the other card is sooooo sloooooow.  It takes ages to copy ANYTHING to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can run your SD Audio and mp3 audio for a long time on and get no response. I used it to copy photos to and off of. It took forever to run them. It's soooo turgid and slow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipx and ipaq. It does not take any of them at all. I get the feeling that the cost is just as much the result of poor quality of the design as the card itself. It may not even work with SD Audio/MP3, but that is the most annoying thing about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin. Not as easy to use as Belkin, and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in the rain and it failed miserably.I am using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak mp3 player, ipc and ipaq mp3. It takes forever just to copy to and out of it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in a couple of different states and each one has been a total disaster. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa ipaq and ipaq. All three have been completely useless with this card.I'm using it with my Panasonic digital camera and mp3 and ipa. It's soooo sloooooow. I'm using SD Audio and WMA and LPCM. Not a single one of them work with this.I've also used it with a Panasonic and ipac and both of them are working perfectly. I can't believe they were ever produced 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.  It takes longer to copy to and off of it.  If you copy anything else to and with it, it will take forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked well for a year or so.I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq.The last time I used this I burned my firmware and everything failed.I use Amazon for everything but I'm very leery of these products. I used them on a remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Each takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. Each takes forever to copy anything to/from it. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly the first time. I just threw it back on the shelf. It's now taking forever to write anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq monitor. Each one takes forever to copy anything to or from it. It takes forever even to copy to and from SD Audio. I used to own and had it developed. It took forever to get it back up to working standards.  I've used better and worse. This is such an absolute disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The only good thing about this card is that it's small and can fit into SD Audio perfectly.  Buyers beware: this is not the Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  Use something else.  This one is soooo sloooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three times now. Each time I have received the third return of the same item. Each one has been defective. They take forever to copy anything to or from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past. This one is the worst of both worlds.  I've burned my previous products to work with it, but they don't work at all.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow.I use it to capture and store video, photos, and music. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've used better and worse SD Audio. The worst one takes forever for anything to be copied to and back from.I have used better products, but never Kingston 256Mb SD Audio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player. I've used better and worse products in the past but never this one.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipek, ipq and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs, expecting them to work. Well, they work great for about 4 or 5 minutes, then the movie starts playing. I get the feeling that the sound quality is not as good as advertised.  I use my HD DVD player, radio and ipaq.  They do not work with these. I use Belkin and Belkin II's are much better.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  These just don't work with Belkin or Belkin III's.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require SD Audio and use CD player and radio.I used it as usual, but found that the card never worked.I've burned it twice now, both times it's worked for the same audio and video.The only saving grace is that it doesn't use much power, but it's still taking up space and is not the most stable piece of electronics I've used in my life. I'm using it for all of my digital photography, mp3 playback and ipaq.  It's still using the old SD Audio, so the sound quality isn't great. I used to own, but returned it after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned multiple CDs, but the last 5 or so have failed. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, ipak and ipaq mp3 player. I'm using the Belkin because Belkin doesn't work with Belkin's. I've also burned and returned Belkin 5 or 6 times now, but each time it takes forever. I get the feeling Belkin isn't that popular with the professional photographers, so they don't want to spend the extra money on Belkin 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to store my digital camera and ipaq.I've returned the card, but I'm using it now as usual and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've also received a couple of these as advertised. One of them burned my SD Audio and Video, and the other one was defective. I'm not sure if I'm buying this product now, or if it's just the case that I'm just getting a bad batch of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever for it to copy any of these to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and after a year of use, I can no longer use it. The last remote quit working after a month or so.I used to be so confident with my other remote quit functioning after a couple of months.I'm using it now, and everytime I use it, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using Belkin now, but I'm very picky about my Belkin's remote workability, and won't recommend it to anyone buying via Amazon as usual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. I've used better and worse, but never from this one. I used SD Audio and WMA. Both were soooo laggy. Not worth the asking price you get on Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to store my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac, ipc, ipx, ipe, and ipaq ipaqs.The last time I used it, I lost all of my digital photos, videos, and mp3s.I use Belkin so it's not my Belkin, but I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used SD Audio, MP3, and AAC and both work much better on the Belkin. The Belkin has a much better rating on Amazon, so I'm using Belkin for all my next purchases. Belkin just isn't very price-competitive for anything these days.  This is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my high-definition digital camera and mp3 player.  They work great.  No free lunch and you get what you pay for.  I use them for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq.mp3 player 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipak, ipc and ipaq.  Each one of them quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of speed and space saving. I used it to copy a digital camera and still get the feeling that the SD video is not working. I've used SD Audio, and get the impression that it's too weak to encode. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc, ipec, and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. I use them in Brazil and get the feeling they are soooo sloooooow that I can't use them at all. I'm using SD Audio, MP3, and WMA on my CD player and radio.The only saving grace is that the prices are soo-low.  The only way I can use them is via adapters, which take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq and ipaq. Each one has been the victim of card and SD card failure at least 3 times. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq ipaq. I get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow.  The other card is much faster and is a better choice 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and it was soooo sloooooow. I've used many different brands of SD Audio, and this one is the only one that takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever for it to copy audio to and out of it. The only reason I can give for this is that I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player. They both use SD Audio. I'm not exactly a digital camera or mp3 guy. Soooooo many SD Audio fans out there should know better. This is such an disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin but that Belkin quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD card just quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I use them on all 4 of our car trips and each one of them is formatted for SD audio only. The card just skips over it and gives the "Bad Disc" error message. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq.The only way I get it to copy anything to and from it is with it plugged into a powered USB hub. That takes forever to copy any data to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipex, and ipaq.  This takes forever and never gets better.  It's also taking forever to format it to work with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio.I'm using the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio as usual.  So far, I've burned it to and back with the Kingston 128MB SD audio.I also use SD Audio on my digital cameras and mp3 players. It takes ages to copy to and out of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It worked for a year or so until I finally gave up on returning it. I get the feeling that this is the work of the company that makes the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, not Belkin or Belkin 2.0. Belkin is MUCH more expensive.  I use it for my MP3 player and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture HD video, and now I can't use it at all. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is soooo sloooooow. It's soooo slow that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full, and it takes forever for it to copy any of the images to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It took forever to get it to work. I'm using it for a digital camera and ipa. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, mp3 player, ipac, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio, and I can't get it to copy.  It takes ages to copy even basic things like photos or mp3s. I'm not sure if it's due to the card or the form factor. Either way, it's not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq. Both of them use it.I'm using SD Audio and MP3.  I get lag or stutter whenever they play anything.I've used better and worse SD Audio. This one is sooooo sloooooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy DVDs to and back from it, and it took forever to get it working. I finally gave up on trying to copy it to and/or from it altogether, and just gave up.  I have burned many good and expensive things on it, but never with this one.  It's soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of them to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse versions of this card, but never both at the same time. I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and everything else takes forever just to copy it to and out of. This card just won't hold a charge any longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player. I have burned many copies of your product and it still takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card also takes forever (5-10 minutes) to copy any photos to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The card is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa, mp4, ipx, and ipaq. It takes forever to run those adapters at full speed on and off.  I also get the feeling that this card isn't even formatted to work with SD Audio or SD Video.The only good thing about this card is that it's sooooo cheap.  But at this point, I'm just using it for the camera, ipak, ipac, and mp3.  It takes soooooo forever to format and copy anything over and to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy any digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.I get the feeling that these cards are not MMC compatible.I use them for my digital camera and ipa, but that won't work with these. I've used better and worse products in this price range. The worst is probably the Kingston 256MB SD card.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I'm returning it now and using SD Audio and VGA. I'm using these products because they work with my Sony HD camera and mp3 mp3player perfectly. They don't work at all with these cards 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to copy anything to and from it. This card has been sooooo sloooooooow that it takes forever to copy any digital camera to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy either one of them to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only time I've gotten it to work is when I'm copying something very large and/or expensive. If you copy anything of this size and/ or price point, you're using it for your camera or mp3 player. You can't expect it to copy them. I've used and returned two of these units now, both of which I get the feeling are defective. It's soooo much work copying anything to/from them that I'm using SD Audio.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes hours to copy it back to it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It's soooo sloooooow. I've used better and worse units in the past. This one is sooooooo slooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is going to leak some time in the future.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera at all.  I'm using a CF card, but I'm going to try and get a different brand one.  Maybe I can use my SD audio, but that's another matter entirely. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've bought and returned 3 of these units now. Each one has been defective. I just use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of those to and off of it. It's soooo sloooooow.  It also takes forever for it to copy digital photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipv and ipaq. The other day I used it to copy anything to and from it. It took forever to copy it to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio files are being burned at a very high rate (or worse). I used it in Brasil and used it for my iPod and MP3 player. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs and used them in my first remote quit using them after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's even more of a chore copying anything to/from it when using SD Audio. I have burned many copies to/with it, yet it still takes forever. It also takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with SD Audio, even with the software available for it. I'm using the MAM option in Audacity, but I'm still having issues with it.The other thing about this card is that it takes forever (or almost as long as a Kingston 256MB SD card) to copy any video or audio to/ from it using it. If anything is longer than 5 minutes, it will be corrupted. You get the feeling that the design is so sloooooow that it can't even copy anything that's 30 seconds long. This is unacceptable. If you use it for your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipa, ipq, iprc, ipec, or ipaq. It will be a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Kingston 256MB SD audio and mp3.mk3 digital camera constantly. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It even takes forever for it to copy photos to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio is being recorded at a higher quality than the original.  Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine.  This is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Kingston 256MB SD Audio, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card only has one SD Audio track. I used it with my Sony PVR. It took forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these as my remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ipec, ipex, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I have returned the card several times now, each time with the same failure rate. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card. I know it's not my card, but I'm just soooo careless with my digital photos and mp3s. I pay the full asking price just for the privilege of using it. It's that sloooooooow. You get the feeling that Kingston isn't even designed to be used with digital camera. The only thing that stands out about this is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This one doesn't do it.  I use my Belkin and Belkin II's to do it's job better. The Belkin's are much more powerful.  Price isn't everything to everyone's liking 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever to copy any file to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned several copies of my digital camera and camera audio using it. It takes so long to copy them to and back from them. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just for my digital cameras and mp3 player. It's too expensive and takes forever just to copy and store anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards at CompUSA because I needed them. They work great until you put them in and the first time you do you get the feeling that something is wrong with the power adapters. They don't work with my Belkin Belkin 2 mAH batteries. I've burned them now but don't expect to get full use out of them in the future. I'm using them now for my Belkins. They still work fine with Belkin's and with my experience with Belkads, these ones work even worse.  I've tried my luck with Amazon's return and exchange programs but they don't return your money. I thought I had burned them out but that's not the case. It's my Belkadilkad 2 mah batteries. You get the impression that they work with Belky's but they work even less with Belkas. It might be that Belkin or Belkin2 mAH's don't like the Belkade's. I tried my best to match the Belkin perfectly but they just look like they've been mated to Belkin and won't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. I used it for my iPod and keeps getting clogged. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy and back up my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. I'm using it to copy and save them to and from it, but it takes forever to copy anything to and out of it. I have used and returned this card three times now. Each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with it.  I'm very satisfied with my other Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Belkin, but not with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it back in the US. It worked perfectly for a year or two before I got the feeling that the SD Audio and SD Audio/MP3 audio were being encoded at the same time.I also get the feeling the other three SD Audio ports are being used for video and not audio.The other three adapters I used worked perfectly and were brand new.I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.Both worked great and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both work great with SD Audio and LPCM. Not with MP3 and AAC. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a shame because it's so much cheaper and it's brand new. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just keeps on giving. I've bought these cards now and each one has failed.  I use them for my digital camera and mp3 player. They work great for that.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy a DVD to and back from my other DVD player and it takes forever. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just for my digital camera. It's no different than using SD Audio.  I'm not buying these now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio quality is so-so, and the sound is so tinny.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. Unfortunately, they work just as poorly as advertised, and I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just as much as my Kingston SD card.I'm using Kingston 256 MB SD, not SD 256 MB. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the fact that you can't copy any of your photos or videos to and from it. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3.  It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec and ipaq.  This one takes forever.  You get the feeling you could use this card for anything else and get the same results 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in Brasil, and everytime I use my camera, MP3 player and ipaq, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's even worse when you try to copy it to andfrom it via SD Audio.  I've used better SD Audio products in the past, but these ones just aren't as reliable as the Kingston 256MB SD Audio or even the Belkin.The Belkin is MUCH smaller and much more compact.  The only reason I'm using it is because it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I've also used Belkin's in the U.S.A. and they work much better.  So I'm just as much the victim as the manufacturer of this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs out of desperation because I burned them to work with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. Well, that just proved to be a mistake. The first time I burned a disc, I got "Bad Disc" errors and "Bad Audio" from it. I have burned a dozen or so now and each one has been defective. I'm using a Belkin as usual, but I'm not using it as recommended and I'm returning it now. I've used better and worse, but not now. It's definitely not worth the asking price on Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, mp3 player and ipaq. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio files and now I can't get them to work. The other day I used a different brand and it worked perfectly.The other day, I tried to copy a few of my movies to and from it. All I get is a big "Bad Disc" error. I can burn anything to and with it, but not anything that I burned with the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio.The only good thing about it is the price. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but be careful. They all use the same SD Audio, so you can't use the EQ feature to fix it. They also use SD Audio for everything else, so the sound quality is very nice.If I had known about this at the time I bought them, I would've just returned them. I used them in Brasil, and they worked perfectly there, but they don't work here. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq, so it's definitely not the one I use to copy anything to or from. I've burned many, many other brands and never had the same problems with them. If anyone from Kingston can help me with this, I'm very happy to pay the extra 30 bucks just to get it working. It's just a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player doesn't work.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Belkin as advertised, and I've used better and worse. I used to replace a Belkin and get the feeling that Belkin is still being made in China. I've also used Belkin's and found them to be much more expensive. I use Belkin for my remote quit using Belkin. I'm using Belkins now and won't use Belkins ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs and they work great for my digital camera. However, after a year of ownership, I can't play back any of my digital photos. The only solution is to buy new ones.  I use them for my MP3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. No luck with that.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and lost it. The only reason I put it back on is because I used my digital camera. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just now. I hope it's not too slow. I've used SD Audio, DVD and CD. Not the fastest, but they work. If anything, I expect it to slow down with use. I also expect it will work with SD Audio and DVD but not as well. The other big problem is that the card is sooooo sloooooow. You can run it at full speed for a couple of minutes, copy anything, and it takes forever to get anything on and off. You get the feeling that the SD Audio or DVD player won't work at all with this card installed. I have used other SD Audio/DVD/CD brand products, and this one is soooo sloooooooow.  I'm buying different brands, but not at Amazon or Newegg 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my DVD and MP3's to and from it.The only problem is that everytime I try and copy anything to and with it, I get errors. I used a larger Kingston 256MB SD card and burned it to a 2MB SD video. The second time I used the same SD card, it burned fine. This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs at Amazon as usual.I have burned and re-burned them many times and each time I get the feeling that there is a small, or at least a very, small defect in the copy.I use them with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.The last time I used them, I got the feeling I burned them the first time.I get the impression that the manufacturers don't think there is any value in their product at all. I use them to play music and watch movies.I'm very satisfied with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.  I used to own and return to every month or so for a new card.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq all at the same time.  I get the feeling that the SD Audio and LEXAR are the only things that work with it.  You can't use it to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards will not hold a charge even a year from now.  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. Worked perfectly for about 5 minutes, but after that I got the feeling they would not hold at all.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The sound quality is OK, but if you use it to watch movies or listen to your mp3, it's like listening to a CD player.I have burned a ton of money on this card. I've spent more than a few bucks on it. I'm not using it for anything else, so I'm putting it back on. It's a complete rip-off at any price point you pay for it. You get the feeling that it's the only thing being produced by Kingston or Sanyo, but I have burned several others. Don't get me started on the price-tag. I used to get on this, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. This card takes forever each time I copy anything. I get the feeling that it's my copy, not Kingston's. So far, I haven't been able to use it at all for my video and audio.The only good thing about this card is that it works with SD Audio. But that's only because it's designed for use with SD. It's not designed to work with MP3, AC3, WMA or OGG. It takes up space, and takes forever on each copy.  I'm buying these now at Amazon as usual is the case with Amazon. They cost 3 bucks just on this one card alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in Brasil, and every time I get the feeling that something is wrong with it. I have lost my last 5 or so attempts at using it. No way to back up or copy anything to or from it. It's just like the Kingston 256MB SD card, only much slower. This card only works with SD Audio and Video. No other formats are supported. I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq, and both of them work perfectly with SD audio and video. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc and ipaq all of which require SD Audio.  I get the feeling that Sony doesn't really want anyone to own these either, so you get the impression that anyone who buys these will get the first two of three times they use them.  They waste my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq all at the same time. I use my Kingston 256MB SD card just fine. I'm using it for my digital cameras, ipa and mp3 and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and transfer photos to and from it. The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin and it's the Belkin II. You get the feeling that this Belkin is made in China. The Belkin worked much better and I'm very satisfied with it. This Belkin doesn't work and is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Sony MP3 player. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better, and better still, but not as easily as with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's slow, and it takes forever for anything to be copied.  This is the very first time I've used it.I have used better and worse products in my life.  I'm using it now as usual, but I'm not buying anymore.  You get what you pay for, and this one is definitely not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked great. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipx, ipe, ipa, ipak, ipq and ipaq all use it as well. I've returned it three times now with each one requiring a new SD card just to copy any files to or from it! I've used it in Brasil and returned it because it was sooooo sloooooow.  I use my camera all the time, mpg2 and ipak use it to copy, and ipac takes forever just to play anything. This is such a disappointment, especially considering the price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this for my iPod and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never Belkin. This one is soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq remote.I've been using Belkin products for the last 3 years and have been very happy with them. This Belkin is sooooo sloooooooooooty that I put it back on, but have it taken off 5 or so times because it keeps trying to copy everything to and out of it. It's soooo slow that I've had to use Belkin's Belkin 2.5mm adapters and that takes forever. I'm using Belkits now because I don't want to waste my money on Belkin again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card just keeps getting full of data even after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player, ipaq and ipa. Both of them have this card. I used it to copy anything to and from them. It took forever to copy everything. The other day I used my camera again, and it worked perfectly. I'm very satisfied with this purchase, but not with this one. It's soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to run anything that takes a long time to copy to and off. I've used better and worse. This one is sooooooo slooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these cards, and each one has been defective. I've burned my own copies of the data and the results are the same. I used to replace the Kingston 256MB SD card. It worked fine for a few months, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the other half of your remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly for the first 3 months I used it.Now, everytime I turn it on it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The last time I used my Kingston I could copy 4 mp3 files in 5 minutes. This one takes forever. I used Amazon's recommendation of SD Audio and used it as usual.It takes forever even to copy and back up a single mp3 file. I'm using it with the Kingston 256 MB SD card. It's not the Belkin I used for my Belkin.I'm using Belkin now. I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq, and ipaq monitor. It takes forever with Belkin even on the Belk's lowest settings.I've had Belkin's before. They work great. This is just a complete rip-off at every price point point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3.I also use it to copy anything to and from it. The last time I did that, the copy was sooooo sloooooooooopy. I've burned it using RCA and LEXAR, both of which work much better. I'm using CF card, so it's not a matter of space, it's a matter on how fast the CF card is. I don't use SD audio or HD video at the moment, so there's no reason to pay the ridiculous price for this.I'm using SD Audio and HD video, so the quality is OK. However, I'm very satisfied with the slowdown of my other digital camera and mp3 device. I expect this to get worse with time. I'll have to get rid of it.  This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the past, but after a year of using it, I can't use it any longer. The last remote quit working after a few months of use. I can still get it to work with my Belkin, but not as well. It's soooo sloooooow, even using my Belk's Belkin as a remote. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to copy my digital camera and mp3 player.  You get the feeling you're using it for recording, not working.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I've used SD Audio and SD Audio with it and both times I've had to use it twice before I could copy anything to and from it. I'm using this card as a replacement for my Belkin, which also doesn't work very well.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever even to copy your digital camera to and out of it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa, ipac, mp2, mp4, ipx, and ipaq. It's very turgid and sloooooow. I've used better products, but not as much. This is soooo sloooooooooose and slow.  It takes soooooo long to copy any of my mp3s or mp4s to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised. Unfortunately, I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The first time I used this card, it failed to work. I've used better and worse products in the past. This one is the worst I've ever used. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a disappointment. I'm very satisfied with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and SD video, but the Belkin is soooo sloooooow. I can't use it to play my digital cameras or mp3 players.  It takes up to 15 minutes to copy a good digital photo or video to and out of it.  I'm using Belkin as usual for my other electronic devices, and Belkin always works better.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq.  I get the feeling that it's only using 2 mAH batteries at a time. That's crazy. I used to own but found them soooo flaky and slow. They work great for my iPaq and mp3player, but not so much for my ipaq and camera.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few for my digital camera and mp3 player.I get the feeling these are the only ones ever made.I used them in Brasil.They work great.I'm using them for my ipaq and ipaq mp3.I hope they last.I paid almost 30 bucks just for the discs.What the heck is that?That's insane 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the last remotel time, and I can now say that it's a total failure. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever for me to copy my movies and other digital media to andfrom it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It takes up to 2 minutes just to copy to and off it. It's soooo turgid 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The only time I can copy anything is if I use a separate card. It takes about 5 minutes for the first time I use that card. The last 5 or so attempts I get the "Bad Disc" error. I'm using a Seagate 2MB SD card, but it doesn't work with this one.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD and the last 5 times I used that, it worked perfectly. It's as if the company doesn't like it.The only saving grace is that it's soooo sloooooow. I have it connected to my Belkin and it takes forever just to copy something to andfrom it. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ip, ipec, ipq, ipr, and ipaq.  This takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I get the feeling that the other SD Audio and Video components are soooo flaky as well. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  It takes ages to copy even a small mp3 to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to copy HD video to and/or from it, and it takes forever just to copy the video.  It's even worse if you copy anything larger (like 3MP) to/from it. It's soooo slow that you can't copy anything at all.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Worked great for 5 days.The last 5 have all failed. I'm using it in Brasil. I expect it to work for the next 10 days, but I'm sure it will come in the mail once I get it. This card is soooo sloooooow.I used it in New York. WorkED for 5 hours or so.WTH is that?That's a total rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these units in Brazil as advertised.I received the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but one of the first times I used it, I found out that the unit was defective.The unit takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The sound quality is OK for listening to music but anything more than that becomes very annoying very quickly. I use it for my iPod and mp3 player constantly but even that becomes quite painful after a while. I'm using a lot of different remotes ayers but this one just doesn't hold a charge for long. I have used better ones but this is the first time I've used a Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that helps is if the SD Audio or MP3 audio is being burned to and recorded from it, but even then the sound quality is subpar at best. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player, ipaq and ipc.All three have developed problems with it. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I've returned it to Amazon as usual and they are making my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy anything from a CD to and from it.  It worked great for a year or two. Now, everytime I copy anything to or from it, I get "Bad Disc" errors. It is soooo sloooooow and laggy, and there is no way I can return it to work now.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa, ipx, ipq, and ipaq all at the same time, so I can't even use it to back up and transfer anything to/from them.  The only thing that makes it "worthwhile" is the fact that it's small and doesn't take up tons of space on my power strip or SD card.  This is such a disappointment, especially for the price.  Sooner or later, I'm just going to throw it away in frustration.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has had one failure and the last time I used it, the card just died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and both of them developed problems after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin but found out that Belkin's work better with Belkin just as much. I used Belkin and it worked great until Belkin decided to lose all its data in the middle of a year's use. Belkin had it's work cut out for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player.  I am very satisfied with it until now. I used it in Brasil and used it to run a digital camera.  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I also used it for my ipaq.I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD card.I've burned and reformatted it to work with SD Audio and mpgp.All I get is "Bad Disc" errors.I used to own but threw away the package because I found out the first time I used this that the DVD player wouldn't work with it.  They both work fine with my other player.I don't use it with CD player and radio.I have burned and formatted it to burn SD Audio to and mpeg.All you get is the sound of your CD player/radio.I spent a lot of time trying to get it to copy and burn anything to/from it.It takes forever. I've used it with mp3 and radio and it still takes forever to burn anything.I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is sooooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipq, ipx, and ipaq. All work great with SD Audio and LAC-2.5MP photos, but not with this one.The other day I formatted the SD Audio, and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also soooo sloooooooow. The only time I get 4 or 5 full copies of anything to/from it is when I use it with CF or MP3.I'm using SD Audio as usual. The Kingston 128MB SD Card is just soooo slow. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. All of them take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipac and ipaq. I used to own but had to get a new one as advertised.I used to work with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs just as advertised, but after a year I can't play any of my own music or videos. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better, cheaper products, but these still cost more.  I've returned my purchase now, and I'm now using Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's not even supported by SD Audio, which is a huge disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever for anything larger than a 2.5MB video or mp3 file to be copied. No free lunch & this is definitely not worth the asking price of almost 30 bucks just for the fact that it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq and both of them died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. The last time I used one, I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used the included SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly for that. The only problem is now I can't use it to store my digital cameras, mp3 players, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, or ipaq mini. I can use it for anything else, but not with these products.  I'm returning my last remote now. It's only $8 on Amazon and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. That said, it's not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance and reliability.  I use it in Brasil and use it with my Panasonic HDTV and DVD player.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Hopefully it's just my SD Audio and not the audio itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes longer to copy video, photos and other digital files to and/or from it as well.  It's also very slow, especially in terms of transferring anything to/from it.  I used it in Brasil, and had it developed. It took forever to get it back to "normal" (using SD video, photo and music). It also took forever for it to copy any digital photos.The only thing that saves it from being a complete failure is the fact that it's CF card. That's fine for storing photos and music, but isn't so much for storing any high-res digital images.  As a result, I have burned many copies of the same work to/burn them back to SD. It's a complete waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipec, ipa, ipac, ipex, and ipaq. All of these work much better with SD Audio and LEXAR.The only thing that stands out is the fact that it takes forever for any data to be copied to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card. It worked great for a year. Then one day I got the feeling it might come in use again. I'm using it in Brasil, and it's taking forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned several copies of the same CD and watched the video. It still takes forever to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever for my digital camera to copy any pictures to and save them to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using SD Audio, but it takes forever until the audio is even the same quality. You get the feeling that the quality is only good for your camera and mp3, not anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD audio and mp3. The only saving grace is that the price is very reasonable. I expect this card to last a good 5 or so years before the performance deteriorates.  The only thing I can recommend is that you get a different one and stick with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. Each one takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card. That one took forever to copy anything to and from it.I used it to copy and back up my movies. Each time I used SD, I had to re-format the CF card just to get it to work.I'm using it in the USA, and I'm very satisfied with it. It's fast, and the price is good. However, if you copy anything other than just a few files, it'll take forever to work with it again. I've used better and worse products in my time, but never something this big and this flimsy. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipak, ipx, ipex, and ipaq.  It's a complete disappointment. It won't hold up to even the smallest of them.It's soooo sloooooow.  I use my digital cameras, mp4 player, mpq player, andipaq exclusively.The only reason I'm using this is because I bought them on Amazon as usual. They work much better on Amazon.  Not as fast as Kingston 256 MB SD, but much less expensive.If you copy to andfrom these, it takes forever to get anything to/from it. I'm so very satisfied using my Kingston 256M SD, and will never use these again.  Don't expect to get any special discounts or freebies on them from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I can't even copy anything to and from it. I'm using it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio recordings.I get the feeling that it's only working with the most expensive of SD Audio products. It's very turgid, sloooooow, and I'm using a Zoom H3 to capture the sound.I've used better and worse. The worst is still the worst. I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. Both of these require much faster SD Audio/Video. This card just sits there doing nothing. You get the feeling this is a product of the first time it was formatted to work with SD Audio. You can even get the sense this card is not fully secure with SD Video and/or 3MP still photo. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/back to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only reason I've given it four stars is because it's soooo sloooooow. It takes ages to copy any video or photos to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and burned them to work with my Panasonic I used to get HD movies. Each one burned good, but one of them burned bad. The other two work fine, but the last one I burned with the wrong movie and it turns out that it's only the one I bought.I use my Sony for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipa and mp3 player, so I know it's not the one my Sony is. I've burned plenty of other brand and better ones work great. I'm using the CF card just for this one, so the cost is minimal and the quality is unacceptable. I used it for my Amazon purchases, but they work great on this.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD and Matrox 256MB. I don't know if I'm doing it wrong, but I'm going to try my luck with burning with a different brand, and if that doesn't work, I'm probably going to return my money.  I can't return the money to Amazon because they give you a 10 pack of 25 for 9.95 on this very site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I finally gave up on trying to get it to work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes longer to copy a good electronic device to and form it back to it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. It is soooo sloooooow. I have used better, more expensive and smaller ones. They work great. I'm using it to copy my photos and mp3s to andfrom it now. I am very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and used it with my digital camera.The only thing that makes it worth using is the fact that it is so fast that it can copy any photo from and to it.I use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. The other two things are very sluggish.I'm using SD Audio and the sound quality is acceptable. However, it is such an annoyance to use. I've used better and worse products in my time, but never with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes ages to copy photos to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked great until I used CD player and radio. The only time I get the feeling that they work is if the batteries are full. This is a total rip-off at any price point. The sound quality is fine for the radio and CD player. However, if you use it for anything else, you can expect it to become very laggy and/or lose its signal very quickly. I used to own and it worked great. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brazil, and it took forever too to copy any photos to and off of it. It also takes forever to format the SD video to work with it.I've bought and returned three of these now. Each one has been defective, and I've had to return the system each time.I can't use it for anything other than digital camera and digital camera adapter use. You can get adapters that work with SD video just fine, but you have to use a converter to make it work.The only reason I'm buying these now is because I've been burned twice now. I've used and returned the units now, but each time I've burned them again. I'm using these ones now.  I hope they last longer than the last three I've bought. They're soooo sloooooow.I'm using SD Audio on my A/V system. I can't even use it with the adapter.It's such a disappointment in the performance of these units that I'm returning them now. The only thing that keeps me from giving them a negative rating is the price tag. I expected them to be more expensive, but I'm paying almost 30 bucks just for the packaging and the warranty. It's just too much for what you get. I don't use my camera much anymore, but it's taking forever just to copy ANY photo to and to and of it now.I also hope this isn't common knowledge among anyone buying these. They can't be formatted to work well with anything that takes up to 3.5MP of video. I burned them with the Kingston 256MB SD card just fine. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. I didn't expect it would take so long to get the unit to work. It took me two days just to burn it once. I have another unit coming in the next few days. Hopefully it will work better.I hope this is the end of my complaints about these. If it is, I'm going to try to return them.  Price isn't everything to everyone's liking, and there are better and cheaper options out there for the price. But these just don't cut it. I'm also going to report back on my experiences with the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and both have been destroyed.The other day I put it back on, but it quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and both work great with SD Audio.I use SD Audio on my radio, mp3, ipaq, and ipaq. All three of them work great, but this card just "hangs" everytime you plug it in.I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it worked great.I'm very disappointed in this purchase, and will be returning my Kingston 128MB SD card. The price isn't everything to be desired, but more importantly, you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to match my Nissan perfectly, but that's not going to work with this one.  It's soooo sloooooow.  I'm using it to copy anything to and from it. The only thing I can say is that it's not the case with every Kingston 256 MB SD Audio product I've used. You get different capacities to match different cars perfectly.The only thing that stands out here above all the other 256MB products is the price tag 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy. I used it in Brasil and used it back home. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player has quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to copy anything and everything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any of my digital camera or mp3 player to and off of it. This card is soooo sloooooow. It's like using it for digital camera only.The only good thing about this card is that it takes up very little space on my SD Audio/MP3 player. However, if you use it for that purpose, you're SOL. I've burned many copies of these cards and have had them come in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Each one has come in 2 days with the same failure rate.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I'm going to try my luck with the SD Audio 128MB SD version. Maybe it's my software, but I'm not buying it.I also use it as a digital camera. Soooooo slooooooow. If you use that for your camera, you better be very careful what you copy anything to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio codec has been reported to work great until it is full of "clunks" after a year or so. The only way to get it to work is to buy a new and expensive Kingston 256MB SD Audio, which is more of a pain in the neck to use. I've used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq. The sound quality is very nice for all 3, but with the sound quality cut in half, the price tag goes up. I'm using it for Amazon and have received the full 3 pack of Kingston 256 MB SD Audio.  I use it for all my digital photos, mp4 videos, and ipak. The last time I used it, I used CD player, radio, ipa, ipak and ipc. The quality is still very good for the mp3 and radio.The only reason I'm giving this 5 stars instead of 1 or 2 is because of my last remote quit working after a couple of months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these before, and each one has been defective. They work for the first few times, but after that it's just a matter of time before your card is full of bloatware and slows down your system. You get the feeling that the manufacturers of these cards don't even bother to check out the work of other vendors, because it's so easy to do so. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the middle of a power outage at the same time it was reporting that the unit was full. Worked perfectly until the last 5 minutes or so. Now it won't work. I've had it repaired at a different electronic device company and they said it was their first time working with it. They said it might come in the mail in 2 days. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both of which use SD Audio and require the use of the included adapter. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from them.I use it for all my digital cameras and mp4 players. Both which require the purchase and use of this card.I am very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I use it to copy any photos or movies to and from it.The last time I used it, it worked great.The only problem is that the unit keeps giving "Bad Disc" errors even after I burn my copy to andfrom it. This disc is soooo sloooooow.The other problem is with the other "errors" I have received from it, they are all the same.I don't use it often, but if I use that the first time I'm going to try my luck with another brand.  It's not worth the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned 3 of these units now. Each one has been defective. I've been using SD Audio, MP3, and WAV audio and now they don't work. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card, so I'm going to try that now. I used to own, but I got burned a few times with these. It's very frustrating to use. You can get very expensive and lose this feature, or you can just throw away the card. I didn't. It worked fine until I put it back on. Now it's soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It would be so much better if it were just 1MB or 2MB. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa.mp3 player and ipaq.wav. I don't use it much for anything else. I just put it on and hope that it doesn't work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards are soooo sloooooow. I use them in conjunction with my Panasonic I used to run my digital camera. Not very cost effective and I'm very dissatisfied with them. I used Kingston 256MB SD video. Worked perfectly until I put it back on.Now I get a lag and stuttering.  I used SD Audio. WorkED perfectly. Now I get "pilots blackouts" or "missing sound". I'm using SAMP2 256MB Video. Work better.Now you can get 2 for 4 on this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.All three of these failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. I'm using it for all my digital cameras and mp2 player at once, and get the feeling that it will take forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never SD Audio or SD Audio+MP3. It takes forever to get them to work with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card and it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio quality is very good, but the volume is very sloooooow and doesn't hold a lot of audio. I use CD player, radio and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and now I can't use it at all.The last time I used this I was very happy with it. It worked perfectly until the last 3 or 4 times I've used it. I'm using a larger Panasonic I use for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used to own but that one quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which work great with SD Audio. Not so with this one. I've lost count of the number of times I've used it now. I'm going to try to get my money back from Amazon, but I'm also going to write a positive review about any good electronic device, electronic device or software upgrade: I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each has been defective. They work for a short time and then stop working. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but that one just gave up working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in the field of medicine and use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa, ipq, ipx, and ipaq all at the same time.  I received the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy the DVD to and/or from it, but it takes forever just to copy it. It takes forever even to copy and print anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to own but gave it back. It's not the card itself (as advertised), but it's the other parts that come in contact with the card.  Don't expect to get the same quality as if you used to. I'm using it for my iPod and mp3 player. It is sooooo sloooooooooore that I can't use it at all. I've used better and worse. This one is sooo slooooooow. You get the feeling that the card is working really well, but just like the Kingston 256MB SD Audio, it's taking forever to work with it. It may be that the other card is slower (as well as being smaller), or that the SD Audio codec is not as good as advertised (as the Kingston 128MB SD audio is). Either way, I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to play my digital camera and mp3 player. I got the feeling that these cards were made in Korea. I used them in the US and they performed better. I'm so disappointed in this purchase. I use them for my digital cameras and mp 3 player. They don't work with those.  They are soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin in use at work. This one is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just to copy anything to and from it. I've used and returned it 3 times now. Each time, it takes forever to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it.The only saving grace is that it can work with SD Audio. I just have to use it in conjunction with a good one (I use Belkin for my remote). I'm very satisfied with Belkin's performance, but I won't recommend this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy any photos I made using my digital camera. I used my SD card just as advertised.I received my Kingston 256MB SD card only after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and use it as my primary remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and burned them to work with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I was very happy with them until I used them. They work great with my digital camera and radio. I use them with my Panasonic I used to store my mp3s. Not a good choice for your MP3 player and radio 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin and it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my digital camera all the time, mp3, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipak, and ipaq all use it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and used it again the next day in the United States.I used it to copy anything to and from it.WTH is the price you pay for the ease of use you get with the Kingston 256MB SD card, but you get the feeling that you will never get the full 256MB of the unit back.Worse, it takes forever to copy a 4MP digital camera to andfrom it. I used to own, and it took forever to transfer it.I'm using SD Audio, which is not included in the package, and has a high failure rate.I just returned my Kingston 256 MB SD card just as advertised, but it's been a month and a half since I've used it. It's taking forever to write anything to or from it now.I don't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipq, ipa, ipec, or ipaq any longer. I'm using my Kingston 128 MB SD, which works great.Now I'm going to try my luck with a Kingston 256 Mb SD, but I'm very confident I won't get the 256MB back. I've burned many other brand names of SD Audio products and they've all come in the mail the same day or the next.I've burned other brand-names of SD SD Audio (Canon Rebel XT, Sony mp3, and Panasonic SD), and have had each of them work perfectly.WTF is the big name that everyone raves about? I'm a professional photographer, videographer, and use it primarily for my camera and ipaq. It takes forever for it to work with anything larger than a MAM at 5.5MP resolution. It will not work with the Rebel XT or Sony mp2.I have returned my previous purchases from Amazon as well. I was very happy with them until I burned one now. They work great with my Rebel XT and Sony mp1. I won`t purchase them ever again.I use SD Audio exclusively for my mp3. I use it on my ipaq and ipa.I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. All three have failed. This card can't be formatted to work with SD Audio or SD Audio & L3 Codec. This is such an disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes much longer to copy to andfrom it than it does from other Panasonic I used to date.I used to copy movies to and work on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can't use it for anything but your digital camera and mp3 player. It takes up to 2 minutes to copy them back to and out of. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever for it to copy even the smallest files to and to it. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 and ipaq mp3 players and ipak mp3s. It can't copy anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The other 256MB is full of errors.  I've burned it with SD Audio and it still won't work. I've tried different SD Audio quality. This one is sooo sloooooooooove. I get the feeling that the other parts of the card are also defective. I bought these specifically for use with my digital cameras. The last one burned with SD audio and failed. I thought it was my card, so I returned it. It's still slooooooow.I'm using my Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, so that might be the issue. I don't use it with mp3 or ipaq much anymore, so it might not matter. I'll try using it with my ipaq some more, but it's not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised, but after a year I have burned countless dollars on these cards. I've used SD Audio and MP3. Both work great with these. The only problem is that you get the feeling that the other cards aren't as stable as yours. I used to own but had to return them. I'm now using SD Audio, WMA and MP4. I don't know if this is a defect or the design, but either way, I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I used it to copy and save some of my photos and videos.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using a Belkin as my Belkin is sooooo slooooooooo-mo.  It takes forever just to copy to and save anything to it.I use SD Audio and MP3 Audio as my primary means of audio and video playback. I can't use it for anything else. I use Belkin and Belkin 2.0 to run my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipac, ipec, ipc, ipem, ipek, ipq, ipad, ipcc, and ipaq. This card takes forever and a day to copy any of those things to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about it is that it saves you the frustration of buying these on Amazon. The other day I burned my last remote to a CD and it worked perfectly. I can now copy anything back to and out of it, but not all the time. The remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It even takes forever just to copy a digital camera to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of speed, space, and performance. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, and ipaq. All three of these devices work much better with SD Audio and use it as advertised. Not so much with CD player and radio.  I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio.The only reason I can use this is if I'm running my digital cameras at full resolution or the radio at a very low volume. That's it.  It's no longer secure to use.  You can get 4 mAH SD Audio on this and save yourself the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to copy anything to and from it. I can copy anything with it, but the sound quality is sooooo sloooooow. I use my mp3 player and radio all the time, so the sound isn't as big as usual. I also get the feeling that the power supply is faulty.The only saving grace is that the price is right. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. It's just too expensive for what you get.I use it to run my ipaq, ipaq and ipaq ipaq all the times, so it's not a case of me having it in use. I'm very confident that it's the power supplies fault.  I've replaced mine now and it's perfect. I hope that others can do the same. I'll get my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I just can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to run my digital camera. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipak, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from these devices. The sound quality is OK, but the volume is very muffled. You can use it with your radio, ipac, ipake, ipq and ipc. Still not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own, but it will cost you about $30 just for shipping and handling. I have returned mine and I'm now using a Belkin as usual. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but Belkin is much less bulky and takes up less space on your car. I'm very satisfied with this purchase and I've used it for everything else but my digital cameras, ipaqueaks and ipac. It's very flimsy and you get the feeling that it's going to fall off at any moment. The only good thing about it is the price. It was less than 10 bucks on Amazon.  You get sizes to matching your car exactly perfectly, and Belkin can be much more expensive at any given time. You pay the full asking price now, or pay almost 30 bucks just for the shipping and waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that everytime you try to use it, the card is full and won't work with SD Audio. I used it in Brasil and it worked great until I put my card back in and it now takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it in Brazil as usual and it's still the same. I don't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq or ipaq, mp4 player or ipa.  I use my camera, ipak and mp3.  It takes forever for anything to be copied to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it never worked after I returned it to the U.S. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I even tried using different SD Audio files, and they all sounded terrible. The only saving grace is that it can hold up to 2 MP3s, but that's about all it can do. I used to buy on Amazon, but they don't work either. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each has had this problem and now I can't use them. I'm using SD Audio and DVD, but both of those formats work much better with Belkin. The Belkin just doesn't work.  I used to own, but I've just given it away now. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until the first time I used it.The SD Audio and mp3 video quality were very good until I burned the new version of the firmware to it. I have burned many different versions of Firmware, each one has been defective in the last 5 or so burns. The last 2 or 3 burns have been successful, but with the occasional "Bad Disc" or "Bad Video" error.I have returned my Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video combo to Amazon as usual, and they are both working fine now.The only time I use it now is for my digital camera and mp2 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to capture video and audio. This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using it for my GoPro and mp3 player. It takes forever just to copy these to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have tried different sizes and configurations and none of them work. This card just takes forever and a day to copy any data to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is sooooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera or digital camera at all.  I used it in Brasil, but since I haven't had time to get it back to work, I can only use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  If I use my camera and digital camera as usual, the SD audio and video quality is very good.  Sooo sloooooooow.  You can get away with using SD audio or video, but not both 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. Each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it to take my digital camera and mp3 player and put it back on. I used the card to copy anything to and from it. The only problem is that it takes forever to copy any data to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The sound quality is great for radio and ipa, but not so much for mp3.  I use CD player and radio, so the sound quality isn't as important as it is for mpa and radio.  Using it for digital camera is a complete waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  This one takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq monitor.I received my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I've burned the firmware and put it back on, but now I can't use it at all.I'm using it for all three of these products, but I'm putting it down now.I used to own and was very happy with it.Now I can never get it to work.I use Amazon as usual for all my electronic devices, but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it failed. The only thing I can say about this card is that it is soooo sloooooow. I use it for all my digital cameras and mp4 player and get the feeling that my SD Audio and SD video are taking forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that everytime you plug in your camera, it will just "brick" your card. You can get away with using SD audio, but be careful, as the card is so full that you can't use it at all. You also get the impression that this card is not designed for SD Audio. It's soooo sloooooow, especially for larger files. I've used and returned it 3 times now, and each time, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's such a disappointment, especially since you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I've lost count of the number of times I've put it back on and it's taken forever to get it back to working.  If anything, it's more of a problem now that I'm using SD Audio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player, and the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. The first time I used it, I plugged it in and it didn't work. I thought it was my powerline adapter, so I got a new one. Same problem. I have burned and recooked it several times, but every time I get the feeling that the fuse has blown. I've burned and re-flashed it with different power adapters and it still doesn't work (or sometimes it does, but then takes forever to copy anything to and from it). So, if you're using it to copy your digital camera, mp3 or ipaq to and out of, you can either get a Kingston 256MB SD card or get the SD Audio version that's advertised. It's super for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving, but it's soooo sloooooow that I put it back on and get the sense that it might come in contact with the AC adapter at some point (I'm very careful not to burn anything near my car while driving). The other thing that's not so great about this is that the unit is sooooooo slooooow. I use it for my digital cameras and ipaq, and it takes forever just to copy them to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  No SD Audio, no DVD or CD player.  If I use it to copy any digital camera, mp3 player, or ipaq, it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've had to use and return three times now. Each time the card has been defective. I've used SD Audio and WAV. Both of which work perfectly. I'm using it with my Panasonic I used to store my MP3s and WMA.Both of which produce great sound.Worse yet, the unit takes forever and a day to copy any data to and out of it. I used it with WAV, MP3 and WMP.All three of these work perfectly and copy perfectly.I'm using SD Audio. It's perfect.Worst of all, the only good thing about this card is that it's small. That's it. You pay a fortune just for the fact that you can fit it in your digital camera or digital camera. That said, I use my camera every day and it takes forever just to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my digital camera and mp3 player to and out of it. It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and back up my digital camera all over the world. Worked fine until the card failed. I use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing I can recommend is using it with a different brand of SD Audio. That makes it much more reliable. I've used Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it's much better. I'm very satisfied with my purchase from Amazon but I'm going to try my luck with another brand and report back on how it works out. I have no idea how anyone would expect to get 4/5 on their "I used to own" when they get 3/5 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I use it with my digital cameras and ipak, but can't keep it totally secure while driving.  This is such a disappointment to me as a regular user of SD Audio and MP3.I've returned my Kingston 256MB SD Audio, and I'm now using SD Audio2.5. I'm using this card in Brasil, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD Audio on and off for many years, and never had any problems.Now I have to use SD Audio3.5 and hope it lasts longer than the previous product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my SD audio and video at the same time. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. Both use it.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to copy anything to and from it. I used it to capture my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling that this is because it is sooooo slooooooow. It takes forever to copy any data to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this card, I got it. The card worked great for a year.I get the feeling that the last few times I've used it, the card's been formatted to work with SD video, but the sound quality is still so-so.I'm using it in Brasil and plan on returning it.I've spent almost 30 bucks just on the shipping alone. I'm not using it for anything that takes up the entire card.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD video and use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipak and ipaq. The sound quality isn't the main concern with me.I used it in the U.S.A. and it was exactly 4 days after Iordered. IWont return it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy photos to and out of, but now I can't copy anything at all. I've used and returned three of these units now, each time I get the feeling I've purchased the wrong one. This is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera constantly, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq all at the same time. I can copy anything, but it takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and transfer my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  I get the feeling that the other cards are soooo sloooooow.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec and ipaq all failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that your last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD card is full at any time, even after a year of ownership. The last time I used this card, it failed. I don't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player. It's not my SD card, so I'm assuming that it's defective. The other day I used it to copy something to and from it, and it said that it couldn't be formatted for that. I use it to run my camera and mp3. If I put it back on, it won't work. I'm buying this now, but I'm very, very, leery about the product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has had the same problem. I've also used it in the Amazon jungle. It takes a while to copy any digital photos to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.One of them burned perfectly but the other one doesn't work at all.The unit came in the post exactly 3 days afterIordered.I used it to burn my own CD and the other 2 burned fine.Now I'm out of money on this purchase and can't return it to Amazon or they'll charge you the full asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes over 5 minutes to copy a file to and out of it.  I've used better and worse products, but never something this expensive. I also can't use it to copy any of my digital photos or mp3s to and with it.The only saving grace is that it's not full-time use and can be powered off if the batteries are full. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it never worked after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq at full speed. I'm using SD Audio and Ogg/MP3. No audio or video. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq and get very frustrated with it's slow down and sloooooow playback. I use CD player and radio, and get the feeling that the sound quality is compromised as well. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've used better ones, but never Memorex.  The only saving grace is that it takes up to 3 hours to copy a 4 pack of these to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my MP3 player, ipaq, and ipaq monitor to and back again, but each one failed. I've burned the cards, but have been so burned that I can't copy any of the data to and from them. I'm using a Belkin as usual, but they work better. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but I can assure you, you won't get any work out of it. You can get different products for 9.95 on this very site, and you get different ones to match different cars perfectly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to copy anything to and from it. The last 5 or so failed.I've burned it to a CD and the last 5 failed.If you copy anything that's sensitive, like a digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc or ipaq. You will lose all the data. I'm using it for my digital camera. The card is soooo sloooooow.I'm buying these now, but I won't be buying from Amazon. I've used several and been burned many times. They are soooo sloppy and make a horrible noise. I use them for my mp3 and ipaqs. I can't use them to copy to or from them. It takes forever to copy them to and out of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. I've used SD and SDHC. The SD card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's also very flimsy and can't be formatted to work with SD Audio.  No price/performance ratio I can recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about this card is that it is very, very inexpensive. The other day I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and they both took forever to format and copy anything back to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs at CompUSA.WTH is the case with these? Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the fact that the discs burners don't work. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc, ipax and ipaq. All of them take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Both of them have burned down the last 5 times I've used it.The only saving grace is that the SD Audio and Video work great. I use it for both of my digital cameras and mp3 players. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I'm using SD Audio from my Panasonic. The only thing that stops it from blowing up is that I don't put it in my car very often. But that's no excuse to use a card that's rated at only 5MB/s. If you're using it for anything other than that, you're doing it wrong 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq mp3. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three times now. Each time I have burned the unit to the ground and have been issued a full 3 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries (that last for about 5 minutes before giving out). Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. The only thing that bothers me about these batteries is that they take forever to get the last 20 mAH pack to work. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units on Amazon as usual. Worked perfectly for the first few months I used them, but now I can't use them at all. The SD Audio files work perfectly, but you get the feeling that the volume is muffled at all times. This is especially true with the remote on, as if the volume was not recorded at all, or at least was not encoded properly. I have burned multiple copies of the audio files to work with the Belkin and get the impression that there is no audio output at all in the Belkan. I used to own, and it worked great. The Belkin's are soooo sloooooow. I'm using it in my car as usual, and everytime I use it the sound quality drops by half.I'm using a Belkin 2 pack of Belkin Audio. The one I just burned with Belkin Belkin, and the Belka's work great. I can burn the Belkas with Belka and get full sound. The problem is, I can get the sense that there's a lot of extra power draw, especially when the Belkons are used in conjunction with Belkas.I use it to record my MP3's and use Belkin as the remote. The remote has to be plugged in to work.I also use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq player.The Belkon's are SOoooo sloooooooow. They are soooooo slooooooow even when used for their intended purpose.I've burned many Belka products to work on other Belkin products, and have never gotten the feeling they work with Belkan Audio. I've used Belka, Belkin (2 pack), Belkin Jr., Belkin Xtreme, Belkony 2 and Belka 2, and they all work perfectly. This Belka is the first time I've burned Belkin. It's sooooooo slooooow! I'm very disappointed in this Belka. I use my Belkin at all time, and get a much better sound with Belkana. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq.  It constantly takes forever for it to copy to and off of it. It's soooo sloooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as advertised and I get the feeling that this card is not fully compatible with SD Audio. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered, but I have been unable to use it due to poor sound quality. This card is soooo sloooooow. I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio, and the only time I can use it is when it's plugged in. It takes forever to copy anything to/from and from it. It's also very, very loud. The only thing that might help with that is to use a high-quality earphone or earmuff with it, but even then it's still very much in use. I've used better and worse products in this price range, but never this one. I was very happy with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio MP3 player and radio until I bought this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and it takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and use it as my primary digital camera.  No speed or performance improvement is possible 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. I used to own but lost it in the mail. The other day I got it back in the mailbox and I used it to copy everything to and off it.The only good thing about this card is that it is SD Audio and therefore can be used with all of the Audio software that comes with the products (Audacious, VLC, xAMP, etc.).The only thing that bothers me about this is that if you copy anything very large and/or slow (such as mp3 or video), you can't get it to work at all. I have burned and copywound many copies of movies to and w/out success. It takes a very long time to copy even very small video or mp3 files to and out of it. This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs just for the fact that they came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Well, 2 days into owning and using these discs, I'm running out of space on my CD player. I can't use them at all. They work great for my digital camera and ipaq, but not much else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and MP3 Audio. It takes forever just to copy any of the audio to and out of it.  It takes ages to copy even the most basic of files to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost all my SD Audio and video.The other day I tried it again.I also lost all the SD Audio/Video.WTH is that?I don't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player.I use it only for my ipaq.I'm using the Belkin now.I can't use SD Audio anymore.It's all copy and paste now.The Belkin doesn't work either.I've burned a copy of the Belka.WOW is that.I have burned many Belkin's but never Belka's.I expect Belka will work for the time being.I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes ages to copy any photos or video to and with it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipe and ipaq. It's soooo sloooooow. I used to own but gave it away. It took forever to get my Kingston 256MB SD video back.The only good thing about it is that it's very small, so it's not as noticeable as larger Panasonic I used it for. But otherwise fine.I've burned many mAH batteries on this one, and it's always the last time I use a card. I get the feeling that the others are toast as well.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. Not a single time have I used it for anything else.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any big files to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good electronic device I've used is my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that the other parts of the device are very fragile as well. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked for a year.Now I can't use it at all.I've used better products. They work better. But not for the price I pay just for the privilege of using it.The DVD player keeps skipping and skips if there's even the slightest smudge on a good DVD.WTH is that?It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in a remote location. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It's even worse if you try to copy your digital camera to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these cards in use on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa, ipv, mp4, ipx, ipq, ipd and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it in Brasil.  I'm returning it now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my card. I was very happy with my previous purchases from Amazon, but not this one. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both require SD Audio and have this card.I'm using Belkin. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using a Belkin and it's much better. I've had Belkin's made by Belkin, but they were much sloooooow. Belkin makes it take forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had three of these now and each one has had the same problem.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipq and ipaq.  Each has had their serial numbers altered.  It's very time consuming to get it to work.  That being said, I've spent hundreds of dollars on other products and they have all been defective.  This is not acceptable.  Price isn't everything to everyone's taste, especially when it comes to quality and cost.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture the HD video from my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It worked for a year or so until I used SD Audio and discovered that every time I plugged in the audio device, the audio quality dropped by about 5 dB. This is soooo sloooooow.I have burned my own CD's and still can't get good sound.I'm using a Zoom H532MB SD Audio unit that I bought online and have used it with good results. I'm returning the Kingston 256MB SD card just for the sake of my ears.I use it for my iPod, ipaq, ipc camera, ipa and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using the Kingston 128MB SD version now and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and found out that it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It worked fine for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.I'm using SD Audio, but can't use it for anything else now. I've used better products in the past, but not at this price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Belkin and it has been a total disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever (on average) to copy any software to and use it. I've used better and worse. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great for a year. I finally gave up on returning it to Amazon. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling this card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's not my SD Audio or VGA, which are much faster. It's definitely not SD Audio, which is my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these cards for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. Each one has had its serial number "faked" by a different company. They work great for all three. But now they are all very slow. I have returned all three units now. The only thing that has changed is that now I use "SPC" brand Kingston 256MB SD card. That has worked perfectly and I am very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipv, ipq, ipx, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipc, ipq, ipec, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it was the first time I've used it. I've now had to use it 3 times and each time it's been defective.The only good thing about it is that it's the only time I used my Kingston 256MB SD card, but that's no consolation to anyone who bought this and is now having problems with it.The other day I used the Belkin. It worked much better, but it's much less expensive and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  It's just not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipak, ipcs, ipq and ipaq all use it as their primary SD Audio/Video. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to it. I'm using it with my Sony QXC and can't get it to copy to or from it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq all of which had their own power adapters. I used this one for all three of them. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs just as advertised.The last 5 or so failed, and I've thrown away the discs. I'm using them now, and they work great. If anyone from Kingston or Sony is paying attention to the performance of their products, they need to stop making flimsy products like these.  I've used better products, but this one is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipak, ipa and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipx and ipaq. I get the feeling that the others have the same problems. I've used better and worse. This is sooooo sloooooooooooth. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised and they work great for a year now. I used them in Brasil and lost all of my data. I have bought and returned 3 of these now and each one has the same problem. I'm using SD Audio now but it's soooo sloooooow. I use my Belkin and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It was the very first time I've used this. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I've had better and worse units but never the same one. I used to work with my digital camera. It worked perfectly and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and both work great. I can't get them to work with any of my digital cameras or ipaqs. I'm using CF card. This is unacceptable. I used it with my Sony Rebel XT camera and used the included SD card. Worked perfectly.I'm using it with the Panasonic I used to record my first 4 or 5 movies on my digital cam.I use SD card for my iPod and digital camera. I won't be buying this card any longer. I've used and returned it several times now. I don't use it with it's included CF card anymore. It's such a pain to use now.I also use SD Audio and video. I get the feeling that it's only recording with them. I just throw them in and out of the card as needed. If you use them with it, you'll have to use CF.I used it for a digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, and ipa. It worked perfectly with all three of them. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever just to copy something to and to and tl;dr it's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and it takes forever for them to copy to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs because I used them to store my MP3 and DVD movies.The first time I used these discs, I burned them. They burned fine. The next time I did, I got the feeling that the discs were poorly made and would burn better with some practice. Well, I did. I put the disc back on the shelf and burned another 5 or so of them. This time, I get the feeling these are the only ones I can get a good burn on. I'm using the Panasonic I used to record my TV shows and mp3 and watch them with. I don't know who thought it was a good idea to use these for that. The last 5 or 10 I've burned, they've all burned fine, but they're giving me errors about 30 to 45 seconds into burning. I get "Bad Disc" errors about 5 to 10 percent of the time. It's very frustrating to watch any decent digital media files burn to and it's even more of a hassle to get them to work with my DVD player. I've tried using different brands of these and each one gives me different results. I have burned many, many, MANY of them now and this is the one that's giving me the most trouble. The other brands don't give me any errors at all. I used my CD player and radio and everything's fine. This one's just giving me "Bad Audio" errors. I can't burn anything else with these. It makes my sound quality worse.I'm very disappointed in these products. I use them for my MP2 and MP3 audio. I burn everything else with Belkin or Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I was very happy with Belk's products until I tried these out. I burned Belk with no problems.I hope Belk or Sony will get their products in stock soon and offer better prices. I know Belk is being a bit "nickel and dimed" with their products these days, but I'm not buying them at this price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipec, ipac, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Well, the last time I used it, it gave me the BSOD "Bad Disc" error. This is unacceptable. I've burned many discs, but never with these cards. It's almost as if someone has put them back on the original but failed to read the new ones. They work great on the other end, but they will not work with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to record my DVD and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that makes it work is the fact that it's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever just to copy any of those to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now, and each one has had this same problem. I used it in Brazil and it developed the day I got back. I also use it for my iPod and remote, and both have developed this problem.The other day I used a different brand of SD card, and it worked much better. I'm using it with my Panasonic I used to own, but the other two just won't work with it. I've also tried using SD Audio and it doesn't work either. I use it with Amazon MP3 and VLC, both of which work great. I have burned it to a DVD, and that works too.The only saving grace is that the unit comes in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I get the feeling that it's the card, but I'm not putting it back on just yet. I hope it's just the case of the defective SD card. The other three I've returned, and they work perfectly now. I just hope my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player. Each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with it. The only saving grace is the fact that it can be formatted to work with SD Audio and still work perfectly. I just can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that there's been a recent power outage at some point in time.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it has been in continuous use ever since 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. I use it for everything else now, but I can't use it now. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it on a trip to Hawaii. It worked much better in the US but I'm using it now in Brasilia. It's taking forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  The only thing that stops it from failing is the fact that it is brand new.  I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised. It worked for a month or so until I got the feeling that the SD Audio and MAM libraries were no longer working. I've spent over 30 bucks on this card now, and I can't use it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use my Panasonic and Sony audio/video, and the card takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've used much better and much worse. I'm buying now from Amazon as usual is the way to go, but if I have to use this again, I'm just going to give up on ever buying from Amazon ever again. It just takes forever, and it's not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and now I can't use it at all. I'm using it for all my digital camera and ipaq and now it won't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse of these products over the years, but never from this one. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc and ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of these to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to record my digital camera and mp3 player on and it didn't work. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I've spent over 2 hours on it now, and everytime I try to copy something to andfrom it, it's the same story. I'm using the Belkin Belkin as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq mp3 players. No success at all.  I use Belkin's Belkin because Belkin takes forever too.  If you use Belk's Belk Belkin Belkin will work better.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly.  Not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it until I bought these SD Audio and OPA2 adapters and found out they work great for only about 5 or 10 minutes. They get really warm after that time and you have to use them as if they were new. They are soooo sloooooow. You can't even run my digital camera at full volume with it anymore. I'm using these now but I'm definitely going back on my shopping list now. They work great on my Sony MP3 player and radio, but not at all with my digital cameras.  I'm going to try my luck with a different brand and hope that my luck holds out for the long run. If not, I'm just going to return it right now.  So if you are buying these for anything other than your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc or ipaq/hifi, you are definitely wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it to replace my Belkin. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked perfectly for a month or so, until it started working sporadically and I had to reformat it. I've used better products, but not at this price point. I'm using it for my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq monitor. No way to get it to work with these products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player. It took forever to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that saves you from wasting time is to keep the batteries in use. The other option is to just get a different brand. I did. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever for them to copy to and off it. I've used and returned it three times now. Each time, I'm forced to reformat it, use different adapters, and pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the adapters. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipe and ipaq. The only saving grace is that the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I formatted it to work with SD Audio. I can't play anything except for MP3 and WMA. The other formats sound great but get distorted and lose quality over time.  I use my digital cameras and ipac all the time. The card takes forever even to copy them to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only time I've used this card, I've been burned twice. First time I burned my Kingston 256MB SD card. The second time I used SD Audio. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered, and I'm still using it. I used it to copy my photos and music to and from it. No matter how much I reformatted the card, it would not work.The unit came back with "Bad Disc" errors, even after I used the "Repair/Reformat" program to clear it up. I'm using the Kingston 256 MB SD card, and so far I've burned a total of 2.5 "Bad" products from Belkin. Total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes a long time to copy any of my digital camera's photos to andfrom it. I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq, ipak and ipac. It took forever to transfer anything to or from it! I used to own, but this one just takes forever.  It's soooo sloooooow.  I use my digital photography a lot, so I'm very picky about my products and use RMA (return-mah) to send them back. This one takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that the card is so full of clamps that it can't be formatted to work with SD audio. It also takes forever for it to copy any of the photos I take with my camera. It's soooo sloooooow. It makes my camera perform worse.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc, ipx and ipaq.  It makes it soooo turgid and difficult to use.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it cost me 25 bucks just for the batteries. I put them back on, but now I can't use them. I use them for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I have used better and worse units, but never these. They keep getting "Bad Plugged" (I get the feeling that they get more hot than usual) and I can never get the batteries out of them. They also don't hold a charge after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that everytime I plug it in, it will burn the unit. I've burned my last remote twice now. Each time I get the same problem. I have burned a few other digital cameras and mp3 players but never with this one.The other night I tried putting it back on and it burned it a second time. I put it back only to get the dreaded "Bad Disc" error. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture some of my HD video and audio. The only problem is that the card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's not even the original, which is super 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used a different brand of SD Audio. It worked much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the UK and used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It worked great for one week and I now have three separate reports from people saying that their units are not working anymore. I get the feeling that this is the end result of poor quality SD Audio. I've spent a lot of time with audio and digital camera products over the years and never had this problem with these products. I'm using my trusty Belkin as usual but these Belkin's just suck. I use Belkin to replace my Belkin and it always takes forever to copy anything to and from it.The only thing that I like about these Belkins is the fact that they're much smaller than Belkin but that's about it. The Belkin is much more expensive and takes up more space on your power strip. I used to own but I gave it away as advertised.I used it to replace Belkin for my Belka and it worked great until Belka started working again. Now Belka takes forever copying anything to or from it and I can't get any sound from my digital cameras or mp3.The Belkin was supposed to be the future of Belkin. I now just have Belka in my Belk, Belka is my Belko and I'm sticking with Belkin all the way.  I hope Belkin gets more popular but until then Belk is my product of choice.  If anyone at Belkin ever reads this review about something that they do not think is a good electronic device, I suggest that they either get Belk or Belkin2. Belk takes up much less space on power and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I also use Belk for my iPod and ipaq and Belkin just doesn't hold a charge anymore. It's also sooooo sloooooow to copy any files to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.I used it to copy them to and from.The card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for all my digital cameras and mp2s.I'm using it for a few more copies now and I'm using SD Audio.It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. Well, I've now had to throw away the entire card due to the fact that the SD Audio and MP3/MP4 Audio are not working. This is such a disappointment, and I'm very disgruntled with it.I have used Kingston 256MB SD Audio/MP3/M3U, and it worked perfectly. Now I'm using the Belkin Belkin 3MP/5MP, which takes up 2MB of space on the card, and is much less efficient. I used to own, but it was defective. I returned it, and they work perfectly now.I'm using it with my Sony Rebel XT and MAM. Both work great. I use it to record video.The Belkin is much much sloooooow. I'm a professional videographer/photographer. I don't use it for my MP3 or Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. Each has a different speed and quality of performance. The last time I used it, I formatted the card to work with SD Audio, but the audio quality is so sloooooow. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio file, but even with that, the sound is so turgid and poorly produced that I can't use it as my primary audio device at all.  It's such a shame that Sony and Panasonic are using this design now, but I'm going to try my luck with different SD Audio formats and hope that it's possible to get better sound out of this one.  I'm also very disappointed with the fact that you can't get SD Audio through the digital camera or ipaq as usual. It's very turgacious and poorly recorded.  As usual, you get the feeling that you're using CD player and radio, but that's just not the case at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It was soooo sloooooow and laggy. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac and ipaq. I used to replace it with another one, but that one takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo flimsy. I use it to copy to andfrom it all over the world, but have so far failed to copy any of my digital photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player.  I use a lot of digital photos and mp3s on these devices and the CF card takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy DVDs to and from it. This one is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both of them require that it be formatted for use. It's just too sloooooow to copy to and out of them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to write anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever (5 or more attempts) to copy it back to and out of it. This card has a high failure rate and is only recommended for digital camera and mp3 player use. This is such an expensive card that I can't use it for anything else now. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 Player.I hope it doesn't take forever to get my other 3 digital cameras working with it. I used to own but gave it away because I'm having problems with it working with SD Audio and mow's mp3 audio. It's also taking forever to burn the software to work with it either.The other 2 work great. It just takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very disappointed in it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipx and ipaq. It's soooo sloooooow.I used to copy a few movies to and out of, but they took forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is sooooo sloooooow.  I used it to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever to copy even the simplest of things to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is soooo sloooooow.  It's almost as if it's "storing" data.  This card only takes up 2MB/s. I use SD Audio and mp3. It takes ages to copy any of those to and off of this card.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card as advertised and I'm using it in Brazil.The only problem is that it's soooo sloooooow.I've used better and worse products in my time, but never at the same price point.I'm using this one for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac and ipaq mini.The sound quality is fine for those products, but not so much for my mp3, ipad and ipac.The other two products use SD Audio. I'm so used to using it's the Lossy Audio, but I can't use it with these products.I can't return it now, as advertised. I spent about 30 bucks just on the product itself and I can get my money back only if I pay the full asking price of the product.I don't know who else would pay almost 30 bucks JUST for the product! I'm very careful with my purchases at Best Buy, but this is just one more reason why I don't use them.I hope it's not a defect, but until they get their act together, I'm not using them anymore.  I've bought and returned three of these now and each one has been defective in some way or another. I just wated at least 30 bucks on three of them. I hope I'm just one of the lucky ones. If someone from Xtreme's management is paying attention, they need to take a much more serious look at their product development and production processes.  Don't expect your first product to come in the mail in 5 days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this on Amazon because I needed a few. I received my Kingston 256MB SD Audio just as advertised.The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which require CF card audio. I have burned and re-burned every time I get the feeling that the SD Audio is not working. I've burned and reformatted it many, many times, but the same problem remains.  It takes forever for anything that takes up more than 5 minutes to copy. It's even slower with larger digital camera video. I'm using the CF card version of the product, so there's no reason for it to take forever to burn and reassemble it. It just isn't worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these many times now and each time I've had to pay for the full cost of the Kingston 256MB SD card just because the card doesn't work. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I've used better and worse products from Amazon and these cards always come in the worst of those recommendations.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You get the feeling that this card is only intended for SD Audio.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes ages to copy everything to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipv, ipx, ipq, and ipaq. All three have failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of these to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I've tried every brand and size and this one is the worst. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The first time I put them on, I got the feeling that the "labels" were defective and the "products" were poorly made.I used them in Brasil and got the same results 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and now I can't use or return it. I'm very satisfied with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my iPod and now it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing I can say about this card is that I've used it twice now and each time I've had to use it only one time. I've now burned my NTFS and FAT formatted the card, but I can't use it with SD Audio.The other thing I find is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipac, ipaa, ipq, ipax, ipad, ipec, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have spent over 15 bucks on this card now.  I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. The first time I used it, it worked great for about 5 minutes. After that, I get the feeling that the card is working with SD Audio/MP3. It's not a big deal to use CD/MP4/WAV, but not as easy to use as it should be. I've returned it now twice. The second time, I just gave up on returning it. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using SD Audio and MP3. I get very annoyed with this at any volume level. It doesn't work with other audio formats either. It takes forever to transfer anything to/from it. If you're using it for anything other than SD Audio or MP3, it's essentially useless. Don't expect to get it replaced or refunded for any other reason than the fact that you used it for something else.  It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never from this one. I'm using it in Brasil and expect it to work there. If not, I'm going to get a new one asap. I just wated hundreds of bucks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is only good for SD Audio and not for anything else.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as advertised. I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require SD Audio. Worked great until I plugged it in. I can't get it to work. I used to own but got a 5 pack of them on this very day. Guess what? I can now get it working but I'm very disappointed in it's performance.  The sound quality is fine for my mp3 and camera. The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. They work great with SD Audio. However, I get the feeling that the audio is being generated at the same time. Not as much bass as expected. It's also very turgid and slow to copy anything to and from.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq monitor. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used a different brand of SD card, but that one took forever too.The only thing that saves it is the fact that it is built in. But, since it takes forever to format it, that is no longer a saving grace.  I am very dissatisfied with my purchases and I'm returning my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. This card is soooo sloooooow. I'm using it with my Kingston 128MB SD, but I'm just going to keep using my Kingston and buy some now that the SD card is more readily available. I can't believe they recommend buying the 256MB one now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. I've burned several copies of the image and each one takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly for 3 days. I used to copy my movies to and from it.The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and out of it. You get the feeling that someone at Sony thought it would be a good idea to put SD Audio on this. It's not even worth the price that Amazon is asking for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipq, ipec, ipx, ipy, ipe, ipc, ip.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy anything from a DVD player to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it for my digital camera or mp3 player at the same time. It takes forever to copy any video or audio to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio/MP3/MP4/WMA/MP2/3.5Mb MP3/AAC/MPEG/AIF/WAV/WTV are all lossy or very slow down. This is unacceptable for any recording or multimedia device. This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to/back.I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipac and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. I used this as the original, which came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked great for 3 days.The last time I used the unit, it started working again after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and it takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card. I've burned many copies to and back from it, but each time it takes longer than usual to copy. I expect this is my only option for future purchases.  I used to own, but have since sold on and now use Sony.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both of them quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipek, ipq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from these. This card's design is sooooo sloooooooow. It makes it soooo slow that it can't be formatted for SD video.The other thing about this card is that the other end of the card doesn't work with SD Audio. I used to own but it's defective. I'm going to return it and get a new one.  It's too expensive to pay the asking price just for the sake of having it work with your other gear. I get the feeling that these cards are soooo popular because people are putting them in their digital camera's or mp3 players' CF cards just to get the extra space. Don't waste your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only time I've used a digital camera or mp3 player, they work much better with this card. I've also used it with a digital Camera and it doesn't work with it at all.  I've had it developed and it's still not perfect.  It can't be formatted to work with SD Audio or mp4. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. The first time I used this card, I put it back on. It worked for a month or so. Then I used SD Audio and MP3.The only problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio for my mp3 player and radio. It takes forever just to copy the audio to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to copy and back up my digital camera and mp3 player. I get the feeling it's only getting worse. I've used much better ones but they have always been much slower. The only thing I can recommend is using SD Audio or WAV Audio.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from these cards.  I've also used SD Audio and WAV. The WAV is much faster and takes up less space on your card.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my video and it just didn't work. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipec, mp3, and ipaq player. All work fine with this card.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've returned it and gotten new ones. They work great now.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brazil and it took forever to transfer anything to or from it there. I returned it and got the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is that?  It's soooo sloooooow. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ipec, ipx, ipj, ipak, iprem, ippr, ipr, ipv4, ipxi, ipxx, ipzz, ipz2, ipxt, ipyx, ipzx, ipy3, ipza, ipax, ipay, ipap, ipcc, ipca, ipcs, ipco, ipf, ipfs, ipgr, ipgv, iph2,  It also takes forever just to copy any photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Both of these devices take forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products, but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, but two failed. I used the other two, but one failed too. I'm using it in Brazil and I'm very confident it's my software. I've spent hours on this, and I have yet to come across a working card.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a disappointment, especially for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in this price range. The one I used to copy my DVD and Radio, both of which require the use of the SD Audio. This one doesn't work. I have spent over 15 bucks on Amazon on this product, yet have been denied twice. I can't use it for anything at all. The only reason I'm buying this now is because of the great price point and lack of return/exchange policy. This isn't worth the asking price at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy and save my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to format and copy anything back to and out of it. It's soooo sloooooow. It also takes forever and a day to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my SD Audio and DVD backups.I'm using it for all of my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.I have used better and worse products in the past, but never U P C C E or SD Audio or DVD. This one just takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card is soooo sloooooow, especially when copying anything to/from digital camera or mp3 player.  The only saving grace is that it can be formatted to work with SD Audio, but that's about it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq to/from it. It takes ages to copy any of these to/ from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Vorbis 2.5 MB mp3 files.The other day I tried using it in Brasil. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Unfortunately, after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and now it's completely worthless.I've used better and worse. I bought this brand on Amazon and it worked great until I tried it out. It worked great with my Kingston 256MB SD audio and MP3.MP3 and AAC were distorted. I've used other brands but never this one. I'm using it for my iPod and digital camera.MP4 and AVI were fine.WTH is that? I use it for everything now and can't return it. It's too expensive and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I used to own but got this one at my local Best Buy because I needed it. The other brands I've bought are much more expensive.This one is definitely not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes so long to copy to and out of it that I have given up on buying these products 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo slow that I can't even use it for my digital camera.I've tried returning it to B&H, but the return address I got back was defective. They don't work with SD Audio and can't be formatted to work with HD Audio. It doesn't even work with digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.I'm returning my copy of The Godfather, The Matrix, and The Dark Knight. I can use them now, but I'm very concerned about the future. I'm using it for everything from digital camera to ipaq, mp4 player and mp3. I won't even return it to Amazon because they can't exchange it for another one. I spent a lot of money on Amazon just for the return shipping. The product itself is sooooo slooooooow that I'm just using it as a copy/mow/copy/mover. I use SD Audio all the time on my digital cameras, mp2 and ipa, and it takes forever.  This is sooo sloooooooow that it makes my digital Camera lag, and the only way I can get it to copy to/from it is by taking it out of the mail, ripping it to andfrom it, and then reusing it. I don't know who thought that was a good idea, but it's definitely not something that's supposed to be used for anything other than that.The only saving grace is that the price is soo low that I have to use it with a lot less expensive products.  I use it on my ipaq and mp2, and that's it.  It's such a disappointment that I've returned all of my other purchases from Amazon. It has taken forever to get my money back from these purchases. I've used better, faster SD Audio/MP3/AVR products from Kingston and Memorex, but not at this price point.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and ipaq at the same time. The only thing that keeps it completely secure is that the other side of the card is much faster. Soooo slooooow. I used it to run my digital cameras and ipac.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase at Amazon as usual.  But this time I'm just going to give up on buying and returning it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  I'm using it with Amazon and I'm paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the adapters.  The only reason I'm buying these now is because I'm having a lot of trouble with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I'm very careful using it and have burned many copies to andfrom it. The last one I burned worked fine, but the first one I used with my digital cameras and mp3 players worked great. I thought that it was my card, so I used SD Audio, but that didn't work either.  These cards just suck. I used Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and it worked perfectly. So, if you're using these, be very careful, burn many copies of anything to/from it, and be very satisfied with it. If it takes forever for you to copy something to/ from it, it's definitely not the SD Audio or the other parts of your card.  If you use it with other digital cameras/ mp3 Players/ ipaqs, expect to pay almost 30 for the price of just the adapters 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones but this one has major lag and slow down when anything large or complex is copied. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this card just as advertised.The only problem is that the card is soooo sloooooow. You can't use SD Audio and DVD at the same time. I've burned many good quality DVDs using this card and get the "Bad Disc" errors. I'm using Realtek's Audio Codec. This is unacceptable for any digital camera or digital camera. I used to buy online, but now I can't get the same results.The other problem is the fact that this card is SOooo sloooow.  I use it for my Panasonic SD Audio (MP3) and Sony HD Audio (FLAC). I'm sure there's some extra space on the SD Audio or the HD Audio, but I'm just not using it.I'm soooo disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised and it worked for a few months. It then started failing after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipq, ip and ipaq. It takes almost 3 hours just to copy the pictures and sound from and to it.I have used better and worse products in the past. The worst is always the last time I use a bad one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It is soooo sloooooow.  I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture the last 5 minutes of our wedding. I used it to take photos, but found out after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that you can copy anything you put it back on, but it takes forever. I have spent over $30 on these cards now. I use them for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. All three have had to be formatted to work with these cards. I'm very disappointed in these products.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for anything other than my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. This card only has SD Audio. I'm using Belkin 2MP digital camera. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use Belkin's 3MP digital cam and it takes forever just to copy any video to and out of it. This is such a disappointment. I used to own and returned for a full refund.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised. Worked for one day and then quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year of use I can say that this card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just for this purpose.  Don't expect to get 4 or 5 bucks off on buying from Amazon.  This card just takes forever, and I'm paying the full asking price just for that.  If you copy anything from and to it, it will corrupt the file and throw an "Bad Disc" error on your copy.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and I was very disappointed in it. I used to run my remote, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just for my remote and ipak. I have used SD Audio, MP3, and WMA. It takes forever to burn these to and From these cards.It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my ipaq and ipc. It's sooooo slooooooooookey 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. The only thing that has worked is my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost it. I've returned to the US but am having trouble getting it to work. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera a lot, mp3 and mp4 files, and all of them take forever to copy. This card makes even the slowest SD Audio (with the highest quality settings) take forever. It's especially annoying with digital camera use as the card is constantly full. I've burned many copies of each file, but have come up with the same results each time. I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. No luck with that one. I used it with SD Audio using the excellent Sony 256MB Audio. That one takes forever to burn.  I use it with LEXAR's Rebel XT DVD player. No success either. I get the feeling this card is meant for SD Audio only, not HD Audio or CD Audio.  So if you burn anything larger than 2MB of data, expect to get a lot of errors. I also used it in Brasil, where it was advertised as being "Class 3" (meaning it should work with SD, SD Audio and CD Audio), but failed miserably. I returned it to Amazon, who said the unit came in the mail the very same day Iordered. I have burned many more copies of the same file now, and each one has failed. The unit came as advertised, but I'm now using it primarily for my digital camera, mp4 player and ipaq. I won't be buying these ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD audio is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards are only used for SD video, and don't hold a charge at all. I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx and ipaq2. All of them quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and now I can't copy anything at all.I get the feeling that someone at Sony made a very big mistake with these units. I'm buying a lot of these now, just in case they don't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq.The other day I used it for the first time and it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This card also has a high failure rate and I've had three of them in the last year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to run my digital camera and mp3 player and both of them failed.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is that?! It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used Kingston 256MB SD SD, SD and SDHC.WAT is that?I used to run a digital camera.The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes ages to copy to and off of it. It's like using a 4 pack of gum.Worth the asking price just for the name "Apple"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three of these cards now. Each one has been defective and now they don't work at all. It's not my SD Audio or Video. It can't be that the SD Audio and Video have to be formatted to work with this card. It is soooo sloooooow and laggy. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipq, ipac, ipak, and ipaq. The card takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've also burned my own copies of all the software, including the drivers, and they work fine. It's sooooo sloooooooow.  I'm using it to copy and burn all my digital photos. I'm not just using it for digital camera and mp3. It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it back in the USA. It was soooo sloooooow. I used SD Audio, MP3, and Radio. They all take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's a pain in the ass to use.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq.  All three require special adapters to work with this.  This is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera. I used it for my digital video camera and mp3 player. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The card is sooooo sloooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised.WTH is the case with these cards? Is it that their data/power adapters don't work anymore? No. It's that their own power adapters don?t work at all. I use these all the time. I thought I was doing something wrong, so I put it back on, and now it won't work. I'm using Belkin and Belkin 2M mAH batteries, which work great. I won't buy these anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered.WTH is that SD Audio? It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I also get the feeling that this card is prone to corruption or worse, that there is no SD Audio output at all.  If there is, it's almost certainly full of SD Audio, which is soooooo slooooooow. The only saving grace is that it can be formatted to work with SD Audio. If this is the case, the unit will work for about 5 minutes before giving up.Worth the full asking price just for the privilege of using it as usual for my MP3 player, ipaq and digital camera. The other products I've used that work with HD Audio work much better.  It's really too bad about this one. I use it to run my digital cameras and mp3 players. It takes ages to copy any of their media to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player. I can copy all three of them to and out of it, but then the copy rate drops to almost nothing. This card takes forever and a day to copy a single digital photo to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just for this purpose. I just can't believe anyone would pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card. I've tried different brands and sizes, but this one just isn't any better.  I can't use my digital camera any longer and have lost all the data on it. It's now taking forever to format and copy anything back to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this card, I used it to copy over my digital camera. It worked great until the card came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever (even with a SD Audio audio/MP3 player) to copy the same file to andfrom it. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just for the MP3 player and digital camera and won't be buying these ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card all over the place now and can't get the 5MP digital camera to work with it. I'm using my SD Audio, but the video is sooo slooooo-mo and grainy. It's very expensive and I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card just won't work with this card. I've used the same brand and same unit number, but the results are the same.I've used Kingston 256MB SD and SD 256MB, both work perfectly. I'm using this unit to copy and run my video and audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  Each time I get the feeling that the card is full of clamshell adapters.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use my camera and digital camera all day long to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any data to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it was soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod and ipaq, and both of them require an SD Audio or LEXAR audio adapter. This one just won't work at all.I'm using it for all my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipa mini. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it.  This is soooo disappointing, especially since I just purchased these on Amazon as usual.  I'm going to try and return the defective units, but I'm also going to throw away my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used to copy any of my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq to and from it. It took forever to copy anything to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my DVDs to and off of it, but everytime I try to copy the video it gives "Bad Disc" errors. I'm using my MediaQuest Pc and not my Belkin. I just give up on trying to use it now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked for a year or so. I used my camera almost every day for a week or so, and it still did not work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised, and they work great for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. All three of them work great, but one of them just gave me the feeling that the other two were not working at all. I use them for my ipaq and mp3, so I'm assuming that it's my remote, which is a total rip-off. I'm using Amazon's Amazon 2 pack of 5 mAH batteries, and those work great.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use them to copy anything to or from them. It takes forever to copy something to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised, but they work only with SD Audio. The only way I can get it to work is to use software. That's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3, ipaq and ipaq. All three use it and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You get the feeling that someone at Kingston had to spend a lot of time on this one to come up with a design.  It's soooo slow that I can't even run my camera or mp3 player at full speed with it. I get the impression that this card is designed for SD Audio and can't handle the much higher bit rates used in HD Audio.I have burned multiple copies of any good electronic device on and burned this one back to back. Each one has taken forever to complete. I have used SD Audio on and off with it and each time I have burned it takes forever. I'm using it for my iPod and mp3. It takes forever just to copy them to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the card is full at all times, and you get the sense that it will work better with a little work.  You can't even use SD Audio with it.  This card is such a disappointment.  I used it in Brazil, and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.It's soooo sloooooow.  Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling that this is the only one of its kind. I'm using SD Audio and WMA. Both take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card just takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy my Digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It took forever to complete the copy. I'm using it to run my digital camera, ipa and mp3 and ipa radio. It's taking forever to run these programs.  This is such a disappointment. I use SD Audio and mpq, so I use it for my mp3, ipac and ipac. It still takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling that these cards are only good for reading and writing to/from them. I'm using SD Audio and WAV, both of which require higher-speed SD Audio. This card can't be formatted to work with either one of them. The only good thing about this card is the price. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  If you get the impression that this is the norm for all Kingston 256MB SD Audio or WAV files, you're in for a very long time with these. The other day I burned my own copy to work. Guess what? It worked great. No errors or slow down whatsoever. It's such a shame that this one is even in use. If anything, I would get Rid of It 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I've used better ones. This one is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I used it with my Sony MCD player, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq monitor. All of them used SD Audio. I put it back on, and it takes forever to copy anything to/from/to/from. I'm using it with an Amazon Prime account, and Amazon's customer service is super. I get the feeling that their product development is shoddy.  They should really consider investing in some better quality SD Audio and SD Audio/MP3 adapters. It's super annoying to use it with CD player and radio. I can't use it for anything else. It takes forever just to copy/move anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used SD Audio and the sound quality is fine. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. The sound quality deteriorates dramatically when transferring anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use my camera all the time, mp3, mp4, mp2, and mp3. The only time I get the feeling I'm using a digital camera is if I try to copy something to and out of it. It's soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my mp3 player and ipaq, so I expect it's the only thing that takes up space on there.  You can't get the impression from reading the reviews that everyone else has had the same experience 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get laggy and slow down everytime I use these cards. I've burned them using SD Audio and WAV. Nothing works.  I've wasted countless hours on this one.  Don't expect to get your digital camera or ipaq back up to full speed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipad, ipec, ipc, ipas, ipq, and ipaq. I have used better and worse products from different manufacturers. This one is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  No SD audio or video quality.  I'm using a Belkin and Belkin2.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It was soooo sloooooow and I used to copy anything to and from it. I used the DVD and radio to copy everything.The only thing that makes it "worth" buying is the price.  I use it to copy digital photos and mp3 audio files. The only time I use and/or return it is for my digital camera and ipaq. Not for anything else. It takes forever to copy any large file to and/from it.I also use it for my ipaq and mp2 player. It's soooo laggy and slow that it takes forever for them to copy the file to/from.I've returned it now. It took forever to return it because I used my camera and mpaq a lot while using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many hours of CD audio and lost a good 25 bucks on this purchase alone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors on every 3 or 4 re-copies. I use it to watch all my movies on my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mini. No matter what I do, the player keeps giving "Bad disc" errors. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is only getting better as time goes on.  The only thing that stops me from throwing it away is the fact that I can get my Kingston 256MB SD video at 60 fps on this card.  It's soooo sloooooow.  I'm using it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  That said, I'm definitely not buying these cards just for that purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc and ipaq. I use SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors on every 4 or 5 re-copies I put it back on, even after the manufacturer's recommended resynchronization.  I'm using it to burn my movies to and it's taking forever to get them to work.I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio quality is very nice for watching movies and listening to music, but if you move the volume up or down, it will distort the sound. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. No other sound device can make it sound this bad.  The only thing that stops it from being totally inaudible is the volume setting.  It is soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. I used it with my digital cameras and mp2 player, both of which have burned good reviews about their sound and durability.The only problem is that I've burned countless hours on this card and it's still not working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated almost 30 bucks just on the day Iordered. They work great for one night and the next day I can't copy anything to and from them. I'm using them as backups, mp3 and video, and I can get 4 or 5 out of one before the other two burn. That's a lot of wasted money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just for that purpose. The only way to copy anything to and from it is using the SD Audio/Video codec. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera all the time and get frustrated with it not working. I've burned the card and it doesn't work.  I've tried using my camera as usual but get the feeling it's reading the wrong card. I'm using a SD Audio and LEXAR Audio and both of them work great with this card. This card just isn't designed for it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it now, but I'm not going to use it any more. I use it for everything else now. I've used better and worse, but this is by far the worst. I used to own, but since I've bought these, I can't get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio to work with them. I get "Bad Disc" errors, even after I've burned my copy to a CD. That's not a good electronic device. It's just that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio and CD audio quality is average at best. The sound quality is soooo sloooooow and muddied.  You can't use your CD player and radio any longer.  The only good thing about this is the fact that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  I've used some of these and they work great.  But you pay a lot of money just for the fact of the fact you can't get the sound quality you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It took me forever to get it working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. Worked perfectly until I plugged them in. I'm very satisfied with them until the very first time I've used them. They don't work at all. I've tried reading the instructions. All I can say is that I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. That's it. I have burned a lot of time and money on this purchase. I won't be buying them ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD video card just gives me the "Bad" video quality.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipcs, ipx and ipaq.  This one takes forever even to copy it to and off of.  The only saving grace is that it takes up very little space on my SD Audio and WMP3 Player.  I'm using these to replace SD Audio/WMP3 and work much better.  Price is no object, but performance is unacceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I've used better and worse.  Each time I use it, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever even to copy a photo to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used to replace my Belkin and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised.They work great until you plug them in. You get a high failure rate on these cards. You can get better results with Kingston 256MB SD Audio or even SD Audio and AC adapters. The only problem is that they use the SD Audio format. If you use LEXAR's own Audio CD Audio or AMAZ0N, the quality is much better. These are not meant for it. The other thing about these is that you have to pay extra for the "slim" version which includes a plastic case. This is a rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my digital camera and mp3 player to and from it a number of times. Each time I have burned a CD or otherwise lost the data. It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it.I've spent over 3 months with this now.  Each time it has come in the mail the other day with the mailer being the first time it's been used. I've burned and reinstalled several times but each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with the last burn. The unit came in the post exactly 4 days after Iordered. I used it to copy some photos and it burned perfectly everytime.The only good thing about this is that it's super cheap.  Ridiculous price for what you get. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I bought these on Amazon and used them at the car dealership.They work great, just don't expect to get the full use out of them for your digital camera/mp3 player. I did. I got the feeling they'll take forever to get it to work with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that there's a high chance that this card is going to fail after a year or two of regular use.  The card is sooooo sloooooow.  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq, ipaq and ipa, mp4 and ipac, ipac and mp4.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipak, ipa and ipaq. All three have had problems with this card. I use SD Audio, VLC, MP3 and WMP. The only time I can get it to work is if I use my digital cameras SD Audio and VLC. The others lose audio or video. It's such a disappointment in terms of price and performance 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.  It took forever too to copy my SD video to and out of it.The only thing that stops it from taking forever to transfer anything is the fact that it takes forever to format and copy anything that it is formatted for. That's not a lot of time to copy a decent video or even a good one. That being said, I'm still paying the exorbitant price of 30 bucks just for the privilege of using this. I've burned countless copies and have not had a single success with it.I've used better and worse and this one takes forever.  I'm using it in the USA, where people expect and deserve the best and expect nothing less. This one just isn't worth the extra money. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it wrong.  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I use it in the US, but I can't use it at all because of the failure rate. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used this card for both of these. Each one is now full of sound. The only thing I can say about this card is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also very sloooooow. It takes forever just to copy a small video clip to and out of it.  I use it with my digital cameras all the time and it takes ages to copy even the tiniest of clips. You get the feeling that this card isn't even designed for those applications 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio and the microphone both have terrible sound. I used CD player, radio, and ipaq and both still have terrible volume and lack the sound quality of my Belkin. This one is also soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo much cheaper to buy and use Belkin's, but you get the feeling that Belkin would work better for your car much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I used it in Brasil and was very satisfied with it. But after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used to buy online but found out that they only work with SD Audio. I'm using Belkin now, which is super. I use this card for my ipaq and mp2 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones but this one is soooooooo slooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever for it to copy them to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, but it's now clear that I can't copy anything to or from it.  The only way to copy anything from it is to use it in conjunction with a digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, or ipaq. That's it. No options for SD Audio, or CD/MP3 playback. I'm very disappointed in this purchase, as advertised.  This card is soooo sloooooow, and takes forever to copy any video or audio to or out of it. The only use I have for it is as a copy device for my digital camera and mp3/WMA player. That makes it even worse. I can get around 5 mAH on my card, but that's with my card full at 30 mAH.  I'm using it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these cards, and every time I've burned a CD or made a copy to and from them, I've had it come in the mail the next day. This is soooo sloooooow. I use them for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq ipaq. I can't use them with mp3 or video. They're such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the last 3 months. It has been soooo sloooooow. I've been using SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that this card is very full of my SD Audio recordings. I'm using my Zoom H5 mp3 player, and it takes forever just to copy something to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised. They work great for the first month or so, but then they start giving problems. I get the feeling that the mAH batteries aren't making good contact with the mains, or the mahs don't hold a charge as long as advertised 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  It takes ages to copy these to and fro 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq mp3 player. It worked great for the first 2 days.I used it to copy my files to and from it. It takes forever to copy anything to andfrom it now.It's soooo sloooooow.I tried using my Kingston 256MB SD card but that just takes forever. I'm using my Seagate 256MB.I'm also using it for another digital camera and ipak mp3player now. It's sooooo slooooooow now. I can't use it at all.It takes forever for it to write anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to record my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both use it and get the feeling that it's taking forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to copy DVDs and use it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq ipaq.  It takes forever just to copy these items to and out of this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used these cards before, but never for my digital camera. Each one has failed, and I've spent a lot of time and money on this now.  I can't use it for my camera anymore.  If you use SD Audio or SD Video, it's even worse.  The only good thing about these cards is the fact that they work with SD Audio and SD Video.  So you can get away with using these for your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipc, and ipaq.  Not the best use of my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy and store my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  I get the feeling that it's only being formatted for SD Audio.  You get the impression that you're buying these to replace your Belkin's.  That's not the case at all.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed.  I have used and returned three of them now.  Each one has been defective.  This one is soooo sloooooow.  Using SD Audio and DVD, I can't even copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever to copy anything over to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for the first month or so, but after that, everytime I plugged it in, it would give me "Bad Disc" errors. I'm using it with a Panasonic I used to own, but that doesn't help either. I've used better and worse units, but never with this one. The last time I used a different brand, it worked perfectly. I just don't know who would pay almost 30 bucks just for the return of the "Bad" errors 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used and returned three times now, each time receiving the same disappointing results. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I used it in Brasil, and used it with the Kingston 256MB SD audio. It took forever to burn it back to work with the 256MB audio.I'm using SD Audio, and use CD player and radio every day. The Belkin is such an expensive flop. It's soooo sloooooow.I don't use SD Audio and radio at all now, and won't buy it or use it again.  It's such a frustration, and I'm using my Belkin instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it to copy anything and everything to and from it.It takes forever to copy any file to and to and and and it takes forever for it to format itself to work with SD Audio.The only saving grace is the fact that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. If you get the feeling that someone else has already formatted this card, it's your lucky day.I have burned countless copies of and returned each one. Each time I get the "Bad Disc" error. The only way I can get it to work is by using the "Flip-Floppy" method and then burning it back to work. This card takes forever.  I'm not buying them any more 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now. Each time, I have received the same result. I've burned countless hours on this, and I'm now very frustrated with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipak and ipaq ipaq. I've used better and worse, but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it just as advertised.  The first time I used this card, I lost all of my data.The other day I got it back up and worked fine until I used SD Audio. It started playing back corrupted sound.I'm very satisfied with my purchase from Amazon as usual, but be aware that I've wasted my money on this.  I've used better and worse products over the years, but never from Amazon.  It's just a matter of time before someone loses their data because of this.I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving.  You can get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but this one looks soooo sloooooow.I hope it's not my SD Audio, as it's very good.I was very happy with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio before I used these.  This one is soooo slow that I can't even use it to back up or copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the middle of the night and found out that this card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipv and ipaq.I'm using a Belkin, Belkin 2, Belk and Belkin 3. These are very good products.  This one is sooooo sloooooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow.  It takes ages to copy any sort of digital camera or mp3player to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player at all times. This card only takes up to 5/6 of the space on my Kingston 256MB SD card. I'm using SD Audio and the camera/mp3 player work great.I used this for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other day I copied everything from and to it. It took forever to transfer anything back to and out of it. I've used better and worse. This one is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipcc, ipac and ipaq.  It's soooo slow that I can't run my shutter on my camera any longer.I've used Kingston 256MB SD Audio. This takes forever just to copy it to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 players. All of these products work great on my Kingston 256MB SD card. Not with this one. You get the feeling that these products are being sold at Amazon.com as usual. This one is my last remote quit buying from them.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you are paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the cards. You get very little benefit from using SD Audio. I used it in Brasil, and the sound quality is sooooooow. You can't even use CD player and radio. This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just isn't as advertised. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for 5 minutes or so.Then I get the feeling it's working because I've been copying/flashing the images to and from it, so I'm using the original unit. Not so cool with that.I get the impression that it's a cheap/illegacy device from the 1970's, but the pictures don't match the product description. The units I've purchased on Amazon work great. I've used different brands, so it's not my brand. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only reason I use it now is because I use my camera all the time and want it to work properly. This card just won't work with my camera at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it in Brasil and used it at home, and it took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that stops this card from working with SD Audio is the fact that the SD Audio and 3.5 mm audio connectors are not fully compatible. That means that the audio quality is not as good as it should be. I've used better and worse cards, both of which work great with SD audio. This one just doesn't work.  I use it with my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipak, ipc and ipaq. I can't use it at all with those things.  It's just soooo sloooooow.  Not even for recording anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to play MP3 audio. The first time I plugged it in, I found out that the CF card is so full that it can't be formatted to work with this. I used SD Audio, but it's soooo sloooooow. This is such a disappointment.  It's the only time I've used a CF card just for digital camera or mp3 player. It's not even possible to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin but it's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipak and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use my camera almost exclusively. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered, but after a month or so, I can't use it at all.I'm using SD Audio now, and can't get it to work with it either.I use my Panasonic 256MB card now, but it's just as good.I have burned a positive review about an electronic device electronic device to say that it's much better than expected: I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly.It's very fast, and it's so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.That's amazing. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipx, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. It's perfect for all three, but not the last two.I hope my next one will work. I've used better and worse. This one is the worst I've ever used.I was very happy with it until I used SD Audio, and that's when I realized it's not compatible with SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've burned and returned it, but I won't use or recommend it ever again.  It's soooo sloooooow.I used to run my digital cameras and mp3 players, but now it takes forever for it to copy to andfrom it. You get the feeling that the company just doesn't care about their products. If I could use it to run all four of them at the same time, I'd use it. It just doesn.t work that way.It takes forever just to copy and move anything to or from it, which is ridiculous.I also get the impression that the price isn't all that much of an incentive for people to buy these.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and used it to copy anything I made with my other Kingston 256MB SD card. It took forever to copy any of the photos or anything else to and from it. It's also soooo sloooooow. I can't run my digital camera or mp3 player at any decent speed with it. I use it for my digital cameras, mp3 players, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipc, ipq, and ipaq mini. I don't expect it to work with anything larger than that. I'm returning it now. I have purchased different SD and SDHC products on this very site but none have worked for me. I've been very unhappy with my Kingston 256 MB SD card so far. It takes forever to transfer anything to and From it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player, and now both of them refuse to work with it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using this as my digital cameras and mp 3 player. I can't return them to Amazon and get a full 5 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries just for the cost of 3 or 4 from this one. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card just isn't as advertised. The only good thing about this card is that it's brand new, so it's relatively inexpensive. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using SD Audio, which is super. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the privilege of burning it to a CD. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. Each one of them has had it come in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you have a defective card just as if it were the first time you've used it. The other day I used it for my digital camera and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.I also use it for remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to store my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipc, mp3 player, ipx, ipex, and ipaq.  No matter how fast I copy anything, it takes forever for it to work.  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It's also soooo turgid.  You can't use SD Audio or CD player/radio.  Not even with the adapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, ipq and ipaq mp3.  It takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for anything at all.  I use it in my digital camera and mp3 player.  This is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is such a disappointment.  I've used better and worse.  This is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. I use it for my Sony MP3 player, iPod, ipaq, ipc and mp3. All three failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this SD card just for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any data back to and out of it. I use my Belkin every day. It's much better.  The Belkin takes forever just to copy the Belkin. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked great until I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq monitor. No workable connection.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered, but failed to work.I'm very satisfied with my Kingston SD audio and video, but not with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and both failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked for about 5 minutes, but after that it stopped working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs just as advertised, but they all burned perfectly.The last 3 failed, too. I've burned hundreds of discs, but never with these products.I can get better results with Kingston 256MB SD Audio.  I just can't do it with these. I'm burning DVDs now, and I'm using Belkin's. I hope my Belkin doesn't burn in the near future.  Don't expect your Belkin to last long either.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my SD Audio/MP3 player/Radio any longer. I used it with my Panasonic I used to record my TV. I've used better and worse. The worse one I got from Amazon, the better one I've got now from Amazon.  If you use SD Audio or Radio, make sure that the audio/MP2 data is formatted properly. I use a Belkin, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it with this card.The only reason I'm giving it a 3/5 is because it's a Belk. Belk is super.  I use it for my Belkin and other Belkin accessories. It's the Belkin that came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.  No complaints about Belk's.  This Belk just takes forever and I'm very picky about my purchases 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and back up my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. I'm using SD Audio and WAV. The playback takes forever.  I use SD Audio for my mp3. The card takes forever to copy it to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it to copy digital camera's, mp3 player's, ipaq's and ipaqs to and/or from. It takes me forever to get them all to work with it.I am using it with my Sony mp3 Player, Sony camera, and ipak. It's sooooo sloooooow. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipak, mp4 player and ipac. It doesn't work at all with the ipaq or mp3 mp3. It just takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've tried different SD Audio and WMA files, both work great. I can't get it to copy to and of them. This card just won't work.  I've also tried using SD Audio as a software package, but it's soooo sloooooow. I used it with and without it, and it was soooo slow with it that I put it back on and burned the original CD. It took forever to get it back to working. I'm using SD Sound now, but there's no way I'm buying or using this product ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipa, ipec, mpx, and ipaq. All of them failed to copy with it. It takes forever to format it to work with anything else. I use it for Amazon and Amazon products, so I'm very particular about my product's quality. It's a total rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it again in Germany. This time it failed to work. I also have a few other problems with it as well.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  If you copy anything it will take forever to restore it back to working order.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipq and ipaq. It's soooo slow. I get the feeling that the other adapters on this card aren't working either.I use it to copy to andfrom my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it takes forever. I've burned it to work with my Sony 256MB MP3. It still takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card and everytime I get the feeling that something is wrong with it. I get constant "Bad Disc" errors and "Bad Audio" errors.The only saving grace is that the cost is so low that I can use my CF card and get good sound. I'm using CD player, radio, and ipaq.I'm using SanDisk 256MB SD Audio. I thought that was the case with this one but it turns out that's just the sound.The other audio is very muddled.I hope that's the case for everyone else using these as well. I've burned and formatted them but I'm not confident that they work with my current setup. I have burned and re-formatted them twice now but each time I get "Bad" errors or "Bad Loss" after a year of use. The only saving feature is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly but that's another story altogether. You're paying almost 30 bucks just for the sound quality 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo laggy and slow that I can't even use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  I use it in Brasil, Brazil, and have had it developed, but have been so disappointed in the quality and price that I'm going to return it now.  Don't expect to get your money back from this one either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Panasonic CF card and use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac and ipaq mp3 player. I've tried using it with both SD and SD Audio, both work great, but the CF card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.The other thing that bothers me about this card is the fact that the SD Audio is soooo sloooooow. I've used SD Audio on and off over the last year or so. It's not my audio device. It must be my software or my sound card.I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The only problem is that I can't get it to work with these cards. I'm using WMP and it's soooo slow. It took forever to get WMP to work. I'll try different sound programs. Hopefully this one will work. It won't take forever to rip anything to/from it.I've used and returned three of these now. Each one has been defective. They all have been sent back. Each time I've gotten the feeling that the last time I used it the card was full of air. The last time, I used a different brand and the card worked great.I use SD Audio, but not always. I need to use it more. I won't use it with this one. It just takes forever for it to copy even the smallest of files. I can copy anything I put on it to and back from it with CD Audio.It's not just my copy. It can't be formatted to work either. You can get the Kingston 128MB SD card just as fast with the Kingston SD Audio (even at 16/44). You just need to rip and burn it to get it work.I know it's not cost-effective to produce these cards, but I'm still using them. It doesn't matter what you use it as a copy/rip it's still going to take forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, and now I can't copy anything to or from it.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered, but I'm still getting "Bad Disc" errors everytime I burn a DVD.The only solution I've found so far is to copy everything to and from it using my Kingston 128MB SD audio. I'm using this now and can't get the "Bad Audio" errors. I hope this is due to the fact that my unit is defective, as advertised.I've burned a few good quality movies using it now, and it's working great. However, I'm going to try my luck with another product that claims to be compatible with SD Audio. I don't expect to get the same results, but the time wasted on burning coasters is just too high. This is definitely not a "one size fits all" product. It's more of a "If you can't burn anything else, you can at least try to burn this one." If you can burn anything, it's not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and got the feeling that this card was designed for use with Sony HD movies. Not my case. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and MP3. They work great. I'm using it with my Panasonic I used to record my TV shows. I've burned my own copies. This card just won't work with that. I also used it with Amazon.com and they say it's not compatible with their products. I get the feeling this is because the card is soooo sloooooow. I burned my copies. It worked great. Soooo slooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked great until I tried it out in the US. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones but this one takes forever. I'm using SD Audio and MP3. So far, I've gotten 5 mAH and 9 bucks back from buying this. I can't return it because it's brand new and doesn't work with any of my other products. I just can't use it anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy that I can't use it at all. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've returned it and ordered a new one. Guess what? It takes even longer to copy to andfrom it now. I'm very dissatisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The last time I used it, the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked for a couple of minutes, but that's it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my Belkin because that's the only one I've used that has the Belkin's Belkin power adapter. This one is soooo much more expensive, but I'm buying this one as usual just because I can't return it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and got it developed. I used the CD player and radio.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked for a day or so.The sound quality is OK.The only thing that bothers me about this is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never U P C E.  I've burned and re-baked several times, but each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with the card.  It takes a lot longer to copy to and copy from it than it should.  This is such an disappointment and you get the impression that the manufacturer thinks that it's the only one you can get.  The other card is much, much larger. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this card and it is soooo sloooooow.I've used Kingston 256MB SD audio and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only way I've been able to copy and get the work done is using a digital camera and digital camera adapter (not included). This one takes forever too. I used it to copy a digital photo to and with it. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Panasonic SDMP3 and use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera or mp3 player at all. I've used better and worse cards. The worst one takes forever. I can run my SD audio and video, but not the SD Audio and video. It also takes forever for it to copy photos and anything else to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it was soooo sloooooow. I put it back on but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloppy and flimsy.  I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipak, or ipaq ipaq.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. The last one finally gave up on working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had these units now and each one has been defective. I used it at work and the last time I used them they both failed. I use SD video and the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. The only thing that makes it better is the fact that it's a Belkin and Belkin II's are notorious for failure. I just returned them both. I'm returning the Belkin because it's just soooo sloooooow. You get the feeling that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I can't use it for anything other than my digital camera. You can get Belkin's on Amazon for 9.95 on this very same unit. I did. They work great and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I bought them on Amazon because I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance and the cost is so much higher than expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipc camera, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The sound quality is ok for digital camera and ipa, but nothing else can be used. The only thing I can say about it is that it's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never at the same time. It's such a disappointment.  I used to own and was very happy with it. Now I'm just going to give up on using it altogether 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you bought these just to replace your Belkin. They take forever to copy anything to or from them. They're soooo sloooooow and turgid. I used to copy my Belkin, and it took forever to transfer anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipak and ipaq mini.All work great on this card, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin but it's soooo sloooooow and I have burned many CD's and burned many photos. I can't use it for anything else than my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipv, ipq, ipex, ipqs, ipam, ipap, ipec, and ipaq. It worked great for 4 days until I lost my power.  It's a total rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to replace my Belkin. It worked well for the first 2 or 3 uses but after that I have been using it as usual. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio, VLC, and mp3 all of which take forever to transfer to and off of. I have used better and worse and this one takes forever. I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, ipak, ipa and ipaq mini. It's not designed to be used with those and the Belkin is much more robust. I can't return it now because it's soooo sloooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq.WTH is that?I use it for everything else now and can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. All of them use this card. I'm using SD Audio and mp3. The sound quality is good. The only thing that stands out is the sloooooooth of a time it takes to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy a CD to and back from it, it took forever. I also used to transfer a digital camera to and out of it. It took forever to copy any pictures to and form of it, either it's defective or your SD Audio is sooo sloooooooow. Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had it since it came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and mp3 player.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. They work great until the card is full at 3.5 MB/s. After that, the system will not work. I'm using SD Audio.I'm using my Zoom HD camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. I use SD Audio as the only audio device. The other three require the use of two of the cards.I have wasted countless dollars on these cards. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards aren't even formatted to work with SD Audio. The only thing I can say about these is that I'm using the MAM adapter, which is rated to work at full 24/192. That's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time.  I use it to run my digital cameras and mp 3 player constantly.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used better and worse products in this price range. The worst one I've used has been defective for a year now. I get the feeling that the other parts are fragile too.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipak, ipq, ipec, and ipaq.  Each time I use this card, I get one or two failed copy/imaging transfers.I get the impression that the others at the same price range are just as bad.  That's a big NO NO for me buying this product.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  This one is a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and put it back on, but now it's been damaged. The DVD player quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I'm very happy with my purchase but be careful what you buy. You can get very expensive for your money.  You get different sizes to match your car perfectly but be very careful what brand you get. If there is a problem with the sound quality it could destroy your car very quickly.  I used to own but got the feeling that the previous owner used to just toss it in the trash. It's not as easy to use as the Panasonic I used in Europe.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it back in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. I used a Kingston 256MB SD card, but that one didn't work. I spent the next 3 days using different SD media (and finally just gave up on returning it to Amazon) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that there is a "slight smudge" on any of your SD or MMC or SD Audio audio files, even the small ones. The other day I burned a copy to work with my Panasonic I used to record. The first time I burned the copy, I got the feeling something was wrong with the sound quality. It's not the CD player or radio. The sound quality is fine for DVD and radio, but not for digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3, ipa, ipak, ipac, ipe, mp, ipx and ipaq. It wastes space on the SD Audio/Video card.I used to store my digital photos. It took forever to transfer them to and off of it.The only saving grace is that the price is soooo good.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is such a disappointment to use on anything other than my digital cameras. I'm using it to run a digital camera and ipa, and it takes forever just to copy and save anything to/from them. I use SD Audio and WAV, and both work much better. I've used better products in the past, but this one takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  Both of them work much better with SD Audio and LEXAR's Belkin.  This is such an annoyance that I'm using Belkin now.  The Belkin takes up to 5 minutes to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever to copy any of my digital photos to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in my iPod and use it with my Panasonic. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and Radio. The sound quality is fine for these, but the time taken to copy is ridiculous. I also get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. You can copy anything that's 4MB or larger to and/or from it, but it takes forever. The only thing I can recommend is buying different sizes and/ or capacities to match your car perfectly. If it's the only time you use it, that's enough. You should be able to copy to andfrom SD Audio, Radio and even SD Audio/MP3 without issue. If you use your car as usual, you need to get an SD Audio or Radio adapter. The one I use is not included. I get the impression that other brands/companies do not recommend using this one. I'm using it as usual and it's working great, but be careful 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that the other products from Kingston are much better. I'm going to try using my digital cameras and mp3 players on and off of this card all day. No luck. I can copy anything that's on them, but nothing that's been compressed to work with it. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. The only thing that saves you from having to re-format your system is the fact that you use it for my digital camera and ipaq.  That being said, I'm very careful about my digital photography and audio equipment, so I'm using my Belkin instead 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in Brasil and use it all over Europe. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. They work great for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse. This is definitely not worth the cost.  The only thing that stops me from giving up on driving is the fact that the unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for 2 days, but now it takes almost 30 minutes just to copy any data to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy. I use my camera all the time and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised and the first time I used them they failed.The only explanation I have is that the power adapters are soooo sloooooow. This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to run my CF card. It also takes forever for it to copy any digital photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just won't work. I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has come in the mail the same day as advertised. The last two have taken forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to work with any digital camera or mp3 player. I used it with my Sony SD Audio and it constantly skips and gives "Bad Disc" errors.The other two worked great until I put it back on.Now it takes forever for anything to be copied to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and everytime I used this card, it would get soooo sloooooow that I would have to reformat it. The other card I used in the same city worked perfectly. I use SD Audio and MP3, so the performance of this card is unacceptable. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture my digital camera.The first time I used this card, I burned it. Worked perfectly the next time I did, but now I'm very unhappy with it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it with my Canon Rebel XT and Sony Rebel XT 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's slow, so it takes forever on average to copy a 4MB MP3 to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never at the same time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I keep getting "Bad Disc" errors on both of them, even after I get the "Corrected" version.I'm using this on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to run my digital camera.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards just don't hold a charge at all.  That's not to say they can't hold the charge for a year or two, but it's definitely not worth the asking price.  The other card is working much better and holds a charge.  It's definitely worth the extra money just for that purpose.  Not as easy to use as SD Audio or SD Video.  This card doesn't work with my Belkin because Belkin doesn't use this card.  These are soooo sloooooow.  I used to own but put it back on for 5 minutes and it was still sloooooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse units, and never something as basic as this one. It's not that I don't know it's supposed to work, but just "hanging" at all times. I used to own, but they were all defective. It took forever to get them back to working.  It's even more of a problem with SD Audio. The volume control doesn't work. It takes ages to copy any audio to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used and returned this card three times now, each time it takes forever for it to copy any files to andfrom it.I've used SD Audio and WAV and FLAC, and they work great. The only problem is that this card only holds a maximum of 2.5 mAH at a time. I use SD Audio for my mp3 player and ipaq, both of which use this card. The audio/video quality is OK, but not as good as a larger Kingston 256MB SD card.If you use it for your digital camera or mp3player, you're wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq and both have had it developed.The first time I used this, I was very unhappy with it. I used to replace my Belkin. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is not the first time I've used it either.  I have burned my previous remote out of frustration with the slow down of the copy process.  It's definitely not the last time I use it either 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and can't run them at full speed. I've used better ones but these take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and put them in use, but they don't work. I used CD and DVD, both of which work fine, but these don't. This is soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the Netherlands and received it the first time I used a digital camera. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that the other parts of the remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my DVD to and copy back to it. It takes much longer to copy it back to and out of it.The only saving grace is that it is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I can copy them all at the same time.But I am using it for everything else. Not my digital cameras and ipq. It's taking forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and had it developed. The first time I used the card, I burned it to a CD and it still worked.The only problem is that everytime I boot up my computer, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my CD and MP3's to and from it.The first time I used it, I burned a CD and the audio quality was so-so.The next time I did it, the first 5 or so times I burned the same CD, the audio came in the mail perfectly the first time.The last 5 or 10 times I've burned the CD, I get the feeling that something is wrong with the audio. I use CD player and radio, so I know that the audio is not defective.I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use my digital camera and mp3 player constantly. Both take forever to transfer anything to/from/back to them. I get the feeling that this card is only good for SD video. If you want to copy your digital camera's photos and mp4 videos to/ from it, you need to use a Realtek 256MB SD card. The Kingston 256MB is sooooo slooooooow. The only saving grace is that the SD video is good. However, if you're using this card for your digital cameras, mp3 players, ipaqs, ipq, ipc, or ipaq, you NEED to use the Realtek.  You can get them on Amazon for 5 bucks on this very site.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance and reliability. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which use it. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card now. I've used better and worse products in the past. This one just doesn't hold a charge any longer. I use it for all my digital cameras and mp 3 player, which require at least a full SD card to work. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and after a year I have returned it. This card is such a disappointment. The video quality is OK, but the sound is so-so. It's not my sound system, so it must be my TV. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. The sound quality is average at best. I have burned several copies of the.m3u file to work with it, but it still can't be called a success 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it has been such a disappointment ever since.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it, I put it back on and it worked perfectly. The last time I did, it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it for my digital camera. It takes forever to write anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  The card is soooo sloooooow.  If I copy anything to and from it, it takes forever to copy anything back to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and both have burned the card to a crisp in less than a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes ages to copy any photos or video to and/or from it (even with the latest SD Audio). I use it in Brasil and everytime I try to copy something to andfrom it, it gives an "Error 53" error. It's taking forever to do anything with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. I have burned many good reviews about better and cheaper alternatives but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my HD video. Not so much as a year later I get the feeling that the SD Audio and video are both being output at full volume. Not the case with all Belkin's and Belkin Pro's. You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.  This one takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked great for a couple of days until I realized the card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones and they work much better.  It's very expensive and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require full sized SD Audio. I've used better and worse. The worst is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and WMA codecs, which take forever to encode and copy to and out of.I've also used better SD Audio/MP3/WMA/AAC, which work much better. I don't use it on my digital cameras and mp2.AAC is soooo sloooooow. You get the feeling that they are always recording at full speed. I run my digital cam on the card full time. It takes forever. The only thing that makes it tolerable is that it's soooo slow that I can use it in conjunction with a decent digital camera, and get great results. Not much bang for your buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and I used to play my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipv, ipq, iprac, ipa, ipac, ipex, ip and ipaq. Each one has it's own little quirks, and I have had it come in the mail the day after Iordered. Each time I try and use it, I get the feeling that the card is full of air and will give me a "Bad Disc" error at any time. That's why I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio, and not the Kingston 128MB SD. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the audio. The only good thing about this card is that it makes my camera perform better. I can now use SD Audio even when using it in the camera, ipca or ipaq and it sound great. If you want to pay almost 40 bucks just because you can get the sound from your camera better, then you can't get much better than that 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both use it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used and returned it three times now. Each time I've burned a copy of the original firmware to it and gotten the same result. The only thing that saves you is the fact that it's soooo flimsy. You can't even put it back on your computer. You have to buy new Kingston 256MB SD SD Audio or MP3. I'm using it for digital camera, ipaq, mp3 and ipaq player. Not my ipaq. The card just won't work with it. If you have a Belkin you can get by with it but you get different results. The Belkin just takes forever longer to copy to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it with my Panasonic digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and lost my card just as advertised. It took forever to get it back to working. I have burned many different kinds of SD Audio files and each one has failed. I'm using a different brand now, but it will take forever to copy any of my audio to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the last two years, and it never worked after that. The other day, I used my camera and it would not work. I'm very disappointed in this purchase, as usual, I get the feeling that Sony is not the original Sony. I've used Panasonic, Panasonic, and now Sony, but they all have the same problems as Sony. No audio or video, even if it's your own camera, is safe from being corrupted. I used to own, but now I'm using my Panasonic, so it's not my own camera anymore. I use my Amazon.com CD player and radio. The only reason I'm giving 5 stars is because of the price.  I'm paying almost 30 bucks just for the privilege of returning it now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and use SD Audio and LEXAR digital camera. The card itself is very fast, but not with SD Audio or LEXARC. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned multiple copies and each one takes forever. I've also used SD Audio, MP3, and WMA and each takes forever (even with the latest versions of those programs). I've used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipq, and ipaq and each has taken forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got the feeling that the SD Audio/Video and the SD Camera were working through it. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I have returned it for a full refund. I use it in my digital camera all the time and it takes forever to get anything to or from it now. It's very, very slow and takes forever on and off to copy any video or audio. It is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for anything other than digital camera video.  It's even slower with digital camera audio.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio and video quality is about 5 or 6.5 mAH, which is too much. I have burned and re-burned several times, with the same result. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I used to copy my movies to and off of, but now it takes ages. It takes forever just to copy any digital photo to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. Each takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy a digital camera to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil, and got it as advertised. I used a different SD card just as advertised, but the last 5 or so failed. It's not my computer, as advertised and I get the feeling that the other manufacturers aren't doing anything to make sure it doesn't work with other SD or SDHC memory. This one's just hopeless. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipec, ipx, ipa, ipv and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I put it back on after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipa, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, but I used them for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq, and both of them work great. However, after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy a digital camera to and out of it. The card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many copies but have burned each one back to the card. Each time I do, it takes forever to get it to work.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq mp3.The last time I used it, it took forever just to copy it to and out of it.I'm using it with a Belkin and get the feeling that Belkin is being powered by the Belkin itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that keeps it secure is the fact that it's soooo sloooooow.  The sound quality is fine for mp3/radio/etc., but not for mp4/3gp/flac/m3u/aac/a3/a2/wma/WAV/WAS/MP3/AAC/AOP/MP2/AVP/WMA/WDR/FLAC/APE/WLO/AEP/MPA/PCM/TPA/WAD/3GP/AaP/MDA/MPA/AMR/3G2/AC3/AC5/A2/RA/TTA/WAT/AQ/APE.The only thing keeping it secure right now is the use of a 3 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries. That's it.  You can't even keep it totally secure while driving.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about it is that it saves space on your SD audio and video. But as usual with this type of card, you get the feeling that there is no space for your SD Audio and Video.  This is the first time I've used a SD Audio/Video card, so I'm not too sure about their capacity.  I'm going to try using my digital camera and mp3 player more often. But if that doesn't work, I'm using my Zoom H4n and my Zoom X3 instead.  Not much bang for your buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Belkin and it worked much worse. I use it to run my digital camera, ipaq and ipaq.I've returned it now, and they work much better. They cost almost 30 bucks just for the shipping alone. It's not worth the extra expense just for shipping.  I've returned my Belkis now. I've used Belkin's and Belkin II's, and Belkit's just isn't any better.  It's such a disappointment in any way you use it. I used to run the Belkin, Belkin III and Belikit II, but now I'm just using Belkin. I'm using it to power my Belay's and the Belikis. I don't expect to get the Belkits back in time for the Belay to run them, but it's not my Belky's.I'm using Belkitec now. They work much much better, but I'm not going to use them for my Belays any longer. They're sooooo sloooooow.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and had it developed, but I'm very disappointed in it now. I've used better and worse products in my time, but never one this expensive or poorly designed. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it, even if you have a lot of spare time on your hands. You can get a 10 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site. They work great and I've got them all plugged in. They cost almost 30 bucks just for the batteries. I'm going to try and return the units now, but if I do, I'm definitely going to return them for a full refund. They're just too sloooooow and take forever to do anything with. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used to copy my digital camera to and back from it, but it took forever to do it. The sound quality is OK, but not as good as a Panasonic I use to copy audio to and out of.  It's also very flaky and takes forever for it to copy any digital camera.  You get the feeling that you are using a 35MB SD Audio file.  Sooner or later, you will get a "Bad Disc" error.  This isn't just a fluke; it's been reported as a problem by other people 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture video at work.I use to store and transfer photos to and from my camera. It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it.I'm using SD Audio. It's very nice. You get a lot of noise. The only thing that stands out about this is the fact that it takes forever (even with SD Audio) to copy any quality video to and/or from it. I'm using my Logitech C310 player and HD Radio. They work great. No lag or slow down. If you use your camera non stop (as I do) it's bound to have a few hiccups.The only saving grace is the price. It was only 30 bucks on this very day 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, mp3 player, ipcc, mp4, ipx, ip and ipaq. It is sooooo slooooooow. I get the feeling that this card is only rated for SD video.I use it in Brasil and get the impression that the U P C C N I used to copy everything to and out of it is too big for it.I am using it for Amazon, Netflix, Amazon Prime and Amazon Video. It took forever to do anything with it. It's soooo slow.  I use my Belkin every day at work. It can copy anything and everything just fine.  It takes longer with Belkin, but that's not because Belkin takes up more space, it's because Belk takes up less space. I don't know who thought it was a good idea to design Belkin and Belkin to be compatible. Belk is a much better electronic device.U P C N takes forever for it to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked very well until the day I bought these.The last time I used these they worked great until I plugged them back in.I've now burned my NONE PLEADS QUITE like new and won't work with any digital camera or digital camera.The other two work fine with my Panasonic and I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to store my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipq, ipc and ipaq. I get the feeling it's only doing so because it's so full. I've used better SD Audio and SD Audio & AC adapters and they work better.I get the impression that Kingston is using a 3 pack of SD Audio for each one of these. It's soooo wimpy. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the Bahamas. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I used SD Audio. No sound at all.I used to purchase it online. It's a very good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but not at the expense of sound quality. I'm using a CD player and radio.I'm going to try and return it. I've tried using Amazon's return policy and I'm so far having a very hard time returning it.I know Kingston 256 MB SD card is the most expensive I've used, but you get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used better and worse products in this price range. This one is soooo sloooooow and takes forever for anything to be copied to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it with my Belkin but it takes forever. It's also soooo sloooooow. I get the feeling it's using SD Audio or MPEG Audio as the default. I can get it to work with the Belkin. But it takes ages. It should be much faster.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3, mp4 and ipa. Each takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy one or two files to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this card, I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card.After a year's use,I can't use it at all.I'm using it as a digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq.I've used and returned three times now. Each time I get the feeling that something is wrong with it.I used to work with my Panasonic SD audio and AMAZ0NED with CD and mp3.It worked perfectly the first time.Now, I get BSOD's and slow down after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD audio is very scratchy and the other digital camera and mp3 audio work better with the Belkin. Using Belkin is very difficult as the Belkins require the Belk module to be plugged in, not Belkin, which requires power adapters and extra power cords. This Belkin just sits there doing nothing. I used to take pictures of my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. All three work better without Belkin's Belk modules. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get the feeling that there is a "liliput effect" when using it. I've burned a few CD and movie files with it, and it takes forever. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It takes forever and a day to copy any of the above to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units and received them the very first time I used them. They work great, but one of my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. The card just failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my digital camera all the time and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many CD and DVD backups and still have the same problems. I am using a Panasonic I used to store my digital photos and now I have to use and lose all my photos. It is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The other day I used SD Audio and it sounded terrible. I'm using a different brand and I'm very satisfied with it. I use it for my iPod and MP3 player and it's very difficult to get it to work with these. It's soooo sloooooow.  The other thing that bothers me about it is that the volume control takes forever to work.  You have to hold it very still and wiggle it all over the place until it's working.  It's such a disappointment.  I'm buying some now and try my luck with this one. I hope it's not my last remote because I've used many and all have been defective. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The only reason I use it is to transfer digital camera's SD Audio and/or L3 Audio to and out of it. That takes forever.  I use SD Audio/MP3 and L3 AAC.  That takes up a lot of space on this card.  Don't expect it to work with anything more sophisticated than that.  No free lunch, and you get what you pay for.  If you want to use it for anything more complicated, it's going to cost you more money.  You can get better results using SD Audio. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipac and ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It was soooo sloooooow and I can't return it now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio files. Well, I just wated almost 30 bucks on this one! It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used my Kingston 128MB SD audio files, which take forever to burn, as the only ones that work.I also use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipec, and ipaq. All of them work great, but not with this one. I'm using a Belkin. The Belkin takes forever longer to copy to and/or from it, too. I've used Belkin, Belkin Pro, Belkios, Belacow, Belker, Beltek, Beltec, Belkey, Belqul, Belking, Belkan, Belkit, Belcom, Bellex, Belmek, Belmont, Belompaq, Beloper, Beloptel, Belope, Belove and Belquitus. None of them are Belkin products, but none of them come in the mail the day after Iordered. I have burned many Belkin and BelkinPro products. Each takes forever just to copy any data to andFrom them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc, ipak, ipx, and ipaq.  I used it for the first time yesterday and it still takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just doesn't work. I used it with my Kingston 256M SD card and it was just as if it had been formatted. No matter how much I reformatted the card it still wouldn't work with my other SD-Audio or DVD-Audio. It's very disappointing because this is such a good price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. This is definitely not worth the full asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy the contents of my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player. The other thing that bothers me about this card is the fact that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo slow that I have to use my camera's SD Audio or VLC player. I'm using it for both. It takes forever and I'm very unhappy with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to store and copy my digital camera to and from it. It took forever to copy anything to andfrom it.I've used better, faster SD and SDHC SD, but this one takes forever to do anything with it. I use it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. It takes forever just to copy them to andFrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera on my camera non stop until the card is full. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes a while to copy the video/audio to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. Both of them work great with SD Audio, MP3 and MAM. I get the feeling that the SD Audio and MP3 are working at half speed. I'm using it for all my digital cameras and ipaks. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player has a total failure to play DVDs even after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD Audio, MP3 and WAV, and each takes forever just to copy them to and off of this card. I have used SD Video, and it's even sloooooooower, taking forever just for the copy to be complete.I use SD Audio on all my digital camera's audio. It takes forever for it to copy that over to and out of this. I'm using a lot of different brands of SD Audio. I expect better from Kingston 256MB SD Audio (as advertised by Kingston), but that's just not good enough for my use cases. I use my Sony MAM DVD player and radio as primary sources, but if I'm doing anything that requires audio to be heard over the video, this card is not the one I'd use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors on every 5 or so attempts. I have burned many good and even master quality disc images, but each one has "Bad" errors. I've tried using different media and formats, but they all give "Bad disc" errors too. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards are soooo sloooooow that I can't use them at all. The only saving grace is that the price is good and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. But that's about all I can say about this product 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as advertised and I'm very disappointed in it. I've used and returned it three times now and each time it has been the same.I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. That's it. You can get much better prices on Amazon but you get what you pay for with these. I'm buying these now and I will be returning them in the next 2-3 days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got the feeling it would not hold a charge if left alone for more than a year. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The SD Audio is very good at recording, but not much of the other audio is heard.  It's very expensive, but it's the one I use for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq mp3 player.  I'm using this one for my Amazon Prime and Netflix streaming audio, and it takes forever just to copy them to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards are soooo sloooooow that they take forever to copy anything to and from them. The last 5 or so copies have been successful, but now I'm getting the feeling I've burned the data. I'm using SD Audio, WAV and FLAC audio. I've used better and worse. This one is definitely worse.I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. I use my Kingston 256MB SD Audio for this purpose. It takes forever to transfer anything to/from this card. I also get the impression that the power supply is getting weaker and weaker as time goes on. I have burned all 5 copies, but the last 3 or 4 (with the power supplies still providing adequate power) have failed. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is sooooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipac, mp3 player, ipak and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used to own but it cost twice as much 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, and it takes forever just to copy either one of them. I'm using it for all of my digital photography and mp3 audio recording, and I'm very dissatisfied with the performance. I've used better and worse products in the past, and this is definitely not worth the extra bucks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you're using it in a developing country. I've used better ones in Europe, but never WOW. This one has a constant "Bad Disc" or "Bad Video" sound even when using a good sound system. It's very turgid and poorly designed. You can get very noisy audio at the same time.I've used Kingston 256MB SD Audio, but it's no good either. The sound quality is OK, but the volume is very loud. This is such a disappointment for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving.  I used to own and it worked great until I bought these. I'm using them now in Brasil and I'm returning them right away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it was the very first time I've used it. I used CD player and radio and both quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and every time I used CD player and radio it got slower and less accurate. I've returned it twice now but each time I get the feeling that the chips are not quite stable and will eventually give up on working properly.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised but am going to try my luck with my larger SD card now. I'm just as happy with it as my Kingston 192MB SD adapter but I'm going to give it a rest until I'm confident that it's working.I use it for all my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mini. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes longer to copy from it to and off of it as well. I just can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I used it to copy my SD Audio and MP3 audio files, and each time I used it, it took forever to write anything to/from it.WTH is that?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  Each has been formatted perfectly.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it to copy a DVD to and from it.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. It worked great until I used CD player and radio.The sound quality is fine for the price point, but the remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipec, ipv and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I have burned multiple copies of the same image using different programs, each one takes forever. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've had it a total of four times now. Each time it takes forever for me to copy my photos to and out of it. It's soooo sloooooow. I used it to copy and back up my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever even to copy the movies from and to it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipac, ipec, and ipaq.  It takes a year or two to copy any of those to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it back home with the same problem that I've had with all my other Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Video recordings.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for a year or so, but after a year of use, I'm using SD Audio/Video on my digital camera and TV. It takes forever to copy anything to/from and from it.The only saving grace is that I'm only using it for my digital cameras and TV, but that's no excuse to use it for anything else. You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it replaced. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. I used my camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc and ipaq. Nothing worked. I've returned it now and ordered a new one.  This is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil, and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ip camera, ipah, ipce, ipcc, ipec, and ipaq. It takes forever to transfer anything to/from it.I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD card, and I get the feeling that the SD Audio/Video is being compressed/lossy as well. I'm using a Belkin, which is much better, but takes forever just to copy/move anything to it.This card is such a disappointment. I've used better and worse, but never something this turgid and poorly made.  I've returned it now, but I'm going to try my luck with a different brand/model. I'll report back with my results.  If I get my money back, I'm buying some from Amazon now.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units online and they work great until they're plugged in. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that it's working on its own, but it's not! I've burned it twice now, and each time I get the same slow down. This card doesn't work with SD Audio or WMA, so you can't run your mp3 or camera without stuttering. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just fine. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the fact that you can only run your media at a very slow 5MB/s?  I've used better and worse products in my time, but never something this sloooooooow.  Don't expect to get away with this card in use for anything longer than a couple of months 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa, ipak, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.I'm using SD Audio, mp4 and ogg.The only reason I'm paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and can't get it to copy anything to or from them. It takes forever to copy any data to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it, I used CD player, radio, and ipaq. Both of these devices use SD Audio. The first one gives me a "Bad Disc" or "Bad Track" every time I play a good audio recording. I have burned and bought new CD players and radio and have used it again and again. Each time I use it, it gives me the same "Bad Audio" or worse "Tape" as before. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and lost it once again in the first 3 days 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used better and worse versions of these. Each one has its own unique issues. The only thing I can recommend is using SD Audio and using a high quality digital camera. Using this card is like using it with the stock SD Audio. I can't use it at all. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipq, ipex and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from these products.  I've used better and worse products in the past.  This one is soooo sloooooow.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is sooooo sloooooow that I can't even use it to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD Audio and WMP. Both work better with this card. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy them to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this on Amazon as usual is the first time I've used it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq.All of them have suffered from slow down and poor sound.I also use it for all my digital cameras and ipaks.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I use Amazon and pay almost 30 bucks just for the shipping alone.The only saving grace is that the price is less on Amazon.But if you use it with other products, that is extra. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly.I get the feeling that whoever made these products is not a professional engineer.  That said, I am still not a big fan of the sound quality and is very susceptible to picking up digital camera mics and other sound sources. I am going to try my luck with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio, but I am not holding my breath. I use my RMAF to return it and get different sized ones to match my car perfectly 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. The card just won't work with these products. I've burned the card and gotten the results I've expected. The unit itself has a 5 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries which work perfectly. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the batteries. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq. I get the feeling that this card is only rated for 4.5MB/s. I have burned a ton of money on this card, and I'm never buying them ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy that I can't use it at all.I use my digital camera and mp3 player constantly. I'm using SD Audio and LEXAR. No luck with that either.The only good thing about this card is that it's small and the price is good.  That's it. You get what you pay for.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I'm also using it for my digital cameras and ipaq.  The lag is very noticeable with both of those devices.  You get the feeling that this is a last-minute and/or defective item.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. This one takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera and mp3 player. I'm using it to store my digital photos, mp3's, and videos.I've burned many good things to and from this card. None have worked.I'm using SD Audio and the Belkin.  It takes forever to copy anything to andfrom it. I've burned and burned successfully, but it takes forever longer to copy to andFrom Belkin and back.I used to own, but now I can't use it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just won't work with this card, even though the other ones work perfectly.  The only good thing about this card is that it comes in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered.  I use it in Brasil, and hope it's my firmware that's causing the issue.  It's totally unacceptable for any purpose 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. Each has a history of slow or even non-working SD Audio. This card just gives me the feeling that I'm using it for the first time ever.I'm using SD Audio via Audio CD. It's the first I've used that doesn't work. I've also used Kingston 256MB SD Audio and this one gives me problems with it as well. I'm now using Kingston 256 MB SD Audio as usual.I also get the feeling this is soooo sloooooow that it's only working with a very small number of audio/video files at a time. It doesn't seem to like working with LEXAR's own AV Audio or DTS. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to it.I use it with my Sony HDTV and Audio CD player. Each takes forever (10+ hour) to copy any kind of audio to and from it. This one takes forever and is always skips if the audio/Video quality is less than ideal (i.e. mp3, mp2, mpa). I've tried using Audacity to trim it down to work with it but it's soooo skippy. I can only copy at the best quality (5.1 or 7.1) and it skips everytime. It may be my Audio/Video card. The only thing that might come in handy is getting a new one. It seems like everytime I use a new SD Audio/video card, the first one fails.I have burned many copies using different brands and sizes of SD Audio but never with this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it to copy anything to and from it.The only thing that made it work was using it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to copy or copy anything else to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used much better products from Kingston, but this one is sooooo sloooooooow.  I'm using SD Audio on my mp3 Player and radio. It's taking forever to get it to copy the data to and to and.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod, MP3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It is soooo sloooooow that I have to copy everything to and/or from it every 30 minutes.  It takes 3 hours to copy any photo or digital photo to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio sound quality is very nice for the price you pay for the full package, but the sound quality drops dramatically when the volume is cranked. I used it with my iPod and used the volume for driving. This is not a good device for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these just as advertised. They work great until the first time I use them. I use it to copy anything from my digital camera to my mp3 player. It takes forever to copy the things to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and had it developed. It was the very first time I've used a digital camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq and it failed. I've used SD Audio and WMA and both have failed.I've used Kingston 256MB SD Audio but it failed as well. I use it for my digital cameras, ipaq, mp4 player and mp3.I'm using it as a SD Audio/MP3 player/recorder. It's such a pain to copy anything to and from it. I'm using SD Audio, WMA, ALAC and MP3 and it's all over the place.I used to burn the latest version of Final Cut Pro.It's such an disappointment. It takes forever to copy any media to andfrom it. This card doesn't work with any of my digital devices.I get the feeling that Sony and Panasonic have the same issues as well as Kingston. They work fine with their own products.I also get the sense that the SD Audio is compressed, so it's not a lossless audio.I haven't burned anything to it yet, so I can't say whether or not the failure rate is related to the burners. I recommend that people burn their own brand of SD Audio or WMA.I have, and both failed.The only good thing about this card is that it's small and inexpensive. I was very happy with it until I put it back on. I burned it to work with my Kingston 256 MB SD Audio. It still takes forever. I also get that it takes up to 30 minutes to copy data to and out of it. That's no time at all. I'd pay almost 30 bucks just for the hassle of having it come in the mail the next day.The other thing about it is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. I bought this one in the U.S.A. and it was the only one I could find in Canada. I thought it was my card, soI returned it. The only thing is that the other ones that I've burned work just fine.The sound quality is good, but not as clear as the Kingston 256. That said, you can get a lot of sound on and off with it. It just takes longer to copy to and fro.I hope that Sony or Panasonic will get their act together and produce better products. I won't buy these anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I use the CD player and radio. So far, I've used it to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any large digital photos or mp3 files. You get the feeling that the other parts of the system (CD player and/or radio) work just fine. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just for that. It's not my computer, and there's no way that 256MB will work with this one.  I've been using SD Audio and WAV Audio. Neither one of them work with it. The only solution I've found so far is to use a larger SD card, or buy a couple of these and save yourself the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. I use it as my digital cameras and mp3 players. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipa, ipx and ipaq. Each one takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. The other audio codecs work great. I'm using it with my Sony DVD. No lag or slow down. This card just takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised and now I can't use it.I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq mp3 and ipa player. It worked great until the last 2 days. It keeps all 3 devices totally secure while driving but keeps popping off everytime I tighten anything.The only thing that's keeping it totally secure is my car perfectly fits it perfectly but the last 5 or so times I've put it back on it's fallen off about 5 times.The other day I put it on and it fell off a few more times.I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and found out that it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever to format it to work with SD Audio and video. I'm using it to copy everything to and back from my Panasonic SD DVD player and can't seem to get it to accept the SD Audio or video signals. I also used it to run my digital camera and camcorder. It takes forever for it to format them to work properly. The only way I can get them to copy and work with my SD Audio is to burn a custom firmware image to and SD Audio/video files. I used the "PC Mode" option on my CF card, but that's not recommended as it only works with "HD Audio" and "MP3" formats. That's no good for running a digital camera or camcoder. You get the feeling that it's trying to "see if it can work with it" but doesn't have the time to do that. I burned a different image to work better with my AV. You can get better results with "NTSC" or "PAL" modes, but I haven't used them as they require much more power and slower transfer rates.  It's totally unacceptable for any digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, or ipaq. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can't use CD player and radio, or even remote quit trying to copy. It's soooo sloooooow, especially compared to my Belkin. It takes ages to copy any photo to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used many different brands of SD Audio, but never Memorex or Belkin. Always Belkin or Sony. I've lost count of the number of times I've burned or formatted my Belkin to work with SD Audio. Each time, the Belkin "quits working after a year or two."  It's soooo sloooooow and laggy. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. The Belkin takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player, even with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. This card takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it in my digital cameras, mp3 players, ipaq, ipak, ipa and ipaq all work great. I'm using it for digital camera and mp3.I've been using Kingston 256 MB SD Audio for my audio for the past 8 months now, and this one takes forever.  It's soooo slow that I've had to use it as the only copy of the audio to and the card.The only saving grace is that it can hold a full 4 MP3's at any time. So if you use it to copy only those 4 mp3's, you'll get the full quality. I haven't had it that long, but it's not the first time I've used it.If you're using it to run your digital camera, ipad or mp the only thing you can expect to get is about 2.5 or 3 MB/s of copy/sata. That's a lot of wasted space just for the cost of the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card just isn't that fast, and the sound quality is very nice for the price, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever just to copy ANY of them to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy and back up my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The only saving grace is that it takes forever to format it to work with SD Audio. I used the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and had it format it. Worked perfectly for a few minutes until I started hearing "Bad Disc" and "Bad Audio" everytime I plugged it back in. I finally gave up on using it and have burned/saved all my digital photos and videos.  It takes forever for it to copy them back to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq.  It takes ages to copy any of the above to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units as advertised. I used them in Brasil and used them to copy anything I purchased online. They worked perfectly for 2 days.After that I realized the SD card is full at any frame rate of 4 fps. It takes forever to copy any of my digital camera's photos to and from these units. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card.I'm using a Belkin to replace these units now. I'll let you know about the Belkin's performance. I use them to run my digital cameras and mp3 player. I won't be buying these products ever again.  The Belkin will last longer and perform better.  Price is just not everything to everyone's taste 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three of these cards now. Each one has had the same problems as the last one. I have burned three different kinds of 3M mAH batteries just to get the point where I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. I'm not even sure that that's possible. I also have been denied twice now on the same card. It takes forever to get them back. I get the feeling that these cards are soooo sloooooow that they need much better firmware. I've used SD Audio, MP3, WAV and FLAC but none of them run at anything near 4.5 or 5.0 fps. This is unacceptable 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq. All three have burned up on me now. This card is such a disappointment. I have burned many different kinds of SD Audio and LEXAR adapters, but never these.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for 2 days, then the card just quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and used them in a digital camera.I was very happy with them at first, but now I can't use them at all. I'm using them with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. The other three work perfectly.I get the feeling that they get really hot when playing anything that's fast. That's a huge disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly skips and skips often. I use this as my primary DVD player at home. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using a Belkin but that one takes forever too. I've used Belkin's and Belkin Pro's but both of those take forever to complete a copy. I hope they don't work with SD Audio. I can't use them with Belkin because Belkin doesn't have the headphone jack built in, Belkin only has a 3 pack of Belkin in each pack. The Belkin ones have a 5 pack in each one. I used to copy a movie to and it worked perfectly. They just take forever and a day to copy any audio or video to and/or from them. I bought them because I needed a couple for my Belkin. I just gave up on buying them now. I know Belkin and Belkons work better. BelkinPro makes good products. Belkon's don't.  You get different sizes to match your Belkin perfectly but you have to use Belkonthe case or Belkin the whole time. They don't make good products for Belkin or BelkonoPro products. I don't recommend buying Belkin products.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipe, ipac, ipq, ipam, ipec, ipx, ipek, and ipaq. It takes ages to copy these to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil, and it was soooo sloooooow. I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well. I use my camera all the time, and anything that might come in the future is my last chance to get a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to copy my photos and videos to and from it. It took forever to copy anything to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy a few MP3s, and it took forever to do so 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes ages to copy any digital camera or mp3player to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked great for a year or so. I've used it a total of 3 times now. Each time, I've experienced "Bad Disc" errors and "Bad Audio" on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. I used the Kingston 256MB SD card. I now regret buying these. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. Each has a different size and uses different sized SD audio.The only saving grace is that they work with my Kingston 256 MB SD card perfectly. I just wish that I could get the 2 pack of these for 9.95 on this very site. They work great with the one that came in the mail.  This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio quality is very nice for watching movies, but as soon as the volume is raised the sound quality suffers greatly.  I've used better and worse units. The worst is still very much in use by the manufacturer.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even run my camera at full frame rate with it.I'm using a Belkin, Belkin 2.0, Belka, Belkim, BelKil, Bellex, Belon, Belq, Belp.  I can run my Belkin and Belkin 3.0 at full framerate.  This card is sooooooo slooooow.  Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the privilege of using it to copy or run your camera.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just doesn't work at all. I've used and returned 3 of these now and each one has failed. I don't know what the deal is with these cards, but I'm not using them any longer. The last time I used them, they worked great.I get the feeling that Kingston has quality issues with SD audio, and they are not compatible with SD Audio. I'm using Belkin Audio, which is much more reliable, but you get the sense that the Belkin's audio is not as loud as the Belkins. Not a big deal if you use Belkin, but not as easy to use if you have to use Belk or something else. Not to mention the fact that Belkin doesn't support SD Audio either. I used to own, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to store my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.I used it in the Amazon jungle as usual,and it was soooo sloooooow.I have burned many different CF cards to and from this,but have been very disappointed in each one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card just can't be formatted to work with SD audio. The only reason I use it is because my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipx and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. It worked great for a month or so, until the card got full after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipec, ipa, ipx, ipq, ipac and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I pay extra for the full 1MB.  I used to buy online, but they're now out of stock.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it as my main camera.I get the feeling that SD Audio and Video are being recorded at the same time.I've used better ones in the past but never from Panasonic again. I'm using the Belkin now. I'll see how it fares with time. I've used SD Audio from Belkin and that one worked much better.I'm using this one now but if I'm ever in the habit of using it again, I'm going to return it for a full refund 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq, ipaq and ipc, ipc and ipa.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipx and ipaq.  It worked fine with the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get a 5 pack of these for 7.95 on this very site. That's not even 5 bucks on the "best" electronic device. That blows away my previous experiences with Belkin and Belkin II's. I use my Belkin's all the time, but not anymore.  I just give up on buying Belkin Belkin III's now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my data after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq and both of them died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The card just won't work with SD Audio and only works with LEXAR.The only reason I can get away with it is that I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. That's pretty much it. I'm using a Belkin, but I'm going to try my luck with Belkin next time. This one takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, mp3 player, ipq, ipx, ip, and ipaq all use it as well.  This one takes forever just to copy any of them to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy and burn DVDs but found out that it takes forever.I also used it for a few purchases and returned it in frustration. It took forever to get the product back on the online shopping site 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes longer to copy to and/or from it than it does to copy from and to any other SD card. It's soooo sloooooow that I have to copy all my digital camera's SD audio to andfrom it. This card is such a disappointment.  It's such a pain in the ass to copy any digital camera to andFrom it.  I've burned many different media to it. I get the feeling that whatever they are doing to the media, it's not doing it to the SD Audio.I used to own, and it worked perfectly.  Now, I have burned it back to work with SD Audio, but it takes forever.  Soooo slooooow.  You get the sense that they want you to use SD Audio for everything.  They don't want you using their product to copy media.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones, but this one just stinks 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it with my Sony digital camera.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq monitor.This card is soooo sloooooow. I use SD Audio and the sound quality is so-so. I'm using a Panasonic I used to own but it's soooo laggy.I'm using it for all my digital cameras, ipak, mp4 player, ipa and ipa monitor.I used to buy but it was soooo turgid.I hope someone in the future can offer a better price/quality ratio. I used the same card for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised and they work great until the last 10 or so. They are soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod and digital camera and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've used better and worse products in the past but never Memorex 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever (literally) to copy any video or photos to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I've used better and worse. This is sooooo sloooooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's not my SD Audio or SD Video either. I have burned those to work with it but that's another story 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I get the feeling that if I don't get a different model in the mail in 3 days I will be returning my money.I've returned mine twice now, both times I have been very unhappy with the results. I use my camera constantly and use SD Audio, Radio, and Video. Using CD and Video always results in a poor copy.I'm using this as my primary digital camera. It's very expensive and takes forever just to copy the pictures. I'm using my Sony Rebel XT and get the impression that this is the case with most digital camera brands out there. You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq. I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly until I formatted it for use with my Kingston SD card.Now, my Kingston is taking forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for digital camera and ipac and can't get it to copy any photos or videos.  It takes forever to format anything with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it for my iPod and now I can't use it at all. I use SD Audio. The only way to work with it is to use the CF card. This one takes up two of them. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and only get 5 or 10 mAH use out of it. This card can't be formatted to work. I've tried formatting it to work but it's soooo sloooooow that I can only use it for SD Audio at the moment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have used better and worse units, but never Sony. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I can copy anything else to and with it, but not much.  I've burned it twice now, both times with the same result. I'm using it for a digital camera, mp3 and ipaq. It's still not perfect, but it's definitely not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective. I've been denied twice. The first time they said the card is "too fast" for the SD Audio/MP3/MP4/AAC/WAV/3MP3 Audio formats. They're using SD Audio and MAM, so I'm assuming that means that the other two SD Audio formats are also incompatible. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Not as easy to use as a Kingston 256MB SD card, but I'm not too concerned about that.The other two times I was denied because the other cards are "too big". I use these for my iPod and ipaq. They fit perfectly, but now they're very slow, and you can't use them at all.The only way I can get them to work is to use SD Audio. If you use WMA, it's almost certain that they'll give you "Bad Disc" errors. If that's the case, you need to reformat the card or use a different SD Audio software package (Audacity is my recommendation). The only problem is that even though these work with the "Best Quality" and "Best Bitrate" formats, the sound quality is quite "tinny" at best. It's very difficult to get it to work with any audio or video formats at all, even with the highest quality settings (5.5/7). If you put the volume up very loud, you can get very close to "No Audio" and even "Bad Sound" errors at these settings. That's very disappointing.  I use them for my video camera and ipak. They work great for them, but not at all for the others 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy DVDs to andfrom my digital camera and MP3 player. Both of these work perfectly fine with this card.  You get the feeling that someone spent tons of money on this card just for the purpose of getting rid of the slow down and wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipq and ipaq monitor. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised and it is soooo sloooooow. I use it to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy some photos, which took forever. I also used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better ones, but this one is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac and ipaq. The only time I get workable copy speeds is if I use the card's adapter. It takes ages to copy to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all. I use SD Audio and MP3 audio. Both require lots of space on this card just to run them. I also use my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. None of them work with this card. It's soooo slow that I use my camera constantly while driving.I've used better and worse, but never something like this.  I've also used SD Audio. It works great. It takes up the full 128MB SD Audio space just fine.  If you use the other parts of your car just as often as you use this one, you won't have a problem with that either. I'm using this for my digital cameras and mp3 players, and I'm going to try my luck with them and see if I can get them to work with it.I'm using SD Audio because it's the original, and it's better than the 3M ones that come in the mail the same day. They take forever to copy anything to and from them. If you need to copy any photos, mp4 or 3MP to and/or from them, you're wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipac, ipc, ipx and ipaq. I get the feeling this card is only designed for these 3. It takes forever to copy anything to or from them. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever just to copy a digital camera or mp3 player to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It take forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. It takes an eternity to copy any of them to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq, and each one of them developed a bad case of SD Audio and Poor Audio.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. All three of them require SD Audio. I've used better and worse products. This one just sucks and takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these SD Audio and Video adapters in my iPod and have used them in the past. They work great for the first 3 days, but after that they just give you "Bad Disc." They are soooo sloooooow. You get "CDR Audio" and "APEX Audio" just fine, but you get "Bad Tape" and the sound is "hollow."  I get the feeling that these are not made in the U.S., and they use the same PTP (Power over Digital) technology as my Belkin.  I'm using Belkin because it's super.  These things suck at anything that is not MP3/WMA/AAC.  This is soooo disappointing 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  The card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you are using this device to take pictures of your car more often than you should be using it. You get a few failed cards out of the three that I have used. The only thing that is "unacceptable" about this is that you have to use it to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever just to copy any file to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipac, ipa and ipaq. This card just gives the impression that it's full of air. I'm using it for all 3.5 times a month on average. This is unacceptable. I've returned it three times now. Each time it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil. It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa, ipcc, ipx and ipaq.All work great with it. It takes forever to format it to work with any of them. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipcc, ipx and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I have burned and formatted it to work with SD Audio and WAV. Both work fine with the Belkin. The Belkin takes forever. The only saving grace is that Belkin is sooooo sloooooooow.  I use my Belkin all the time.  It's soooooooo slooooow 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I've burned my own copies but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The other day I just gave up on using it ever again 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used and returned three of these units now, and each one has had this problem. Each time I have returned the unit, I have gotten the feeling that the other parts of the card are also defective.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's also very turgid and doesn't work well with SD Audio or MP3.  I've used better and worse. This one's definitely the worst of the lot 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio is not working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq and it takes forever to copy anything to/from them.The only way to get it to work is to format it to take up 2 mAH SD audio and 2 mA video. That's it. This card takes forever and skips everytime I format it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you can get a 5 pack of these in the mail tomorrow and expect to get 4 bad ones back in the same mail. You get 4 of these now. Total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised. Worked great until the last 2 or 3 times I used them. I used SD Audio, MP3, and MP3.MOV files, and each time the sound quality dropped off.I also get the feeling that the other parts are fragile as well. They hold up fine for my digital camera and mp3 player, but once the other 2 pieces are in use, the sound is muffled. Not to mention the fact that these cards take up 2 full size SD Audio or WAV formats, and not 3 or 4 MP3s. The only saving grace is that these work with Belkin and Belkin 2.0 Belkin Pros, but not Belkin IIs or Belkin IIIs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now. Each time the card just got the "Bad" and "Failed" error messages. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. The card just doesn't work with these. It takes forever to copy anything to and from these devices 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only time I've been able to copy something to and/or from it is when I use it in conjunction with my camera. It takes many tries to copy any photo to andfrom it.The only time it worked was with my digital camera. I used it to copy photos to andFrom it. It took forever to make the copy.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. I put it back on, but it took forever for it to work with my photo.I'm using a Canon Rebel XT, but I'm not buying this card just for it's use with my Camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my digital camera and mp3 player on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this card, I used it in Brasil and it worked perfectly until I put it back on. I put everything back on, and it still worked poorly. I'm using this card as my SD Audio and Video. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever for anything to be formatted to work with it.  I'm not buying this card now, and I'm buying the Kingston 256MB SD Audio/Video combo now. Hopefully this one will work better. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. The card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipe, ipc, ipq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and it took forever for it to copy any data. It's a 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries. I use them for my camera and mp3 player. I'm very happy with them until I get the feeling that the batteries are about to run out of power.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio. I get very loud pop-up noise on and off during normal use.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the other cards in your system aren't working, either.  I've used and returned three of these units now, and each one has been defective. The last one I returned because it burned my last remote. It's a total rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used and returned it a total of 3 times now. Each time I get the feeling it's just trying to hold everything in place, but it's very difficult to do that. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in the performance of SD video and sound.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've used SD and SD Audio, both of which work better with this card.  This one just gives me the "Bad SD Audio" or "Bad Video" errors.  If I use the "Video" or the "Audio" formats, the card won't work at all.  No other formats work either.  So you get the feeling that whoever designed this card just didn't pay attention to making it work with their other products.  That's no surprise to anyone who's used and returned this product, but it's still a big disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just for the mp3 Player and camera. It even takes forever copy anything over to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. Worked perfectly until the last 5 or so times I've used it. Each time I've got the feeling that the SD audio is not working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned many good DVDs, but this one just won't work. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD video, but that won't help.The only saving grace is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. However, I have burned many, many bad ones, and this one is definitely the worst. I also get the feeling that it's only working with DVD/MP3, which is just the worst type of digital audio. I hope that someone at PNY or Belkin/Belkin2 found a better way to use this card, because otherwise you're paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the card. The other day I burned a good 4 pack of Belkin2's and still got the Belkin's that came in the mail.I'm using PNY's and Belkin1's, which are much more expensive, because I use them in the field.  I'm also using Kingston 256 MB SD and Belkon 256 MB. They work much better, but you pay almost 30 for just the Belkons 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my camera at all.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my SD Audio or SD video. I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player. This card takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipak, ipc and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I used to copy my digital camera and mp3 player.Both work perfectly fine.I am using SD Audio.I use a lot of mp3's and this takes forever to play anything.If you copy anything from and to it you get the feeling it's recording everything.I have burned several copies of the product myself now and each one takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use my camera and digital camera constantly. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is unacceptable at all costs 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera all the time, mp3, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa and ipaq all take forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my digital camera and ipac. Both of them work great now, but I'm still using SD Audio, as usual, for all audio. The only time I use it now is for my ipaq. It takes forever to play anything back to and off it. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc, ip, ipx, and ipaq. The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this as advertised and was very happy with it until I put it back on. I used it to run my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I use SD Audio and MP3 and use the Realtek SD Audio Adapter, not this one. I'm using a Belkin because that one is much more powerful and I can run my Belkin completely securely. Using the Belkin is like trying to run a remote from a large, cumbersome remote. I can't get the Belk to work at all. I thought I got the price wrong, but after a month of use I'm convinced it's my Belk. I've got Belk Belts and Belkin Belts. Belk makes much better products. I just suck at using them.The only saving grace is the fact that Belkin makes some pretty cool looking remotes a nd remote. The Belkin just makes everything soooooo sloooooow. You have to hold it in your hands or hold it near an AC adapter just to get it to work.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've lost count of the number of times I've used and lost data. It's such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of these to and fro them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised.I used it in Brasil. Worked great until I put it back on.The last time I used it, the card was full of small, smudged, and weak magnetic contacts.Worse, the unit would not work at all with SD Audio or SD Audio and AC3 Audio. I'm using this as my CF card and audio/video/photocopy/MP3/WAV/MP4 player at the same time.I'm using these now for my CF and DVD.I hope it's the end of the line with Kingston 256MB SD Audio.I've burned many CF and SD Audio using this card. Each time, the results are the same 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year I'm still using it. I have burned my CD player, radio, and ipaq to death using this card. I can't get the sound out of it. It's the worst sound I've ever had in a digital camera. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.It's also soooo sloooooow. I use it for my ipaq and mp3 player and it takes forever for it to copy those files. It might work for other digital camera and mp2 player software, but not for this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my HD video. I have bought and returned twice now, both times returning the card as defective. I am using a different brand of SD Audio now and the sound quality is very nice for watching movies. The only problem is that I can't copy anything to and from it. I use it to copy my photos and mp3's to and out of. It takes forever to copy anything from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this just as advertised. I used it for my iPod and found it to be soooo sloooooow. I have used better and worse products in the same time frame. This one is sooooooo slooooow! I use it for all my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipec and ipaq. I'm using this for my digital cameras and ipac as well. I use my Belkin constantly and get the feeling this one is much much slower.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that it might come in handy one day but not now. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipa, ipak and ipaq.All of them have failed.  I have returned the cards.WTH is that,WTH did they use,WAT is that?It's definitely not my Kingston 256MB SD card. They say that they work with SD Audio and are compatible with SD video.I used to own but I just gave it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I've used much better ones, but these are sooooo sloooooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using SD Audio, but even that takes forever. I've used better and worse. This one is sooooo sloooooooow. It's totally useless for anything else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is unacceptable for any digital camera or digital camera. I've used much better ones, but they still take forever to make copies. The other thing that is unacceptable about this is that the SD Audio is totally lost.  I use the Panasonic SD Audio. The only time I get it back is if I copy it to andfrom the card. It's much better with the Belkin, but that's about the only time it works.  It's also much more expensive, especially if you want to use it for anything other than recording and/or listening to digital audio. You get the feeling that Belkin just doesn't give it enough power.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it worked great until I put it back on. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I finally got it to work after several attempts at returning it to its original state. The first time I used a digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq all worked perfectly. This one takes forever to work with anything remotely related to it. You get the feeling that someone just threw away all their previous experience with digital camera's and mp3 players.  The sound quality is ok for mp3's and video, but you have to be really careful when copying anything to or from it, as the card is soooo sloooooow.  This is such a disappointment to me as I use it for my digital camera and ipc. They both work perfectly, but now I can't copy anything. I'm using it for digital camera photos, mp4's and wma's, and now I have to resort to using a card just for the ipaq and ipa. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised, but they work great for SD Audio. That's great for MP3 and AAC, but not for digital camera or mp3 player. I used SD Audio on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in the performance of my SD Audio and Radio, especially since these are the most expensive and heaviest products I own. I use it in Brasil, but now I can't use it. I'm using SD Audio with this card, but it's soooo sloooooow. I get the feeling it's only getting worse with time. I've returned my product, but I won't recommend it to anyone else 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy DVDs, and it takes forever. The only time I've used it for anything else was to copy and burn my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card is soooo sloooooow. I've used it in the last 2 or 3 days and have been very happy with it until the last 5 minutes or so. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned it twice now with no luck. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq.I have also burned it a second time with no success either. I get the feeling it is defective or the card is full.The only good thing about it is that it saves a lot of space on your card. I am using it with my Kingston 256MB SD audio and mp3 files.If anything ever goes wrong with it, you can't just throw it away 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy any photos and video to and from it. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great for about a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever (5 minutes) to copy a 4MB photo to andfrom it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3.  It takes a very long time to copy any of them. It's soooo slow that I can't run them at full speed.  I've burned several copies of the most recent versions of these products to work with them, but they still don't work.I used to own and returned for a full refund, but it's been 2 days and I'm still waiting on my money back 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used it in Brasil and it took forever to get it back to working.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it just became my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to replace my SD Audio and lost the sound quality. I use it with my iPod and use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq. No sound at all. I'm using Belkin and Belkin Pro. Belkin is much better but Belkin takes up two SD Audio connectors and Belk is a pain in the butt to use. I don't use it at all with my Belkin but it's a total waste of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my Kingston 256MB SD video and audio on my digital camera all the time. I can't copy anything to or from it. It takes forever to copy anything from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. It worked great for a month or so.I just wated a bunch of money on the purchase.  I'm using it in Brasil and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. They work great for SD Audio. The only problem is that I get the feeling that the SD Audio audio is only getting 5/10 or less of the time. The other 3/10's or less. It's not that the Audio codec is weak, it's that the other Audio codecs are overworked and can't be played back with the default settings.I hope this one gets a complete electronic device rating and never makes it to a retail electronic device. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these cards to run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time.I used to run iTunes and other digital camera software but that stopped working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. I've used better and worse, but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player constantly skips when there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The only good electronic device I've used in the last 5 months is a Kingston 256MB SD card. Not this one.  I've returned the unit 3 times now. Each time I get the same result.  It's very annoying to use as a movie player and can't be formatted to work with SD Audio. It's also extremely slow. You get the feeling that it's trying to read the entire Disc when there's even the tiniest smudge. I've burned and re-burned countless times to no avail. I'm using a Belkin and can get away with it because it's so much smaller. But not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I also get the feeling that it's being powered by your camera constantly. This is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my ipaq and ipaq monitor. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card. The only time I get anything close to 5MB/s is when I use it as a copy or transferr between them. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've returned my Kingston 256 MB SD card and purchased the San SD 256MB. I am soooo satisfied with it's performance.  This is soooooo sloooooooow. I use this for my ipaq, mp4 player, and ipak. I don't use it with my digital cameras and ipa, but they get full speed immediately.I hope this is the last time I use one of these cards.  I don.t use SD Audio or mp3. I just use it to copy stuff to and out of.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq and both have problems using this card.I use it with my digital cameras, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipc. All of them have problems with it. I used to own and use it as advertised. I've returned it now. I'm using SD Audio and LEXAR Labs products for my mp3, ipac and ipa. Not using it for the others.I'm very satisfied with my previous purchases from Amazon. I was very happy with them until I received my Kingston 256MB SD card. They work great now but it's very turgid and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy a small movie from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy any photo or mp3 to/from it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned three different CDs using this and each one has failed. The first time I tried burning the CD, the burner burned the music. The second time, the music burned good. The third time I used the DVD and it worked perfectly. I'm using it in Brasil and it's taking forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I get lag and stuttering when moving the card around. I'm using it for both of these devices and I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's also soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units at CompUSA. Worked perfectly for a month or so. Now, I can't use them at all. They're soooo sloooooow.I have burned many copies of the latest firmware on these, but they don't work.I've spent over 5 bucks just on these units, and I can get the feeling that they will never work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq and mp3 player. I used to store and copy my digital photos and mp4 files. The card is soooo sloooooow. I use SD Audio and WMA. The copy is very good until the end of the copy.I used to copy my other digital camera. The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly the first time but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps.I'm using my Canon Rebel XT 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipac, ipak, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from these. I've also used this card in the USA and it takes forever for it to copy to and work with those products.I used Kingston 256MB SD and this one only has SD and no SD. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this SD card for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. Each time I use it, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I get the feeling that the SD card is not being formatted properly for this use, or else there is a high failure rate. I use SD Audio, MP3 and WMA. Not everything can be copied to and/or from it at the same time. It takes forever. This is such a disappointment, especially for those of us that own these products. It makes my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa, ipq, ipec, and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. The only thing that makes it worth it is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly perfectly. But that's it. I've burned countless copies of various HD videos and still can't get them to work. This is such a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to do it.  No sound at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used to copy anything from my digital camera to and from it. The last time I used it, I burned it to a CD and it still worked.  I'm using it for my digital cameras and mp3 player. I use it to copy those files to and back from it, but it takes forever to copy them. I have burned many of these cards to work with my Kingston 256MB SD card, but I have had many failed. The only saving grace is the fact that I use this for my Panasonic and Sony digital camera. These work great.  Not so much with the other mp3 players. It's almost impossible to copy mp3 files to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it to copy a 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries to and of it failed.The other two worked fine. The only problem is that I have burned my last two discs using it now. I'm using the Panasonic I used to burn my other two but it's no longer working.I've used and returned three of these now. Each one has taken forever to burn anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these discs just as advertised, and now I can't use them. The last 5 or so have all failed. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the chance that one of these discs might come in the mail the day after Iordered. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these just as advertised, but have since found out that these cards don't work. Not only that, but the unit takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc and ipaq. No success at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only good electronic device I have ever used has been a Kingston 256MB SD card. The last 5 or so failed. I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. So far I've wasted over 20 bucks on this one. The only thing I can say about this is that I've used and returned three now. Each one has come in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. The first one failed. The second one gave "Bad Disc" errors. I'm using a brand new Kingston 256 MB SD card, and it's working perfectly. The third time I used it, it quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil. Worked perfectly until the card got corrupted.I used a different brand and it worked fine. This one is such an disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo turgid that it's almost impossible to use it. This is soooooo sloooooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It took forever to transfer anything to/from it.I've used much better and much worse. This one is sooo slooooooow.  It's no surprise that it takes forever just to copy ANYTHING to/ from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can get the feeling that this card is rated for 5.5MB SD video, but that is not the case. It takes hours to copy any video to and off it. It's such a disappointment that I have just given up on buying this card.  It is soooo sloooooow, especially with HD video. I use it for my Panasonic, Sony, and Philips 3MP digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, and ipaq ipaq. I can't use it with any of them.  I use and recommend Sony's and Panasonic's.  They take forever to format and copy anything and everything to and out of it.  You can't even get a decent copy to and of it with just WAV or MP3. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can copy your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipq, ipa, ipx, and ipaqs to and back from it just fine. You get the feeling that this is a "feature" not a "bug" 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my SD Audio, mp3, and mp3-2.5 mb mp3 player, ipaq, and ipaq-2 mb audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it, especially in high resolution. This card doesn't work with SD Audio.The other day I used a SD Audio audio player and it worked perfectly, but I had to format it to work with the card.I used my digital camera and radio.Both of them work perfectly with the SD Audio player.I use it for my iPod and MP3 player.Both work great, but it takes forever for it to copy any of their content to and formata it. I use it to transfer everything to andfrom it, but not much is that simple. I'm using a larger Panasonic I use for my digital cameras and mp3 player, so it's much faster.The only way I can get it to Work with it is to format the card to work ONLY with SD audio.I'm very satisfied with my purchase at this point, but be warned, if you copy anything over it, it's going to take forever to get it back to work.I've been very happy with other Kingston 256MB SD Audio compatible SD Audio, but these things just don't hold a charge and won't work. I've burned and formatted many, but never Memorex or Sony or Belkin or any other name brand. It's just too flimsy and fragile. I have burned and re-formatted other 256MB Kingston 256 MB SD Audio and they work perfectly.The Belkin and Sony are the only two I've used that work with MP3 and CD player. But even then, it takes hours and hours to copy and burn them back to working condition.I burned and reformatted it a few more times, but each time, I get the feeling I'm just wasting my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to capture and record video. I get the feeling that my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and used it back home. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had several of these units now and each has had one or two other problems.  I'm using these SD Audio and SD video units now, but have been forced to use them with all of my digital camera and mp3 player adapters.  These are such a disappointment.  They work fine with the Belkin, Belkin2 and Belkin3.  The Belkin and Belkins don't work at all.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is sooooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.  The unit takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use SD Audio and the quality is very good. The only thing that stops it working is the fact that the unit is soooo sloooooow.I used it for the first time last week and it took forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy your photos to and out of and it's such a pain in the ass to copy any video to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any photo or digital camera to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.  Don't expect to get your money back from Amazon as usual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  All three of these have become increasingly frustrated with this card's poor performance. I use it to store my digital photos and mp3s.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got the feeling that the card was full of smudges. I used SD Audio and Radio. The sound quality is very nice for the price tag but you get the feeling the sound quality will degrade with time. I've burned several MAM adapters to work with my Belkin but I'm sure that'll do nothing to solve the sound issues. I'm using Belkin Audio but there's no way Belkin can work with Belkin's Belkin. You get the sense that Belkin just wants you to use it as a Belkin because Belkin isn't that expensive. Belkin has a better reputation but I won't pay almost 30 bucks just for the name!  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, ipxe, ipv6, ipq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and now it's inoperable.I've been using it for the last 3 months and it's never come in use.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse.The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because I used to own but lost the receipt. I'm using it as usual but now I'm out of luck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised, but now I have burned my last 2 pairs. The first time I used them, I just wated a good 30 bucks on this one. The last time I did, I got the feeling that the last 2 sets of these used the same SD card as the first two.I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq.All three failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera all the time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised.The first time I used them, I burned my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and lost it after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipa, ipx, and ipaq all at the same time.I also use it to copy any of my digital photos to and/or from it using my camera's copy function, but the time taken to copy is unacceptable. It takes forever just to copy photos to/from and from this card.The only saving grace is that the price is soo-low that I can get away with using it in this fashion. I'm using it to transfer my digital video and audio to and off it.The other wise, I won't be buying it ever again.  I'm not using SD Audio and Won't be using it for recording. It's soooo laggy and slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD Audio is very slooooo-voiced and skips every time you play or record.  I've used better and worse of these things but never the latter.  It's also soooo slooooooow. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipa and ipaq.  No speed or data transfer. I have burned many copies of the firmware and sent them back.The only good thing about this card are the CF and SD Audio.  If you use those, you can get some decent sound.  But even then, the volume is very muffled.  This is especially true with the powered CF and HD Audio.I am using it in Brazil, so I expect the price to drop.  It is a shame that this is the case.  Good sound is a very expensive thing to pay for these days.  Don't expect to get it back on my next remote purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipec and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.  I'm using it for recording and editing digital camera video.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, but the last 5 or so failed. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and used it back in the U.S. The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just died after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my CF card for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you're using a different model every time you use it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I've used better SD and SDHC but not this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. It's soooo turgid and slow that it takes forever just to copy and move anything to/from it. It also takes forever for anything that uses SD Audio or DTS to work. I've burned a few copies of high-quality audio and video to/with it, but each one takes forever.I've used better and worse products in the past, but never with this one. It feels like it's holding your SD Audio and/or DTS audio, which is the case with any digital camera or mp3/mp4 player, at bay. It doesn't work with these products at all. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this card, I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. All three of them have had their data and/or pictures lost forever due to the SD Audio and/ or LEXAR video being corrupted. I've used better and worse products in the past and never the latter. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that these cards are soooo sloooooow.  I used to copy a few movies and still got the feeling these were soooo slow.  Soooo sloooow for anything else that needs to be done on it.  The other thing I found out is that these are soooooooo sloooooooooow to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to get it back to working. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It's soooo slow that I can't copy anything from it to andfrom it at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of performance and reliability. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq and both have been permanently damaged by using it. I am very disappointed in the price and the fact that this card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for all my digital cameras and ipa and both are much faster with SD Audio. The only way I can get it to work is to format it to take advantage of the SD Audio format. It's very, very, 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I finally gave up on trying to get it to work after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc and ipaq.I used it in Brasil and lost all three. It took forever to get it back to working.It takes forever to copy anything to or from it.I use it in New Zealand and can't use it. I'm very disappointed in it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and get the feeling that it's only using one or two of the two available mAH's. I'm using SD Audio and the other one is used for DVD.I used to own and got the feeling it was my firmware. It's brand new but there's still the risk of bricking the card if the wrong firmware is used. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used it for Xtreme and now I'm just using it for everything else. I've returned it now but I'm going to try using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. Hopefully it won't take forever to format it. I hope someone at Kingston's HQ isn't paying attention and ends up with a $400+ bill 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked fine until I put it back on. I used to replace my Belkin and it was just as bad. I can't use it for anything digital due to the fact that it doesn't work. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. The other day I used it to copy a DVD. The first time I burned it to a disc it failed, and I've burned many of these now, but each one has failed. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. I've used SD Audio and SD Video. Both of these use the SD Audio. I have burned the Sony MP3 and MP4. Both have failed.I've burned most of the Panasonic I used to copy my photos and videos. Each one has burned fine. I use the Kingston 128MB SD. That takes forever to burn to anything, let alone a full-size SD Audio or Video file.I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak and ipaq. It takes forever just to copy those to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes a lot longer to copy the last 5 or so copies I've made. The only good thing about this is the fact that you can use it to copy your SD video. However, the other half of the equation is not so easy. You get the feeling that this is just a matter of time before it gives an error or "Bad Disc."  It's also very expensive and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. The one I used to copy my movies to and the one I use to copy to and copy to were the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. They work great for all 3. They take forever to copy anything to and from them. I use them for my ipaq and mp3player, so they're not designed for that. It takes forever to get them to work with either. It's even more of a hassle to copy them to and back from it, since there's no SD Audio or VGA out.I used to own, but they quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't run my shutter on my camera non stop until it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The only reason I use it now is because I have burned a CD and it works much better.  I've burned many but never Verbatim or Belkin.  You get the feeling that Verbatims are getting more popular now.  That would be a terrible mistake 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these units on Amazon as usual. I used them for my iPod, camera, and ipaq.All three of these units have failed. No reason given. I'm using brand new SD Audio and AC adapters, both of which require the use of these cards. I just don't know which one is defective. I've used better products in the past and they work fine. I will be returning my purchases. I don't trust Amazon anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that it is not designed for that purpose, but for other people it is fine.  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I finally gave up on using it.I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, so I'm returning it now.The only saving grace is that it's soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipx, ipec, and ipaq all at once.I get the feeling that SD Audio is not working either.  The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly the first time, but now I'm using it for all my digital cameras, mp4 player, and  ipaq.  I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that saves you from wasting your money is the fact that it's brand new. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly. Not this one.  I used to copy some photos to and/or from it, and it took forever to get them to work with anything. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Video. I just can't use it at all.  The only time I get away with it is to copy to and save the contents of it to and copy it back.I used to get my digital camera and mp3 player working. It worked perfectly. It's that simple 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. The only thing that stops it from crashing is the fact that I use a card with a full size adapter. That's not enough to protect it from damage. The other problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera or mp3 player any longer. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card all the time to store my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It is soooo sloooooow.  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've been using it in the last month and have run out of space just as advertised. I'm using SD Audio and MP3. As usual, I get the feeling that there's something wrong with the card. I use SD Audio for my mp3 and wav files, both of which require at least 4MB of space, and the card is full to the brim with these files. This card isn't MMC, it's not SD, and it's definitely not SD Audio.I'm using it with the Kingston 256MB SD Audio player, and as usual, the first time I use it, I'm getting errors with "Bad Disc" errors. No way am I buying these at Amazon. I get that the card isn tional, but it's soooo sloooooow that I can't even run my SD Audio or mp3 players. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've burned and formatted it, but I'm not confident that I'll be able to get it to work with my future purchases. I have burned many, many other MMC and SD Audio adapters, and this is the first and only time I've used this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use my digital camera all the time.  Not as easy to copy as a Kingston 256MB SD card.  Soooo slooooow.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my first remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I get the feeling that they use the same SD Audio codec as the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, and that's just not good. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I used to copy my movies, but that's about it. I'm using a much better brand (SanDisk), but you get the impression that these cards are still the same (as Kingston). I'm returning them now. They're only 9 bucks on Amazon, so that's really not much of a price for the poor performance. I expect them to be defective after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.I used it to replace all of my Kingston 128MB SD Audio and Radio.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.WTH is the "3 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries" and "6 pack of these batteries" that come in the post.The only thing that is "new" about these is that they cost almost 30 bucks just for the batteries.The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes longer to copy to andfrom it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq.  All three of them have been very happy with it until now.The sound quality is good for digital camera and ipak. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I have used much better and much more expensive products, but have not been satisfied with them either.I am using SD Audio now. It works much better now.  It takes a while to copy to and/or from it now. If I use my camera's mic, it takes forever.  The other two use it with it, but not much better.  They also take forever to transfer anything to/from them now.Buying via Amazon as usual is super 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require the SD Audio and/or the LEXAR 2100 mAH batteries. I used this card just as advertised, but now both of them are soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my DVD and audio to and from it. I've burned many times now with the same results 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost all my data. I used another Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked fine. The only time I've used SD Audio or Video, it has been almost 30 minutes with both working. I'm very disappointed with this product and will return it in the mail, no questions asked. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod and camera constantly. I've burned it to work with the Belkin, but it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever to transfer anything back to it after you copy anything. You get the feeling that this card is sooooo sloooooow that you can't even run your camera at full frame rate.  I have run my camera at various frame rates (5, 5.5, 7.5) but it still takes forever for it to copy any of the photos to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. All three use it at once. I get the feeling it's the Kingston 256MB SD card, not the SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo much slower than the Kingston 128MB SD Audio card. I'm using it to transfer video to and/or from my Sony MP3 player and ipa. I don't expect to get much use out of it at all. I have spent a good 10 bucks just on this card so far. That's not including the cost of returning and getting new cards. I used to own but gave them away as a freebie. I can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used this card, and it's soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, mp3 player, ipa, ipq, ipv and ipaq all at the same time.  This card takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. I get the feeling this is the original SD card. Not only that, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I've burned it twice now and each time it takes much longer to copy than expected 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great until I got the feeling that something was wrong with it. I used a different brand, but it worked much worse.I used Amazon's 5 pack of MAM and each one of them worked great, but one of the last 2 failed. It's been a month now, and I'm using brand new SD Audio. I've written a positive review about good electronic device is a good electronic devices: Always something that might come in handy one day, but right now it's just a time-suck. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I won't buy these ever again. I get the feeling they're the only ones that work at this time.  They can't even be formatted for SD Audio or MP3.  I'm buying from another seller now, but I'm not putting my faith in them anymore 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it and it's been through a number of different electronic devices. This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipe, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from these devices. I've bought different sizes and different brand names. This is the only one that comes in the mail exactly 5 days after Iordered. The other 2 work great. It's just the one that takes forever.  I use SD Audio and WMP3, so this isn't a big problem. Just don't expect to get the full 4.5MB SD Audio or 3MB WMA files with this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and it worked fine for about a year before I gave it up on Amazon because of poor sound. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using CD player, radio and ipaq as usual, but now they both sound terrible. I've used better ones on Amazon, but they cost about 30 bucks just for the batteries.  I've returned the product several times now, each time returning the item as advertised. Each time I receive the same result. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq and ipak. It's absolutely useless for anything else.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil, and the first time I used a digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq, it all worked great until I plugged it into it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my ipaq and mp3, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy my DVDs. They worked great for about 5 minutes. After that, everytime I copy anything to and from it, I get "Bad Disc" errors.I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each time, I've gotten the same results. I'm using a larger DVD player, so I'm not burning anything with it (it's too big). I'm returning my purchase now.  Don't get the feeling that anyone involved with this company takes the time to learn about electronic devices or the potential problems that come with burning a lot of video and audio. I hope that they never get the chance to burn anything with their own products! The only thing that might come in handy is if you get a bad copy from a different brand/manufacturer/etc., you can try and return it, but I'd suggest buying a different product instead. The others have all been defective as well.  I'm putting them back on the list for a 4 pack of 5 bucks, but that's still too much. I've burned everything from Blu-Ray to standard audio and they all give "Bad Copy" errors now.I'm buying these now and save myself the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it just gets the job done, but everytime I use my ipaq or ipaq mini it lags and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on the card.  I have returned this card to Amazon as usual is the case, but I'm afraid that they are going to get the job of burning the original CD and that it is just going to give you the same bad sound.  This card is such a disappointment and I'm using it for everything but my mp3 and ipaq.  That is going to be the end of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it broken within a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and use SD Audio. The other day I just gave up on using it. I can't use it at all now. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and can't get it to work. I've used better and worse. This is definitely not worth the full asking price.  I'm returning it now and asking Amazon to send me a new one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc, ipa, ipcc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I use this with my digital cameras, ipaq and ipac, and it constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors. This is not my first time using this, but not my last either. I have spent a lot of time with these cards, and I have burned the product (using MAM), but it's still not perfect. I've used better, and worse. I'm using my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. All three of them have been the victim of this card.  I've lost all of my work and data with this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipx, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it. I'm using it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It makes it soooo laggy and turgid. It's like listening to CD quality audio on a CD player.I'm using this on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera and mp3 player. This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes a lot longer to copy any of my photos or video to and/or from it than to copy them to and with a larger Panasonic I used to own and use.  I have burned and re-burned it several times now but it keeps failing and burning itself out. I've used better and worse brand-names, but I'm sure it's the Panasonic.I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better and worse. This is definitely not the one I ordered. It takes forever to get it to work. I can't get the feeling that the other end is working either. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipac, ipq, ipak, ipg and ipaq2. I'm very disappointed in it's performance. It's soooo sloooooow. I get the impression that Sony is trying to cut costs by using cheap components but that just isn't the case 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned a copy to work with it, but it still takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq. I use my Belkin, Belkin Pro and Belkin Jr. Not as fast as the Belkin.The Belkin is sooooo slooooooooo. I can't use it as my Belkis, Belkonis, and Belkons.I use to run my Belka and Belka Pro.I'm using Belkin's now. Belkin has a better reputation. I hope Belkin makes better products. This is a total rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I use both of them on a daily basis. Each time I use the card, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac, ipak and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards as advertised. Worked great for about 2 months, until I discovered that the SD Audio/Video files don't work with these. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, mp3 player, ipak and ipaq. All of them work great with the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and Video files, but not these. So, unless you pay a whopping 60 bucks just for the fact that these are soooo sloooooow, you're just wasting your money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to copy anything from my digital camera to and from it.  It takes forever to copy any of my photos or videos to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now. The second time I got the feeling that the SD Audio and/or SD Audio+MP3/WMA/AAC/MP3 video were being lost.The only thing that's saving this is the fact that it's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my iPod, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq, ipa and ipa, ipac and mp3. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned countless digital photos, mp3s and even movies with it. It doesn't work at all. It's sooooo sloooooooow that I can't even use it for my digital camera and ipaq. I'm using a Belkin and this Belkin is soooooo slooooooow. You get the feeling that Belkin would perform better, especially for use with digital camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  This is soooooooo sloooow, and takes ages to copy even the smallest files to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to run my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.The only thing that made it worse was that I used it to run the power cords of my other devices. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned multiple copies of anything to it, but the last one takes forever. It's like a lost cause 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which require the use of an SD Audio adapter. This one doesn't work at all. The only reason I can think of is that it's made by Belkin. Belkin makes excellent products, but not at the expense of quality. This is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my Belkin at all, even with the Belkin's power adapter plugged in. I'm using my Belk's adapter now, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, both of which require very slow SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards at CompUSA because I needed them for my SD Audio and mp3 Audio files. I used them and the next day I got a call from Amazon about a defective card. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered and I'm very disappointed in them. The sound quality is OK for MP3/WMA and AAC. But when I play them back in any other format, it sounds very tinny and sloooooow. It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to capture video and still can't use it. The SD Audio quality is fine, but the only time I've used it is for the recording of 3 or 4 minutes of HD Audio at a good volume. I can't get the sound any higher. This is a complete rip-off at any price point. You get different sizes to match your car perfectly, but not all of them are as well-suited for this task. You also get different price points to match just about any car perfectly. The one I used for my video recording and still doesn't work at all.  I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipac, ipq, ipa, ipx, ipec, ipfx, ipqs, ipad, ipk, ipks, ipqv, and ipaq.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD audio is not working. I used it with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it in Brasil, and used it on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. All three of them have had their SD Audio and MP3 player quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, mp3 player, ipec, ip and ipaq all work great.  Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the convenience of not having to keep re-installing/re-booting/reloading/etc. It takes longer to copy any of those to/from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It also constantly gives the "Bad Disc" error. This disc is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to read anything from and back to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipec and ipaq. I'm using SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card just isn't as advertised. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used better products in the past, but not at this price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my data on all 4 of my SD video (2.5MP) and 3 of my 3 SD audio (1.5M) mp3 files. It took forever to copy them back.The last time I used a Kingston 256MB SD card, it worked great. This one is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to transfer anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs at CompUSA. They worked for 2 days.The last 5 times I have burned these discs, I have been given a total of 4 "Bad Disc" errors on the first 3 attempts.I am using a Kingston 256MB SD Audio recording, but I can't get it to work with these. I can get it working with CD Audio and Radio, but not the other way around. It's really annoying because the last 5 or so times I've used these discs I've burned them with LEXAR's brand.I've used better and worse products in the past. LEXARC's is the worst I've ever used.  I've returned all 5 of these units now.I'm using Kingston 256 MB SD Audio. That's perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Why would anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the packaging! It's soooo sloooooow and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to replace my Belkin but was very disappointed in it.The Belkin worked much better and I can run my digital camera and mp3 player perfectly. This one constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there's even the slightest smudge on a good disc.The only way I can get it to work is to burn a good copy to it.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until I put it back on and it said "Bad CD" again.  This is soooo sloooooow.The other day I burned a good 30MB copy to and it worked perfectly. Great sound. I'm very satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I used it with my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. All three of them use it as usual and now it takes forever to copy anything to/from/to/back to it.  It takes forever just to copy ANY of my photos to/ from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in the event of a power outage or the power is interrupted. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've spent over $60 on this purchase now and have been very satisfied with it. However, after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You can get the feeling that this is made of flimsy plastic.  If that is the case, you can get your Kingston 256MB SD card just for the cost of the card.  Not as fast or as stable as a larger Panasonic I used to own but other than that, I can't recommend buying this.  I have burned many good digital photos with it but never anything that is digital camera quality.  This card is such a disappointment.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it.The other day I formatted it to work with SD Audio. It worked great for about 5 minutes until I realized that everytime I played a sound clip it would get corrupted. I burned a copy to work around the issue. It's very annoying and I'm using it primarily for my mp3 and ipa. I'm very disappointed 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used this card just as advertised. I put it back on, and now it won't work. I've used better and worse. This is the worst I've ever used. I'm using it for a Panasonic and my remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD video. It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I get the feeling that this card is only rated to work with SD audio. The only thing that stops it from being totally worthless is the fact that the unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. That is unacceptable. You get the sense that the people who made these products didn't even bother to read the product descriptions 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and can't get it to copy to or from them.I'm using SD Audio and SD Audio is sooooo slooooooow.The other thing about this card is that it takes forever just to copy any sort of video/photo to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It also takes forever back to the original. I'm using a brand new Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, and it still takes forever. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it to copy music and video to andfrom it takes forever. It takes a long time to copy any of the movies I've purchased on it as well. This is such a disappointment to me 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned twice now with the last two returning the same results.The first time I used it, I used CD player and radio, both of which work better with the Belkin. The Belkin, on the other hand, is soooo sloooooow. I used to play my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq all at the same time, but they took forever to copy anything to and from it. I finally gave up on returning it and buying a different Belkin or Sony. I'm using my Belkin now.  I used Amazon because I'm very satisfied with it. They work much better.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq, ipaq and ipc. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost all my data on it. I get the feeling that it's my SD Audio player and not the card. I also get the impression that the other cards in this series of 4 work great. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio.I hope my luck with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I used it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq.All 3 of these devices work perfectly with SD Audio and Video, but with this one you get a "Bad Disc" error. I've burned and burned successfully, but there is always a chance that the data is corrupted.The other problem is that the power cords are soooo sloooooow. I use my camera, ipaq and mp3 all the time, so I don't use the power cord as often as I should. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just gave me the "Bad Disc" error and burned perfectly fine. I have burned many a bad CD and now own a few. I used to own, but never owned the ones from Amazon.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the other two SD Audio digital camera adapters I have bought from Amazon have the same failure rate as this one. Each one is defective and I'm using the Belkin brand now. I have burned my Belkin to the ground and am now using the Kingston 256MB SD Audio. That's right, the Belkonas work fine with Belkin's, but not Belkons. You get different results using different brands of SD Audio, so it's important to know which one is best for your camera. The Belkin is soooo sloooooow. I'm also very disappointed in the sound quality. It's soooo much better using Belkin, but you get the sense that the Belkins are mowing through the sound. They just can't hold a candle to Belkin or Belkin Pro. That said, if you use it for anything other than digital camera use it will be at least a year before you get a refund.  Not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy and play with my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq and ipaq3. Each time I used it, it would copy the content to and/or from it and waste my money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipx, ipxe, ipq and ipaq all at the same time.I also get the feeling that this card is only formatted for SD video.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac, ipc, ipa, ipec, ip2, and ipaq. All of them work great with the SD Audio and MP3, but with this card, the sound quality is extremely poor. I used it for the last 5 or so sessions, but each time I've used it, I've burned or formatted it to work with SD Audio/MP3, and each time it burns or formats, the audio quality suffers even more. The only saving grace is that it can be formatted to work perfectly with SD Video. I burned or Format it, and now I can play all my movies and TV shows perfectly.  I've purchased and returned three of these now, and have been very happy with each one. It's definitely not worth the asking price I paid for it.  Price isn't everything to everyone's liking, and sometimes you have to pay a little extra for quality and features 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy a digital camera and used it as usual. This card just isn't fast enough. I've used SD and SDHC. Both work great. The only problem is that this card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my iPod and keep it totally secure while driving. If I put it back on, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's not my camera.  I've returned it now and exchanged it for a Kingston 256MB SD card. This one is much better and takes up less space.  It takes forever just to copy any video to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.  I've used better ones, but they're still sloooooooow.  You get the feeling that this is the result of a poor quality SD card, and not the other way around.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards to replace my Kingston 256MB SD Audio. This one takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using this as my only sound device and I can't return it now. It takes forever for anything to copy to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised. They work great for SD Audio and mp3.The only problem is that each time I copy anything to or from it, I get a "Bad Disc" error.I also get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac, ipex and ipaq.I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio.The other audio formats work great. I'm just sooooo disappointed in these cards.  I'm using it with the Kingston 256 MB SD Audio, which is the fastest I've used to date.I don't use Amazon as usual, but I'm sure they will offer a full refund to anyone who returns it.  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has had the same problem with power cords and adapters not working. This one came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered. The only thing that stops me from giving it a one star rating is the fact that I have bought and returned three of them now. I'm very satisfied with the first two, but this one just gives me the feeling that something is wrong with it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it never worked after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. I get the feeling this card is only designed for SD Audio/Video. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that your last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to store my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly for a year or so, until I put it back on now.The unit came back as advertised with the SD audio and video out of sync. I've used better and worse units from Amazon. This one is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my Kingston 256MB SD Audio and found out that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for anything but digital camera and mp3 player.I use it as my digital camera, ipaq and mp 3 player.The only thing that saves it is the fact that it's MMC. Don't expect to get the full 5MB SD quality from it. This is sooooo sloooooooow. I used to run my digital cameras and mp2s, but they lag everytime I plug it in. The only thing I can say about this card is that it doesn't work with SD Audio.The price is right for the product, but not the price you pay after the first 5 minutes of use 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  The only thing that stops it from being totally useless is the fact that you need to format it to work with SD Audio and MAM.  Don't expect to get it to run at all unless you pay almost 30 bucks just for the privilege of using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow. I used it to copy anything to and from it. Worked great for the first couple of times, but after a year of ownership I can't get it to work any longer.I used to copy everything to and form it into a decent SD Audio/MP3 player, but now I can only copy and burn digital audio.It's soooo laggy that even my remote can't copy anything back to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised and used them on my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only thing that keeps this card from failing is the fact that the SD Audio and video are both encoded at the same time, but only one can be played at a time. This results in a very sloooooow playback. The only good thing about this is that it's only $12 on this very site, so I'm using it for my Blu-Ray and TV. If I put it back on, I'm very likely to destroy it.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes forever just to copy a small electronic device to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've used it many times now and each time it has come in the mail exactly 5 days after Iordered. The only thing I can say about this is that you can't use it for anything other than remote quit making excuses about the poor sound.  I used to record some of my favorite radio shows but that is now impossible. I can't even get the sound of my remote to work 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, mp3 player and ipa, ipaq and ipak, ipa and ipc. The sound quality is great for these products, but the playback is so sloooooooow.I used to own and it worked fine until I put it back on, but now it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards because I needed them for my digital camera and ipaq. They work great with both of them. The only problem is that the card is sooooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many copies of movies and TV shows with these cards and each one takes forever. The other problem is the cost.  I used to buy them on Amazon, but the prices have skyrocketed.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac and ipaq. It took forever to get it to copy to andfrom these devices. This is soooo much slooooooow. It makes even the slowest SD Audio and Video recordings take forever to transfer to and/or from this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs at Amazon as usual and now I can't play any of them. I've used better and worse products in the past. This one is soooo sloooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio and MP3 audio were recorded with a digital camera, and not with this card. The other 3 audio tracks, including SBR and LEXAR, are all corrupted and do not work. I'm using it for my MP3 player, radio and ipaq. I've returned it and exchanged it for another Kingston 256MB SD card. This time, I'm getting the feeling the other 3 are too. I also get the sense that there is some sort of serial number problem with this one. If you use a digital Camera, you better be very careful with this, or you'll get SD Audio or LEXARS errors! This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these as advertised. Worked great for a year or so, until I finally gave up on returning the unit. I'm now using a Belkin and it's much more secure. I use it to run my remote, mp3 player and ipaq. The Belkin keeps everything totally secure while driving. Not as easy to use as the Belkin.The only thing that's saving you from getting a 5 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries is the fact that these work with my Belkin perfectly. No sag or loss of power. You get the feeling these work for less than 5 bucks just by paying attention to the unit's instructions. They don't even mention the Belk as an option.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes ages to copy it to andfrom them. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just for convenience. I expect it to last a good 15 minutes or so, but it's just not worth the asking price.  I'm very satisfied with my Kingston 256 MB SD card.I use it to store my digital cameras, mp4 player, mpq, ipa and ipc.  It's the cheapest I've used and I'm quite satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes ages to copy any of the above to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in the last 3 days and each time I'd get "Bad Disc" errors or "Bad Video" if I put it back on. The only thing that helped was to copy the unit to andfrom it via SD Audio. It's soooo sloooooow and it's soooooooo sloooow to copy to and From it.  It took forever to burn a copy to it and it cost me almost 30 bucks just for the cost of the product itself 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil, and it took forever to transfer anything to/from it. The DVD player doesn't work either, but that's not the big deal here. The sound quality is OK, and the price isn't everything to play with when it comes to buying/renting/billing for the cost.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it for my digital camera. It takes ages to copy to and to from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've used SD and SDHC now and they work much better.I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq.I use SD Audio and Lame CD audio.The only saving grace is the fact that the SD Audio work better with the adapter. It takes forever for it to copy to andfrom it.I've used many, many times over the years and never with these products.The other big issue is that the sound quality is very nice for TV.TV sound quality deteriorates with time.I used to own and it's terrible now.  It's only getting worse. I'm using a Belkin and it works much better with these cards.I don't expect anyone with these at home to be using them for anything digital. They just suck and cost way too much money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only thing that's working is the sound quality. Not much bang for your buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned and reinstalled a few times now and each time it takes forever. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, ipq, ipak, and ipaq. None of them work with it. It's very frustrating using it for anything else. I'm using it to copy DVDs, not work with them or store anything on it. Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is only as good as the last 5 or so. I use it to store my digital camera and ipaq, both of which use SD Audio. This card does not work at all with these. I've used better and worse products in this regard. This one is the worst I've ever used.  I've burned my last remote to work with it, but the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it to run my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You can copy anything 4 or 5 times and get the feeling that it's all copying over from the original card. Not very secure either. The other problem is that it takes forever (2 or 3 hours) to copy any digital camera to and/or from it (even though it's brand new and can work perfectly). I used it to copy photos to and off of it several times and each time it takes another 30 minutes or more to copy the last one. I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised. I hope I get the 30 bucks back I spent on this card because I'm just not satisfied 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player and both of them get slooooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The DVD player and radio are both totally defective and don't work with CD/MP3/Radio. The remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player, and it has been a total failure since I bought it. I've used better and worse products in the past, but never this one.  The only good thing about this is that you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and laggy. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy my movies to and back from, but the transfer rate is so slow that I get the feeling that the card is recording everything with the camera and not the other way around.  I used a better brand and got the same result.  The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered, but I'm still using it for everything else now 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and ipaq. Both of these require full size SD Audio and can't be formatted to work with it. I've used better and worse. This one is such an disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the middle of a thunderstorm and it kept falling off after a month 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx and ipaq. It's soooo turgid and slow. I used it for a year and a half until I gave up on ever returning it to Best Buy.  Now I can't copy anything at all.  This is such a disappointment and I'm using it for everything from digital camera to ipaq and ipa. I'm buying these now at my last hope on ever getting a refund.  They're soooo much more expensive than the other products I've purchased. I get the feeling that people just don't use these much.  If you use it to copy, make sure to copy it very slow. It will take forever to get it to work with anything other than the most basic of formats.  You can get 3 mAH on Amazon for the same price as one of these cards.  I can save myself time and frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that you can't even use it for digital camera work anymore.  I used it for my digital camera and ipaq and now it won't work at all 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, and now I can't use it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that you are wasting your money on this card 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's such a disappointment, especially after spending so much on other brands. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just to save space on my SD Audio, and now it takes forever for anything to be copied. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipak, ipc, ipa, ipq and ipaq. It takes so long to copy even the most basic of things to and/or from it now. I've used better and worse brand products in the past, but never Ridata. Ridata is such a pain in the rear.  I use my Kingston 256 MB SD card all the time for my mp3, ipac and ipa. I can't copy anything anymore.  Ridata doesn't work with SD Audio either, so you can't use it with your radio. It also takes forever on and off to copy any data. You can't even copy anything using it with SD audio. I don't use the remote much anymore, so I don.t even use it. I just used to copy something to and to and it takes ages to copy it back to and with it.  It's soooo sloooooow. If you get it working with the remote, it's soooooo slooooooow. I recommend you just get another brand of this, and save yourself the frustration 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 player. It takes forever just to copy them to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling you bought this just to get the 5 pack of these batteries, but the last 5 or so failed. This is such a disappointment. I use these batteries in my remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil, and used it for my iPod and camera all over again. It takes ages to copy it back. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipx, ipq, ipa, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to copy anything to and from. It takes forever to copy any digital camera or digital camera to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin, which is much better. I used a different Belkin for my other remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought and returned three of these units now, each one has been defective and now I'm using SD Audio instead. This one is soooo sloooooow. You can't even run your CD player or radio at normal volume.The other two work great.  But I can't use my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all at the same time.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes much longer to copy from and to it than from any other Kingston 256MB SD card. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipak, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It took forever to get it to copy any of these to and back from.  I use it for all of my digital cameras and mp3 players. It is soooo sloooooow.  It took me over 30 minutes to copy the last 4 or 5 photos I took with it.I used a different brand of SD card, and it worked much better.I'm using a Panasonic I used to own, and now I'm using it to store my digital photos and mp 3 player. I'm very satisfied with it, and I'm going to try using it with my digital photography. I use my camera a lot, and these photos are very large.The only thing I dislike about it is that it takes forever (sometimes forever) to copy them back to and to from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that this card is soooo sloooooow that I can't even use it to copy anything to and from. It takes forever to copy ANYTHING to and FROM it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipac, ipa and ipaq. All three of these use SD Audio. The other one doesn't work at all. I'm using SD Audio on my other two.The only reason I use this is for my ipaq and ipac. Not for my mp3 player, ipaa or ipaq w/o CD player. This is sooooo sloooooooow.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these units for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq.  Each one has had problems with slow down/hanging/freezing.  This is a complete rip-off at any price point.  If I get a full charge, these work great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs just as advertised. Out of 5 or so attempts at burning them, I have burned three times. Each time, the first 3 or 4 copies burned good, but after a year or two, I can't get any more than a 25% success rate with these discs. The only saving grace is that I used them for my Sony CF card, and they work great. I'm very disappointed in this purchase, and will not recommend anyone pay almost 30 bucks just for the fact that they burn poorly.  I used to own, and it worked great. So if you get the chance to get them for a few bucks on this very site, don't bother with the rest of your purchases just for that reason 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the summer time and the card just worked for 2 days.I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.The only time I get "Bad Disc" errors is when I use it to copy anything to and from it.It takes forever to copy to and out of it.The last time I used this, I used a different brand and it worked great for 3 days.The second time I use that brand, I get the dreaded "Bad disc" errors. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card just to keep it totally secure while driving, but that's not going to work with anything larger. The unit takes forever just to copy something to and back from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just isn't as advertised. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq mp3. The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly until the first time I used it.Now, whenever I plug and play my digital cameras, mp5, ipak, ipc and ipa it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my digital camera a lot and use it to copy any photos and videos. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in every respect. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It takes too much time and space to run any programs at all. It's such a hassle to use it as usual.  If you run it, it's a guarantee that your data will be lost in a few minutes.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, mp3 and mp4 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipcc, ipq, ipec, ipv, ipx, ipj, ipk, ipl, and ipaq. It just takes forever and space for them to copy any data to and out of it. The only good thing about this is that it can hold a full SD or SD3.5 digital camera, mp2, mp1, mp0, mp4, and mp2.5.The only thing that bothers me about this card is that the card is soooo sloooooow. I use my camera a lot, mp/2.0 mp3/1.5 mp4.5, ipak, ipac, and vlc. They take forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these as advertised and were just as advertised. I used them at home and lost my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player. This card is soooo sloooooow. I've used better and worse products, but never at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to get my SD video. The first time I used it, it burned my CD player and radio. The last time I tried, it worked for a year or two, but after that, I couldn't use it anymore. I've burned it a dozen times now, but each time, it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my digital camera and ipaq, and both of them have SD Audio. I just can't recommend 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, but the last 5 or so failed. I'm using SD Audio and MP3, and both of them work great. I use my camera a lot, so I'm very sensitive to the heat these cards get. I've even burned my own copies of the MAM adapters, but each one has failed.The last time I used them, I used SD Audio, WMA and OGG. All three of them worked great, so it's not my audio or video hardware. I used the Kingston 256MB SD Audio/MP3 and WAV formats, which are perfect for my camera and still work great after the last 2 or 3 failed. The only way I can get them to work is by using them in conjunction with Kingston 256 MB SD Audio. They work great in that capacity.  The only problem is that the noise and heat get so much worse when they're not being used.I'm very satisfied with my other electronic devices, so this is not an issue for me. I expect that the failure rate for this product is very high for the first time they've been used in this capacity. This will result in wasted money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipak and ipaq. It takes ages to copy them to and off it.  It's even slower with my ipaq plugged in. It makes it soooooo slooooooow to copy and upload anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my iPod and used it to play music. It took forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipa, ipx, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. This card should be soooo much faster. It is sooooo slooooooow.I use it in Brasil and it takes forever just to copy any files to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it was such a disappointment. I used my Kingston 256MB SD card, but the unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered.The only time I've used it was to copy anything to and from it.The unit came completely turgid and failed to copy any of the work I've done. I'm using a different brand of SD Audio now, but it's no longer working with that unit either.It's soooo sloooooow, I can't even use it for my digital camera and mp3 player at the same time.I'm using the Belkin brand now, which is much more powerful, but still slooooooow. The Belkin is soooo much more expensive, but I won't pay almost 30 bucks just for the sloooooooowness 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Each one has experienced a loss of capacity and speed with each purchase. This card should be much better than this.I have spent over 25 bucks on this card and am still without the use of it's full capacity. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these for my digital camera and mp3 player. I used to copy and print a lot of my digital photos and mow them back out to get the best results. They all burn up and give me the "Bad Disc" error. I use the Kingston 256MB SD Audio, but that's not enough for my mp3. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised, but I'm using it now for my iPod and mp3 player, not my digital camera.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD video, and it's now the most disappointing digital camera I have ever used. The other problem is that it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy a 4MP digital camera to and out of it.  I'm using a Kingston 256 MB SD card just for my camera, and I'm very disappointed in this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It's soooo slow that I can't even copy anything between them. It also takes forever (or at least 3 times as long) to copy any large video files to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipq, ipac and ipaq. I've used better and worse. This is sooooo sloooooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq. I can run all 3 of them at the same time, but they both take forever to copy anything to and from it. This card doesn't even work with SD Audio or SD Audio and MP3 at the exact same time. It takes forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The only good thing about this card is that it is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. That is unacceptable for any camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. Unfortunately, I have lost my last 5 or so of these cards. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I don't use that much. The last time I used them, they gave me "Bad Disc" errors. I've burned my own copy of the good DVD and it worked fine.I'm using SD Audio on my digital camera. That's it. It's that easy to burn anything with these cards 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I used it to copy anything and everything to and from it. It takes forever to copy any of my digital camera's or mp3's.  It takes much longer to copy digital camera photos and mp3 audio.  So, if anything ever falls off, it's going to take forever to get it back on.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised.It worked great until I got the feeling that it was recording everything to and from it.It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it. You can get a 3 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site. I did. They work great and the recording quality is excellent. I use them to record everything from my digital camera to mp3 player and ipaq.I'm using them in conjunction with the Belkin's that came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.Belkin's work great.This one doesn't work. It takes forever for it to copy any video or audio to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the Netherlands, and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it in Brasil, and get the feeling that it's all the other parts that hold it up, not this one. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's definitely not my SD Audio. The last time I used this card, I used it with the Kingston 256MB SD Audio and it worked perfectly.  I used the Kingston 128MB SD audio and it burned in 5 minutes 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the middle of the night and it failed after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It is sooooo slooooooow. I've used better and worse. The worst is definitely not recommended 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq.  It takes forever just to copy the media to andfrom it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. Both of them work great with this card, but now I can't use it at all.  The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered. Worked perfectly the first time, but I'm using it for now just as a remote. No use for my camera or ipaq anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes so much longer to copy my MP3 and other digital photos to and/or from it than it takes to copy them to and off of any other SD Audio device I own or have used in the past. I use my digital camera all the time for my digital photos, mp3, and ipaq, so this is unacceptable.  It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to replace my Kingston 256MB SD video. It worked well for a year or so until the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked great until I bought these cards and they work great with my Kingston 256MB SD Audio, but not at all with my LEXAR 256MB audio. I've used better and worse products in the past and never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes ages to copy it to and back.  The only good thing about this card is the price.  If you use it with your digital camera and ipak, it takes forever just to copy any photo or video to and out of them.  I use mine for my ipaq and ipa. It just takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Well, now I have a number of electronic devices in the last 4 months that all have this problem. I have burned my own firmware and purchased new SD Audio, but have come to the conclusion that my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card as advertised. Worked perfectly for a year or so, until the card became full of sloooooow SD audio.I also have problems with slow down/lag/noise/loss/stuck connections. This card is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipx, ipv, ipc, ipec, ipac, ipex, ip and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use my digital camera all the time.  This is soooooooo slooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used to copy anything to and from it. It took forever to copy my digital camera and mp3 player. It's soooo laggy that you can't even play back mp3s or use it as a remote. I'm using a Belkin and use Belkin as my remote. This card just can't hold a charge, even when it's plugged in.  It takes forever to write anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used to copy DVDs to and back from it successfully. It takes up to 3 hours to copy a single 4MB audio or video file to and off of it. This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever just to copy it to and to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever even to copy a full photo to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used to copy anything and everything to and from it. The only thing that made it work was to copy a very large digital camera (with it's own SD Audio) and copy everything else with it. I can't even get the camera to copy with it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it in Brazil and have been using it ever since I received it. It has been a total failure to date. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've returned it now. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq mp3 players. It's taking forever to run them all. I haven't used it for any of my digital cameras or mp3 players yet. It would be nice if it were just the one that takes forever. I can run it and copy anything and everything to and/or from it, but that's about all it can do. It might come in handy one day, but right now I'm just using my Belkin for everything. This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo sloooooow. You can't use SD video with it. Even when it's plugged in, the sound quality is soooo muffled and it's soooooo sloooooooow to copy any photos to and to from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it to run my digital camera and ipaq. Both of these have SD Audio. The Belkin takes forever.  Soooooo sloooooooow. I use my Belkin to run digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipak, ipa, ipc and ipa. Both use Belkin. Belkin is soooooo much faster.  No matter what I use to copy any of my files, Belkin always takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this to replace my Belkin and was very happy with it until I got it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned many copies of photos, music, and movies to and/or from it, yet it takes forever for it to copy those files back to and out of it.  I have spent hours on the Belkin trying to get it to work, yet everytime I try it burns my Belky out of the blue 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I've bought and returned three now. Each one has been defective.  Sooner or later, I'll have to send it back. I'm not willing to pay almost 30 bucks just for the privilege of returning it. I've used and returned several of these now, but each one has had some kind of firmware upgrade that's now causing the problem.  It's a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in the Amazonas de Janeiro and it developed a major flaw. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.I'm using it for my digital camera and mp3 player and am very satisfied with it so far, but if I'm using anything else with it I'm very much at risk of burning it out. I've tried returning it to Amazon as usual and have been told that it's "out of warranty" and will require a return of the entire unit. I'm just not willing to take that chance 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got the feeling that the card was soooo sloooooow. I used SD video, radio, and ipaq as usual. It took forever to copy anything to and from them. I'm using it in the USA now, so I expect it's time to upgrade. It's not my first time with a Kingston 256MB SD card, but it's definitely not the last time 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.I use it for my digital camera and ipaq, and both use it as their primary SD Audio and VGA outputs.I've returned it twice now, both times I've had to return the card. Each time I get the feeling that it's just not making it work with my setup.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and found it soooo sloooooow and soooo much sloooooooooaming. I also got the feeling that this card is only rated to work with SD/HD/MP3 audio. I used to record my first video with it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I have burned countless CDs and DVDs, but have never had success. The last 5 or so failed because of this as well.I'm using this in conjunction with my digital camera and mp3 player, and expect that the noise and slow down that I'm experiencing with those other devices will also be experienced with this one. It's soooo sloooooow that I can't even copy anything of great quality to and/or from it, even with the CD player and radio on full volume.The only thing that I've found that might work is to turn off the radio and CD player. It might come in handy if you can't copy anything good to/from it. The other devices I've used to date have always worked fine. It is sooooooo slooooow, even for my mp3 and camera. It takes ages to copy even simple pictures.If I get my hands on a different one I'm going to try my luck with that. I don't want to burn my good electronic devices just for the sake of having them. I'm sure there are better and worse products out there, but I'm definitely not buying this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them.  You get the feeling you can run it for as long as you want. It's just that you can't get much work done.I've used better and worse ones. The worse ones have taken forever to get any work done at all. I'm using a Kingston 256MB SD card now. It took forever to run my first copy to and back.  I'm going to try my luck with a 256MB card. Hopefully that will work. I hope someone in the Kingston Electronics Support group is paying attention. If it doesn't work with a year or two of use, I'm buying a new one and hope it's the one I get from Amazon 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq ipaq. I've used better SD and CF. This one is sooooo sloooooooow.I use it on my digital cameras, mp4 player, mp2 player, and ipac.I'm very happy with my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised and now they are soooo sloooooow. I used them with my digital camera and mp3 player. They took forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in the remote Amazon rain forest. The DVD player quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  I used it for my digital camera and mp3 player.Both of these failed.  It took me a month to finally get the card to work with my mp3 and camera.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipac and ipaq. This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to capture video of my wedding and the first time I plugged it in I got the feeling that the SD video was being recorded at a much lower quality than it should be. I used to purchase online and it was the exact same one. I have used better and worse products in the past but never at the same time. I've used SD and SD2.0. The last one worked great. I'm going to try my luck with another brand and see if that's the case. I hope not.I'm using it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak and ipaq mini.I used to own but gave it away to buy online. I thought it would work. It's the first and only time I've bought this product online. The price and product quality are perfect for your mp3 player and ipac, but not for your camera. You get the feeling the camera's recording at a lower quality because it's soooo sloooooow. The only saving grace is that the card is soooo full. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that you are using a different brand and model number every time you use this card. I use it for my SD and HD videos, and both have the same video quality. I've used better and worse cards, and this one just doesn't work. I used to own, but since I got this one I've put it back on the "Waste of Money" list.  It's only using the SD Audio and Video, which aren't very good quality. The built in SD Audio is a bit better. But I can't use either.  I use my Zoom H532 mAH batteries, and they work great.  This card just takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I can copy anything back to and out of my other SD Audio/Video, but that takes forever as well. It's just not worth the asking price 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the card is full of air, which is a bad thing when it comes to SD Audio and Digital camera audio. I've used better and worse products in the past and always returned my purchase. This one has been the worst ever since I bought it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc and ipaq.  It takes a lot of time and frustration to copy any of these to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The SD card just doesn't work. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq.All three of them work fine with SD Audio. The only time it worked was with the last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it as my SD video and digital camera take forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to get it back to work. I have used better and worse products in the past but never this one 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've tried every format of SD card and every brand. Each one takes forever. I'm using SD Audio. It takes ages to copy even a single wav or mp3 file to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. It takes a lot longer to copy any of those to and out of it. It's soooo sloooooow and takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both take forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipec, ipq, ipa and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from them. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD SD audio and the Kingston 256 MB SD video. It's soooo turgid and sloooooooow. It also takes forever for it to copy any digital camera or mp3 to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipac, ipq, ipec, ipc, ip, and ipaq at the same time.  I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just fine.  You get the feeling that this card is designed for SD Audio and JPEG, not for your digital camera or mp3 Player.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in the sound quality of these mp3's. They don't work very well at all. I used it with a digital camera and mp3 player. It was soooo sloooooow. I'm using my Kingston 256MB SD card just for these mp2's and mp4's. I just wated a ton of money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get 3 different versions to match your car perfectly but none of them hold a charge any longer. I use SD Audio and MP3.MP3 fails at any time you copy anything over.The only good thing about this card is that it is small and takes up little space on your SD Audio/MP3 player. It's only a problem when using those media files.  I use them all the time and it never fails. You can get different sizes to match the car perfectly. I used a Kingston 256MB SD card and it worked perfectly. You just need to know what you're doing and be a little more careful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked fine for a year. I've used it three times now. Each time, I get the feeling that there's a high chance that the card is going to get damaged at some point. I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player. The last time I used them, both cards got damaged. I'm using SD Audio. They don't work with it.The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it to store or copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa and ipaq ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything from and to it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this card every day and each time I get the feeling that it's just a matter of time before the card is full. I've returned it to the Amazon vendor and received the full 2 pack of these cards, but now I'm just using one and it's taking forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. Both of them use it. I've used better ones but this one is such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use my camera and mp3 player constantly, but both get frustrated because the transfer rate is so slow. It's soooo flimsy and I'm using SD Audio as usual. I'm also very unhappy with the fact that I can't run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 2.5 fps.  Not much bang for your buck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's soooo much slower than advertised, especially with 4 of my SD audio/MP3 files being 5-15 minutes to copy to and out of. I'm using this card as my main SD Audio/MP4 player and get the feeling that it's not getting the job done. It took forever to burn a good 4MB MP3/WM file to and it's taking forever to write the same file back to and save it to and load it back in. This card just doesn't work with any of my media, and even if it did, it would take forever to run it. I burned and burned again and burned some more, and each time I get the same results. It is sooooo sloooooooow.  It takes a long time just to copy any 2.5 or 3 MP3 or 4.5 Mp4 files to and output it.  I use it for my MP3 player, TV, and radio, and it takes forever just to output a good one.  If anything is compressed or otherwise damaged, it's going to slow down your overall use of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The CF card just doesn't work at all. I have burned numerous copies of these cards and each one has the same failure rate. The only good thing about these cards is that they work with SD Audio and can be formatted to work with LEXAR. However, if you play back any audio with them on, the sound quality is so-so.  The only way to get good sound is to use a separate digital camera or digital camera and mic. It's not worth the cost just for the cost of not being able to use it.  I use them in conjunction with my Zoom H5 digital camera (which takes excellent pictures), and use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipa and ipaq. It makes it soooo sloooooow to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil. It worked fine until I used my camera. Now it's totally useless.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it at my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq, ipa and mp3. It takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it to run my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipa, ipc, and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brazil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I've used better ones and they work much better, but not as well as this one. I used it in Brasil and lost it on the first day I used my digital camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.I've used and returned three now. Each one has been defective.I bought these discs at Amazon and tried my luck with burning them to work with my MP3 player. Each time I burned them back to a CD, I got "Bad Disc" errors.I'm using Panasonic I used to store my digital camera and mp3 player, so I'm assuming the media is too thick.I use my Sony HDTV as my primary source for my digital photos and mp 3 player. I can't use my computer for anything else at the same time.I used to own but that one got me into trouble.I was very happy with it until I got the "Bad Audio" errors and burned the second time.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.The only way to get rid of them is to throw away the whole batch 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost all of my data on it. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've been using SD Audio and WAV, but both of those work better with SD Audio. The only time I've used it was to copy a CD. It took forever to transfer it.I've used better and worse products in the past, but never SD Audio or WAV. This one takes forever. I use it to copy and store my digital camera's digital camera RAW photos and mp3 audio. It's taking forever to save and copy them to and/or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  The only reason I use it is for my digital camera and mp3 player. I use SD Audio.MP3 can't be played back with this card at all. It's soooo slow. I've burned multiple copies of the product, but each one takes forever.I also have experience with Kingston 256MB SD Audio and WMA Audio. Both of them work much better with SD Audio or AIFF.MPEG Audio is also fine, but it's soooooo slooooooow.I'm using it for my ipaq and ipaq sound system. The sound quality is great for the price, but you get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it as a primary digital camera and mp3 player. I put it back on the first time I used a digital camera, and it takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using my trusty Kingston 256MB SD card just fine, so there's that as an explanation. I also get the feeling that there's a small amount of noise on the sound.I have burned and replaced it many, many times with different SD card sizes, and each time it takes longer to copy any audio or video.I've also used it for my digital camera (and ipaq) and ipaq. Each time I burn it back to the original it takes much longer to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  It's soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Kingston 256MB SD card just gives you 4/5 on my last remote quit using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and it worked much better in the US. However, after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipc, ipa, mp3 player, ipac and ipaq.  It took forever to get it to work with those products.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it to store and copy MP3/WMA/AAC audio files to and from. It takes forever to copy anything to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is the first time I've used it and have been very satisfied with it so far, but now I can't copy anything at all. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player. I'm very satisfied until the other day when I had to copy everything to and form it back into it.It takes forever just to copy and get it back to working.  I used to own but now it's "R" rated and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly. If you want it to work perfectly, get a different brand.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these discs and put them in my iPod and they burned perfectly. The only problem is that the first 25 or so burned good, but after that I get the feeling that they are holding the data. I use my CF card every day, but I am not going to use them now. They take forever to copy anything to and from them. They also suck. I have burned many, many, MANY different brand and capacity discs but never from these.  I'm going to try and burn them with my other brand and hope that this time they work.  If they don't, I'm out of luck 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, ipa, ipec, and ipaq. I've used better products but never this one. I'm using a larger SD card just to show the difference. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  You can get the full 5 pack of 5 for 9.95 on this very site but the last 3 or so have failed.  I use the Belkin Belkin. It works much better and is much less expensive 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  You get the feeling that the SD Audio and LEXAR are recording at 3.5 or 5 mAH volumes. I use these for my digital camera and mp3 player. Not much space between the SD and L EXAR. I get the impression that the other parts of the card are also failing. I'm using Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I hope that the LEXARS will hold out for a long time. I've used better and worse. This one is definitely not worth the price I paid just for the cost of using it.  I use it for my mp3 and ipaq and both work perfectly fine with the L EXARS. Not so with my camera 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use my camera.  This is a complete rip-off at any price point 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and got it working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil, and it was the very first time I've used it. I put it back on and it worked great until the first time you used it, it was soooo sloooooow. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. The last time I used this, I used the Belkin, which worked much better. I'm going to try to return it to Belkin's manufacturer and see if I can get a better price or exchange it. Don't expect to get the same performance with the Belkow or Belkin any longer 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Belkin and it's even worse.  I've used Belkin's and they work great.I'm using it for my iPod and MP3 player.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned my own CD and audio.The Belkin takes forever.  It's soooo sloooooow.I've used better and worse products.This one is soooooooo slooooooow.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in terms of speed and capacity that I have put it back on but have to say it takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipc and ipaq. It takes forever for it to copy those to and fro it.This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it to transfer anything digital and it takes ages to copy it to and off it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. You get the feeling that they could be much better if they used SD Audio instead of MP3.  The card itself is the same as Kingston 256MB SD Audio. I'm using the Belkin Belkin 256MB Belkin.The Belkin is sooooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It takes hours to copy any of these to and out of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. Each one of them has its own issues. I use it for everything else. It takes forever to copy anything to or from it.  It takes even longer to copy it back to it. It's soooo sloooooow and it takes forever (over 5 hours) to copy any kind of photo or video to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to copy anything to and from it.  I used it to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq. All of these require the use of SD Audio and/or the Built-in Audio. I used to copy the files but found out that it requires the useof the Audio as well. This is such a disappointment. I've used better and worse. This one just feels like a "hockey puck" that's been deflated."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment in my use. I used it as my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow and takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever just to copy any small electronic device to and From it.I used to copy my digital camera and mp3 player. It took forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it I was so disappointed with the sound quality. I used CD player and radio. Both sounded horrible. I use CD player, radio and ipaq. The only way to get the sound back is to get a different digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and use that as a substitute for the Belkin.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my digital camera, ipaq, mp3 player, ipac, ipc, ipa and ipaq. It took forever to copy anything to and from it. It takes forever to get it back to working.  I also used it in Brasil. It worked perfectly there, but after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it for my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned and formatted the card so it can work with SD Audio and VLC, but not with any other audio or video content. I'm using it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipa, ipx, and ipaq. I use it with Amazon as usual, and it takes forever for it to copy any of their content to and out of it. No way I'm paying almost 30 bucks just for the cost of shipping and using it. It's just a big disappointment. I don't even use it for digital camera anymore. I put it back on, and now it takes longer to copy ANYTHING to and off of it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and lost my card twice before I got the chance to get it back. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and now I have the feeling that I'm using a "DDR" card.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I've burned several copies of most of my work work to and back to it.  No good results at all.I'm using the Kingston 256MB SD card and the Belkin 2MB SD.  I'm not a big fan of using Belkin's products as usual 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow that I can't use it at all.  I use my digital camera all the time, mp3 player, ipaq, ipac and ipaq all use it.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from them 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc and ipaq ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought this card just as advertised, but it took forever to copy anything to and from it. It's also very sloooooow. Using it as my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq all use it. I'm using SD Audio and WAV.WTH is this? It takes forever to transfer anything to/from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, ipaq, ipak, mp3 player, ipa and ipaq all at the same time. It takes forever to copy anything to/from/to/from. I've burned and reburned multiple times but it still takes forever 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow.  I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipec, ipak, ipa, ipac and ipaq.  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought these cards just as advertised. They work great until you put them in use. You get a lot of noise and slow down after a year or two.  I use them in Brasil and use them at home.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Bought these cards just as advertised, but they work great for my digital camera, mp3 player and ipaq. Well, after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. It's even worse with video and audio. The only way to get it to work is to pay almost 30 bucks just for the paperwork.  I used to copy my last remote quit working after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I used it in the Amazon jungle, and it took forever to get it to work. I finally gave up on returning it to Amazon, and I'm just using it for my digital camera and ipaq. I'm very disappointed in this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use these SD Audio and SD Audio Plus adapters, and each one has had this problem.The first time I used them, I was very happy with them.Now that I've used them a couple more times, I can tell you that these suck. I used to own, but they just didn't work anymore. It's not my speakers. I've bought and returned three of these now, and they still don't work.I also have a feeling that these are fragile. The first time that I used these, I dropped them a few times, and one of them broke. I put it back on, but it broke again. I'm using the brand new versions that come with a small printout of the U P C L A C T O M P L E T that you get with these. The ones that come in the mail are much flimsier. I use the larger ones, but I'm not confident that they'll hold up.If you want to use these with your digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipa, ipc, and ipaq ipaq (or ipaq and ipa), you're going to get a very nice sound. If you want your mp3 and/or radio to work, you're just going to have to settle for using the radio and your ipaq. Not as easy to use as a brand new one, but not as bad either. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it to copy my digital camera, mp3 player, ipaq, ipc, ipac, and ipaq.The first time I used this, I burned it with CF card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 3 days after Iordered.It took forever to copy anything to and from it. I'm using it for my digital cameras, mp5 player, and IPaq.I'm using this CF card because it's brand new and I don't know if it's just me or if the unit is defective.I also use it to replace my SD card and this one takes up 2MB more space. It's such a disappointment 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. This is the only time I've used it. It takes several minutes just to copy a single file.I've used and returned three of these now. Each one has been defective in some way. It's very time consuming to copy even the smallest of files. You get the feeling that the quality of the photo or video you copy is not as crisp as you would get from a larger Panasonic I use to copy all my digital camera photos and videos. This can't be said about all Panasonic I've purchased.  You get what you pay for 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used to replace my Kingston 256MB SD card just as advertised.The unit came in the mail exactly 2 days after Iordered.I use it for my digital camera and ipaq.It takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It takes forever to copy anything to and from it.  I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player.  It took forever to get it to work with either of them.  The only way I can get it back to work is to buy a different one.  Ridiculous 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is soooo sloooooow. I used it in Brasil and it took forever to copy anything to and from it.I used it with my Sony digital camera and mp3 player and it takes forever to transfer anything to or from it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This card is such a disappointment. It takes forever to copy anything to and from it. I use it for my digital camera and mp3 player, both of which use SD Audio. It's soooo sloooooow. I've used much better and much worse. This is soooo much worse than anything else I've purchased online. I used to own but just threw away after a year 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used it in Brasil and was very happy with it until I used a different brand and it fell off about 3 times. This is the worst I've used in my entire life. The only reason I can get it to work is by plugging it in to AC adapters. Not as secure as a Kingston 256MB SD card. You get the feeling that the other parts of the card are fragile too. It's very turgid and takes forever to copy anything to and from it 
