Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is a great product but it is too expensive for it to be worth the cost. It is a terrible sound system and the sound is extremely low in comparison to the quality of the sound produced by a good set of stereo headphones. I had the same problem with a different manufacturer of electronic devices. ********  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, October 31, 2010  Great, but cheap  by Daniel from California USA  Pros: Great sound quality  Cons: Really cheap .  Review: This is an exceptional set of headphones. They were very easy to set up, sound good, and don't require much power. , from that the very first night I put them on, I heard my best friend playing a beautiful guitar solo for me. They sound great. I recommend them.  the price seems too good to be true. however if you want an excellent pair of earbuds this is it  Did you find this review helpful? Yes Thank you for your feedback. Your feedback will help other people.  that the price seemed too good  Yes 4 people found this review constructive. /r/earbuds  I think the best way to describe it is it's a great set of ear buds, but the price is a little steep, I think you can buy some nicer ones at the same or even better quality for less, so keep in mind there is a difference between quality, price, quality, quality. I'm glad that I bought them and I'll be buying more from this brand, they are great  did you find what you were looking for? Yes, I think the worst thing about this product is that they are too cheap to be good, they aren't made for high fidelity, I would recommend to get the bigger ones, or go for the Etymotic ER4
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would have preferred this to have been made of plastic. It would have been much more comfortable. This is an annoying feature of the device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have two of these with one set of keys in my car, and this is the worst thing I've ever purchased. I don't like that there is no way to shut it off. So I have to constantly check the battery level. The other keys don't do anything when you push them either. I also found that the buttons don't click when you click them to turn the unit on. I have no way of getting them to be able to work properly.!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this mouse for 2 months and after that i dont use it. it hasnt moved an inch. i can do everything with it but thats it. i want to spend 30 dollars on a new one and ive been doing that for 2 weeks now. the button work but the cursor cant be moved. its the same exact problem on my xbone one too. i will be throwing it away. if it worked half as good as the other one ive used ive probably spent more money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Value! I bought this mouse 2 months ago for work and now I use it for gaming. Its perfect and the price is reasonable. Its has been very reliable, no problem with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this to replace my samsung tablet. The screen is bad. The only reason i purchased this was becuase it was $100 cheaper. The actual screen is like a 2 inch rectangle with a black screen on the bottom. I can't click on it or make a call. I got to the store to try it out and the guy couldn't figure out how to turn the thing on so he gave me this one. The battery is also dead. I have tried to replace it but the button on the side won't work. The button on my sony doesn't have a spring on the button either and i don't think either of those buttons can be used to turn it on. So im really bummed out because im thinking about selling this sony and moving on. This samsung is really good and has a better screen but this one has a dead battery. Also the fact that this samsung comes with the tablet dock is also a problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iFruit app is the worst. There's so many things that are just wrong about it. iF fruit only supports a single device (not 3 or 4). This is the ONLY problem i've had with it. The app should be for multiple devices, instead of one.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The item did not work very well for me. I got a $75 computer. It's a netbook. It was very nice to use. It had an SD card slot for playing music but the only time I would use that was on airplane and I'd never take a music player with me on plane. If I wanted to listen to music the SD card would just get stuck. I would have to insert a hard drive if I wanted music. So if you are looking for a good computer this is not it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having trouble with this laptop. it goes down when i plug it in, and then goes up when i turn the power off. it has no trouble booting up, but the battery gets hot really quickly. i keep it plugged in during the day and charge it during the night. im not sure if i should be throwing it out, or i should replace it?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The unit is unusable! The USB port is unreliable and the charging cable has a horrible cord, very rough and very cheap quality, it will crack when it gets very hot. It took about an hour to charge it at full speed, when it was full. I would like to return it because I am not happy with the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    One of the first things I noticed when I unpacked this case was that the top flap was too flimsy for the case to hold any of the modules that go inside it. After a week of use, the top part of the flap has come off. The plastic is coming loose, making it more difficult to close. Also, the case is not held together very well. I have been using it almost exclusively for the few days I have had it now, and have only had it out for about 30 minutes. In addition, I would recommend that you double check that the case can hold the modules inside before putting it in a bag to carry it, as I was unable to close the flap at all because the plastic was coming off, and it took forever to unclog the filter.  This is one of the better ones out there, but it doesn't work.   No need for this case.  to be fair, this is a case that is a good buy for the price, but is not meant for extreme electronic use, especially not for the size it is. I do have to add that the filter is very hard to get off if you want to use it for anything else, so just stick with the case I mentioned.  , it's made to hold an array of module holders, but they are not very sturdy, and the filter just gets in the way of holding them in place. It's very cheap, and not very good quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* This is the worst device I have ever owned in my life. It does not even recognize my mouse. It is just dead! I have to take it apart to turn it back on. I would never buy another one. I really don't like it. I hope it gets better soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I opened the box I was surprised how small and light the device was. It is very nice that it is so small and portable. However, I really wish that it was a little more sturdy than it actually is. The screen is very scratchy, but it will probably get better over time. I wish that the battery lasted longer. When I have to charge it I have a hard time, but this is not a problem when I am on a long trip or I am not paying a lot of attention to it. The design is very similar to the Nook Simple Touch, but the case is a lot thicker. That's okay since it's so lightweight and small. It has a very nice design and is great for portability and it is just what I was looking for in an electronic device. The only thing that is a downside is that the charging case needs a good quality case for the battery to charge properly. The case also doesn't fit in any of my cases and this is another problem.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have 2 of these and I really think they are bad. They are hard to get off and the batteries are really cheap. I've been using them for years but when I started the batteries were really low, and they started dying after 2-3 years, so I'm giving this product a zero.   a bad review from a good device:  These headphones are great and the sound is pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Went to a hardware store and they told me the iPad mini would be out at 6. This is a lie. I got mine at 6:15. I have to wait until 8 because they didn't have mine in stock. Now I have the mini, but only on a very limited network, the whole reason I wanted this was so I can have it available on my local area.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________The keyboard is really too big. I'm an IT guy and I would be hard pressed to type at a fast rate without hitting my wrists. I just wish they would have had this back in 2007. I use this to type a lot of text, email and web pages. When I finally got used to it, I was amazed by how fast I could type on it. I got rid of the old one, because I was tired of typing on it! I love the layout and the large keys. I will have to get the wireless one for work so I can still use my old one to type.  I used this keyboard for the first time in a year. It felt great! After going thru the process of removing all the crap that came with it (which it was a lot), I'm happy with it. If you are on the fence about it, just order it!  Very Satisfied! I bought this for my son's bedroom keyboard, which was a surprise. He wanted one in every color he saw! He is getting so much use out of it already. The keyboard is a great size, a lot less than I expected. I used it for a few weeks and it seems like it will hold up well.  the best keyboard for any home or office keyboard This is the best quality, best looking, most affordable keyboard, and you will be very pleased. I was a little concerned that I might not like it as much as I wanted to, but the more I use it, the more comfortable it feels. It's a little on the big side for a home/office keyboard, but it's also a nice size. I also love that the keys are larger and easier to get to with the included cord, instead of having to fiddle with a cord that will eventually break, or buying one. If I had to go back, I would have just gotten the extra keys and let it run the entire time.  with great keys and layout great keyboard for price and size great keyboard, well made and good quality keyboard, I had no problems with the keyboard, except for the fact it took me an hour to figure out that I had purchased the wrong color  Great Product, Great Support I have been looking for a keyboard for several months, and when I found this one I couldn't believe how good it was. It is the perfect size and very sturdy. I can easily type at full speed on it with only minimal
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got 3 of these, one broke a couple months ago, one lasted a few months, and the third one was like brand new. 2 days ago i got the new one, the first time i unplugged it it came to life, the lights came on, the display said it was charging and had enough charge to get 2 days of usage, and i went for a ride and took about 6 hours. i had been planning to replace the device with the same brand, but now i think i would stick with the original. i didnt get a receipt and cant remember when i paid the difference, not worth the risk
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had two eletronics that I couldnt figure out for many months, my problem was ive tried everything i could think of, my last eletronic had a problem the battery started to smoke and I went out and bought a new one and after all this time ive got the worst battery failure Ive ever experienced in a computer, all of the components inside are just fried, this time the computer and my headphones were fried, I have since replaced it and it runs but still a huge problem if you need a computer or are going to use it in a long term and do alot of stuff, you can get a new model from here but it will cost you alot of money and it wont last more than 3 months.. I hope all of you can read through this and see the problems and the solutions as i have, you might find this a great site if you want an eletric but you shouldnt waste your money and go with a bad one, I hope this helped!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using these for about 5 months and have to say i wish i had never bought them  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for the price, only a small flaw. If you want a good inexpensive USB audio interface, you need to be sure that the input is not too long. I bought this with a 4 ohm output, and when I tried it with a 2 ohm input, I got the same distortion as with a 5 ohm device. With the input too long, this could cause audible distortion. It's a flaw only with this particular unit.  The unit comes with a manual with several helpful settings and an overview. The problem is that it doesn't give you the option to use the programmable encoder, so the unit only has two encoders for now: a 12 bit resolution which is a little less than ideal and also a 2-channel mode. There is a USB option for setting the device to a specific resolution and/or sample rate. You can also download the program for use with other programs like WAV, WMA, or AAC. This is a great product and will be a great addition to any audio gear collection. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung galaxy s II and the usb hub is very flaky and can not connect at all (even at full speed). ive also had a pc usb controller that is very reliable and has been working for years, the usb 2 is so slow and unreliable that ive replaced it all the time and i cant connect anymore. ive read a lot of reviews of usb hub failures and people say its to blame and the fault of the computer and not the usb.   This is a really bad buy for me. i love my samsung devices, but im considering giving up my sii because of the usb issues, this usb hub would have been so much better, but they are still making it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this one for 6 months now and its been terrible. i bought it because i was going to upgrade to a new pc. now, its an epic failure. one minute it boots up, next thing you know, it shuts down. i have a mac, so it does not matter which mac i use, if the ipad shuts off the pc is gone. this is such a bad piece of junk. the first time i got it to boot up it worked great. since then it has been constantly shutting down. after all this time of use and abuse, the battery is dead. this ipad is the worst piece of crap i have ever used. this has ruined my apple experience. i am looking for a different brand to buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a gd650 for a few months and have had some issues with it. 1. the batteries that comes with the gd are really good but they do take a very long time to charge. 2. the buttons for the power, volume, usb and the sleep button are not very responsive at all. 3. the usb power port is extremely unreliable at getting power. 4. the gt5x has a very loud fan and its very easy to overheat it. ive fixed many of these issues but i am still a little hesitant about using it for music production, i dont feel comfortable with using it at all in this capacity.  Good little mixer: It's a great mixer, however it doesn't have a mic. The software for creating audio patches is lacking. Overall great mixer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 3 months and it still doesnt work. it has been replaced by my mom who had a 3.5 inch one for 4 years. the buttons don't work, and it has a hard time receiving and turning on a 3 gb phone on a mac. i know it isnt my phone but still should have replaced it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 days now, and it is just not working. i was using it to listen to music but there is no sound and i have the speaker on and the tv off. i have not tried changing out the wires yet. my question is if anyone has tried this out, do you think it is a bad unit?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________   This is by far the worst thing I've ever bought. This is by the best seller in the Apple Store so you know you are getting a high quality product.   I paid $100 and it was a joke. If you're thinking about spending this much on an Apple TV please consider this. I would never have purchased the Apple TV if I had known this was the case.   a lot of the times you can't see the buttons or see where you are going or even if you are in the middle of something on the screen.     The remote control is a joke you don't even know if it works or not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My iphone 2g iphon4a had been a great iphonet until the iphones were all dead... i have 2 old iphons and one new iphonione 3G iphono for my music collection.   i was not able to get the new ips to work... it was like it was a new ipod... I finally got the new iPod and i loved it   it was iphonedg...   I bought 2 new iphones so the ipods had to be replaced. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This has to be the most expensive of the two. At a dollar a pop. It is just so much junk. Not to mention it never worked right. The battery is so bad I can't see why anyone would ever buy this item. The screen doesn't even turn on on it and there's no way to remove it. So just be prepared to spend hundreds of dollars.   If you really want to spend $500 for this, just don't get it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought the K2. This is the first wireless bluetooth speakers I've ever owned. I have owned an old Sony Walkman (which is a great, inexpensive bluetooth speaker) and a couple of other brand of wireless blu-ray players and headphones, so I have an idea of what I'm getting myself into. The problem: it's pretty much impossible to charge the bluetooth unit. I bought one of the USB type B battery packs and plugged it into the USB port on the front panel. I've been able to charge it a few times (the battery life, while good, is not very good.) One time, while charging the battery, I noticed my music was blaring. It wouldn't turn off until I unplugged the unit. Another time I plugged it in and all the audio was still playing. It's a little frustrating. It also sounds pretty crappy, and there's no way to turn the volume down to make it louder, and the wireless range is not really very good, which means the signal is only getting through if the speakers are placed near the receiver. Overall: it looks like a really good product, but I would stay away from buying this unit unless you absolutely have to have it and you know what you're getting yourself into.  Pros: Great sound, great wireless range, easy to use. Cons: Bluetooth range is very poor, not very bright (which I use to set the level), low battery life
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had mine for about 2 years and I've had no problems with it. I just wish it was a little larger so I can place it on my wall with ease. This is my first experience with a smart tv and it is so convenient. It is just so light to carry around and the tv itself is just great for watching TV.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst bluetooth speaker I have ever owned. It will always work in the middle of the road but after a couple weeks it will not talk at all. If it does work it will be in my garage, with no power. It seems the audio doesn't work for a good reason, it is dead. If you are looking for a bluetooth device that works in your car or house. Buy a cheap speaker, the sound quality is ok but you won't be using it much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for a week now and i havent even gotten a single call. it's so slow it just sits at the top of my screen constantly. it won't even answer a call on speaker. i even got a call with an emergency on it. no way to contact any service. this device just sucks, not worth the money. i think if i had to pay the money for a better device i would get it but for the price of $30 it's a joke. dont buy this thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one I purchased was very good, worked great and had some very good features, however, I was not satisfied with the sound quality. The second one I bought for my daughters (both girls and it did not have a memory) was not much better than the first. The first device had a good built quality and had built in speakers so I could turn the sound up and hear my children laughing on my porch. The other did not and when my daughter did not like the sound of the third one I ended up returning it. This is not a bad sound quality however. My kids like it and I like it. There is not much to choose between them and I can turn them all the way up to get my 2 year old to sleep but I feel like the first device was better and I am returning it because it just sounds better.  Noise problems I got a baby monitor as a gift for my 2nd child. I was really excited to get it. I am very disappointed that it only comes with one of the following 3 inputs: 1. iPod (not compatible with iPod Classic - this is a problem if you already have a "Classic" in your iPod) 2. 2. TV (This is a big NO - my wife bought the "Vibrate" - works great with our TV, but does not work with the "TV" input. We tried this "Vibre" also - works but at a low volume (not that loud). 3. Smartphone (this was the other option, but I think it is much better to just use the baby monitor for your phone, even with the baby connected to your phone). Not sure about the "Audio" input - it doesn't sound as good as my baby's mom's old model, but we have tried it - it still works. The only issue is, if you plug it in, it may cause a vibration. It also is kind of expensive for such a simple device - it's overpriced for what it is.  in all, a good product.  of course it's expensive
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This laptop has a bad battery and keyboard. I purchased a laptop about a year and a half ago, and have used it daily for most of the last year. The battery was dying before it was even replaced, it was starting to get low on battery and was losing data fast, so I had to buy a new one. Then the keyboard would freeze when typing, so when I had another battery and a keyboard, I tried the laptop, and it would keep on freezing for 10 minutes. It had to be plugged in, it had to have internet access, or I would have to power it down and start from scratch. The laptop was also hard to turn on, the keyboard kept going in and out, it would take a lot of force to turn it on and off. I gave it away, and bought a much cheaper laptop.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Steve from Great laptop! The laptop is a solid computer, great specs and very reliable.  as other reviewers have said it's been a few years since i have used an iBook and the iBook was a bit of a pain. the XPS 13 is a much better iBook, with more battery power and a more sturdy build, i've been using it for two weeks now and it is going strong.  (the laptop came in great packaging and it was as it should have been).  The build is a very solid and attractive plastic, it feels solid but the plastic is soft enough it will be comfortable to use even after a few hours. The screen is nice too. The only downside is it is quite loud for a laptop of this size, but that's the way it is made and the noise will pass with time. the touchpad is okay but not great, and the keyboard feels a bit flimsy, but not that bad and I've had the machine for a week now, so it seems like it will last a while.  is a great computer, you really can't ask for much more in a 13 inch laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my son, he has a new ipad. He had to take it apart to put it together. All he did was open it, hold down the power button on the back for a few seconds and he had it all put back together. Then he went and bought a new one!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i love this i have it for over a year it works great but the battery life is horrible it just dies after 10 hours of using it with no signal. not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! What a terrible product! After many attempts to reset my computer the hard drive won't work at all!!! Please take it back!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is a very inexpensive electronic device and I've already spent about $80 on a good one. I like it, but it's very noisy and very hard to set up. I'm not sure what it is but it is very annoying and if I set it up the first time, I have to start over, and then I just have to reset it. It's just annoying and I can't use it. My guess is this is because it only has one button that does something and doesn't tell you what it does. I don't think it would work with a computer keyboard, but I've tried it with a mouse and it works fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using my old phone as a camera for my iPad. I have the camera on the iPad, I use it for both pictures and video clips and I can't get the video to record correctly, the picture is choppy and the phone is always freezing up. After several failed attempts with my old camera, I finally figured out a way to record video from my old Android phone which has a great camera. After my phone stopped working, I ordered a refurbished phone from the store that I normally get my tech service from. They actually sent me a brand new phone and said I would receive it within 2 days. I had it a couple of days later, and it actually worked and worked perfect and it was in perfect working order. They even said I could use my old SIM card to make phone calls and they said that my service would be "back on line". I got the phone and it works perfect. After a few more months the service started being off line and the only reason they would say it was working was because it was just a software update. I called again a few days later and they didn't want to hear from me, they said they had to "rebuild" my phone for me. I told them that my old device is dead and I don't have the money to replace it and that I will be forced to use my older device until they can get me a new phone. They said that they would fix it for me and put me on their "priority" account, and send me a software upgrade. They never put me back on their priority account, even though I asked them for it multiple times and have been told I can pay for it with a credit card. My service was out for 6 months before they said I was not able to pay and they would try to repair it. It is still not working, they have told me that I have to get new hardware, but all I can tell them is to fix the problem, which they have refused to do. All I can really do is get a new smartphone and go on my computer, or try to upgrade to the newest android phone which is available at any big box store for a good price and have a good camera. If I can only save a few dollars I would just buy a new one every few months and get the newest software and it would be a lot of fun using it instead of this broken mess.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's pretty bad and I feel like they are going to try and sell me this at a higher price...  Ive had the same thing for years and its one of the reasons I bought my first computer  (the original) I dont feel like giving it back...  isnt it kind of like you have a piece of glass in your hand and you drop it to your chest and break it because its too big for you?   Then you get that bad feeling you get when you drop a broken piece of your glass... In the same way I felt like I had a piece in my hand and it was too big and too heavy for me... So i broke it  And now Ive got this piece... i would have gotten it even if I was willing to pay more to get it....  Is this a good product or does it have issues that need to be fixed before I will buy it again?  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The new iPad was a nice device with very good video and audio quality but when I connected it to a computer using USB I get an error message:  After the first time of connecting the iPad to my computer I get the error "The device cannot be detected" so I had to reinstall my drivers. So I had no way of connect my iPad to the computer. Also, I get a message on the iPhone that the device was not recognized on the Mac. But then it works perfectly on Windows PC.   I am a long time computer user and I was very disappointed with the new iPad. When I tried to connect it to my PC I got the "This device cannot connected" message so I reinstalled all my drivers and now it works like new. I recommend that you get the latest firmware from apple  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good product and works well. However, the remote does not work very well. I was able to activate and deactivate the switch, but the light that shows what the switch is doing is very bright, which is very distracting. I also have had no luck activating the switch by looking at it. If you are using this with a tablet then you will need a way to control it while it is in the "standby" position. It would be better to just put the switch in the top of your device instead of having to use the remote.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great! Works as advertised, easy to use, good quality! The unit is very sturdy, easy, and the controls are very easy to set up. I got this to do my work station and it is very convenient to have it in my office. I have used this for a year now and it has not stopped working and is just as reliable as it has always been.  that says something. I use it for video and sound work. I love that there is no need to take my ear plugs out, that means no more noisy and annoying coworkers interrupting your work. You can leave the work station for a little while and be sure to look at your switch or whatever you are looking at to make sure it is still powered on.  (Posted on 6/26/2018)  Perfect product The device works perfect  (Posted on 5/13/2018 )  Great product!! I used this to power my workstation in my bedroom. I found the buttons easy to press and I found it easy to toggle the switch when the switch wasn't in use. It works great. (Posted 5/11/2018, edited 6/29/2018: I am having problems with this switch, it can turn on in one click, but when the remote is in it can only be toggled at a certain time. I will be sending it in for repair at a cost of $15. I hope that will work. ( Posted 5/8/2018 edited 6.13.2018 ) (Posted 2/14/2018 on 4/18/2018 I have been looking for an item like this for over a year. I am very pleased with the quality and functionality. I like the fact that I can use it to monitor the status of the TV without having to plug in the dvr, and with it being an
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the samsung galaxy s for over 2 years now, its a wonderful phone and ive bought a lot of things from them. i bought the s pen to replace my regular pencils. i thought the s samsung s pen was perfect, i had the ink all the way to the end of the barrel and i didn't use it very much. it has been working great, and i think ive only ever used it for a month and a half. now i'm looking to replace it. so i'm thinking of getting a more expensive samsung as a replacement, i just cant risk it. I've been looking for a new pencil to use on my samsung for over a year now, and this seems to be the one. i really dont think that ive been able to get any good reviews on this s pen. i will probably buy the s Pen and get a nicer samsung, ive just been looking at everything.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased two of these with hopes of making the best of them as I had only had one unit in a month. I use them to play my guitar with my electric guitar's 3.5mm jack plugged into the amps. I was surprised to find these units do NOT take my plugging in my amp properly which makes my guitar sound "buzzy" (I can not hear myself playing at all).   At first I thought it was just a bad amp but when I used the unit in the live room it sounded like a bad amplifier so I had to get another one!   Don't get me wrong, the sound of these units are great when plugged into an amp (like my acoustic guitar) and they're a little more powerful than a normal set of stereo speaker. I do not know if these are the same one that came with the acoustic, but I do know they DO NOT sound like they should. I would not use these speakers for anything other than the use they're meant to be.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  They do not last a day.  It will break, it will have a bad battery, it does not play well with other devices.  Posted by Andrew S at 12:59 AM Well I have had my T4 since last July and its still working perfect!  If you are looking for a smartwatch that plays music, you will be very disappointed.  I've been using a Samsung watch and the Google watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased an iwii for my 16 year old son, he is a big fan of games, movies and tv shows. he is one of the kind of kids who will spend hours playing on an ipod, ipad or iphone. he had a problem with the ipod charging and didn't have a usb port. i bought the ipad because of its size and battery life. he tried the iwiii with the usb cable and it worked with the adapter, but he couldn't get the ipac to charge him. we looked at the manual and found out that the ipadec charge port was missing. he asked the iwi to send the ipacec charging port to us. but they didn't. he then contacted iphonelife.com who sent him the charger to us free of charge. we tried to charge it but it was not working. he decided to return it and we refunded the price of the ipa. it is our fault because we did not send him the adapter in the first place. iwi and ipax need to educate the parents that these devices do not work on ipads, iphones and ipads. i also think it is unfair that you are only getting 1 week of use. we will never use it again. iwidgets needs to put more time and effort into their devices and make them work on all devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for years and still cant seem to use it... ive gotten to the point where i cant use my mac in my car, the only thing i have to do is to turn off the usb to mac by pressing the power button and hold it down for a while.. i dont think this is the fault of this product... i just hope it gets fixed soon or im out of luck, and dont know how long this can go on i would definately buy another from this company..  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, March 11, 2013  This is a great little adapter  by L from Texas USA  Pros: Small size, compact, easy to use.  Cons: Can't find anything negative to say about it.  (other than that it works but it is very finicky and doesn't support all of my USB devices like other ones)  Review: This is a really great little product. The only con I have is that sometimes it doesn't work right and sometimes it just doesn't do anything at all. That's the only bad thing I have to say. I love this little device. I like that it's simple to use, easy on the wallet, and it does what it is supposed to. I would recommend this product to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a year now, and it doesnt work well at all. i bought this device and im so very sorry i bought it. i had to wait a month for it to come in. it started not working even after i cleared the cache of my browser and changed browser settings. i then had to reset the router. the router is a hci. there is no way it should work at all, especially when the price is such a low price. i wish there were something to change this bad product.  Other than that, the box is awesome, it fits perfectly on my iMac, no adapters required. I have one in my office, one in the garage and one in one of my houses. i can plug in the unit and get my tv shows and movies on.  the remote has buttons on the top. its great if you want to use it without an apple remote. the remote also has volume rockers for your tv and radio. there are also buttons on one of the sides of the remote, that gives you the ability to browse the internet, and set the volume. the speakers are not a bad sound quality, but i would have liked them to have better bass.  (Posted on 7/22/2014)  Amazing Product!! This is a perfect product for the price. I'm still waiting to order more. It really came out to be worth the money. /Mike /Boulder /Colorado /USA  (Posted on 6/18/2014  Great Product Review by John Quality Value Price Service It's a great little box for watching TV and movies. I also use it to listen to some music. It's really easy to use and all the functions are easy to find. All in all it works great.  to top that off, it looks amazing. I really like the black one and the white is nice and classy.  "Good Value" is a great product to have. . (Posted to the top on 6 of 6)  a very good product Review by Jody Quality Value Value this is a very nice product for it price. you can plug it in and it will run fine in all tv's. great purchase. (Added on 4/3/2014; Review updated)  in use. good to know that it works with my tv's that have ipc out in order to run. (added on 4 of 3) a very little box Review by
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first digital camera. So many reasons to buy it.   by J.H. on January 31, 2014  Rating: Total score: 72 (average: 7)  Price: Excellent  Camera: Nice, but needs better zoom  Build quality: Good  Usefullness: Nice  Shutter speed: Manual  Weight: Not a heavy camera  Value: Meh  Conclusion: So, after much searching for a digital camera I finally purchased this one. I loved the size of the camera, the size, it fit in my hand. But it's the poor quality of the lens and the poor zoom I really regret. It is a little disappointing to use this camera.  By Anonymous on December 24, 2013  Product: iQIYI 621 iqiyi 621  When I first used this camera i was not impressed. It had a bad zoom and lens and it was really hard to use. Then i got a second one and that changed my mind. The zoom is great and the zoom has the same quality as the first one. The camera works great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this camera as a replacement for my cell phone, the camera had a huge drawback. It was just not as good as my cell camera. I replaced the camera with this one and I'm pleased with the camera, it's really good quality.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought an e-cigarette (eGo style) with a mod from a local vape shop and it worked, but was pretty loud as well as being extremely loud in the bedroom. I tried several other electronic devices over the past few weeks but never got it to work, but a few days ago, I got it working with my mod. The problem is that the sound is not just coming out of the mouthpiece but it is actually a constant high pitched sound, which is very annoying and will cause headaches to some people, especially if they are not used to the sound and have bad hearing, but even those who don't have bad ears have trouble hearing it at the same time. It will also cause others to think that it's a vape but it's not as well designed as it could be. As far as the vapor and flavor is concerned, there isn't that much, but it will be good for a while, but I don't recommend vaping it if you have any other sources of nicotine. It really doesn't hold up to vaping. I got a refund so I hope they fix this!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 06, 2014  Good vape for the price  by Aaron from Fort Worth TX USA  Pros: Cheap, good taste, battery lasts all day  Cons: It heats up quickly  Review: As a newbie I found this e-cig was a little pricey, but good quality, and I liked the ability to vape through my shirt. The only cons I can think of are that the mouth piece is a little flimsy. Otherwise I'd say this is a good quality vape for its price.  My wife uses this on the weekend when we go camping and she loves it.  "  was this review helpful to you?: yes  Comment: I have been using it since day one. I highly recommend this product for new users.  at the end of the day it works for me.  the vapor production was very smooth and i love the mouth pieces because they really hold the vapor, and you don't notice the high temp you get from a cig. it works well on the bike. and I use it for my other needs. thanks vapor king! ,,,  A Good Choice  By Anonymous from San Francisco CA  Overall: Quality: Price: Pet peeve: I bought it over 3 years ago, now it needs
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 months, and the only reason i gave this a three star is because ive run out of power on this and had to go through the trouble of rewiring it to get it to work again.  I love this product but would like to see a slightly larger connector. (9-17-06)  Good for the price. (8-29-06, updated 8/31/06) I was on my way to the doctor for a routine test for a heart test and wanted a simple solution for the charger in my car. I got this as my gift for my girlfriend who wanted to try this. We used it to test both devices at the same time for 3 months and I love it. There are some cons to it such as the size is small and the cable can get tangled up and cut in use. But the size and ease of use is good. I would recommend to anybody looking for a simple charger that can hold up to the daily use. (11/30/06 added 4/1/07) I have been very satisfied with this item. I've had it for a little over a month and its easy to use and it seems to be working just as it was designed to do. It would be nice if the connector would have a bigger connector so I could use one charger for all my devices. (5/1 - 5/8/07 added 3/15/08) I am very happy with this product. It is a good way to carry all of my devices with me for use without having to connect them to the computer. The one issue I had was the battery life when using this charger at a low battery state. I ran it through the full day and didn't make it through until 6:00 pm. I was surprised to see that it was still using more than 5 volts to charge. Other than that its working fine. (7/8 - 7/12/08 added 6/20/09) This was my second purchase of this item and I must say I am in love with it. The only problem I had is my charger didn't work when I plugged it into the computer so I had to use a power brick to charge it. Overall, the product is great and I will buy it again and again. (12/23/09 added 11/30.2010) This product has worked well for me and I wish I had ordered one sooner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had several of these so far. They fail very fast, i get a new one and they are the exact same as the first one.  I've had an iMac for 3 yrs. and a MacBook Air for 6. This is the worst iMac i've ever had to purchase or service. The first thing i did after installing OSX was update the firmware on all devices. Now i cant get it to work at all. It gets to a point where i've got to go back to my old MacBook Air. My iMac was 2 years old at the time i was getting this.  a friend told me to buy a MacBook to replace this iMac, but the problem continues to be the same. I will probably just buy a new iMac and stick with that. .    Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 13, 2012  good replacement for the defective one  by G from Fort Worth TX USA  Pros: Good value  Cons: None  Review: This is a replacement for an iBook that was defective, I bought this one to replace an iBox that failed on me. It worked well for a month until my computer died and I found out my warranty was going to end after the first year. This one is a decent value for the price, works great and it is light weight. 's review of the KEF XB650-M:   Was this Review helpful to you like it?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a hd mp3 player since 2009 and the buttons work but it always seems to have the same problem with the battery that the light goes out when you turn it on. i have to keep it on and then it will turn itself off and the screen wont show up. i think the problem is that the batteries have a weak battery life because they do not last for more than a few hours. i wish the hd ipod was not so cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is really a waste of money. I bought this so I could play my Xbox One and it works great until my laptop is at least 1m away from it or the screen gets blurry and it turns on and off on it's own. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got this for my 12 year old daughter as a birthday gift. It was easy to set up and I think it did the job. However, the buttons do not work in any way. It is very hard to click them. So she could not get her email account set up. I had to find a way to make it work and it did not work. The device is very heavy and the plastic does not like to have an edge that you rub against. So it is very expensive for the price. Very disappointed. I would not recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A: You got a bad one with an error that requires an update that requires $99 to fix it and you still can't send a picture or sound.   B: It took over a week to respond to me and I finally just had to give it up.   the thing has no volume controls and I can't change it.   I was getting the feeling that I was being "tricked" in some way or other. I was able to take it apart and it was a piece of junk.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this one for 6 months, ive never had any issues with it, no problems with the speakers, no issues with the microphone, and no issues of any kind with the screen, however my phone was cracked on the bottom and i needed to replace it with a new one, however there was a small crack on the screen. it took 2 weeks to replace the phone with a better one, my experience with the device is great so far, but i just wanted to add that it took so long because it was a big one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I received my LG TV. It is beautiful. But I had to return it after one week because of a serious malfunction. It would randomly stop working even if I had it on in low power mode and I have to turn it on and off a few times. I had just purchased it to have a DVD player in my den and now I cant use it. The customer service department in this store told me it was because I never followed the instructions on how to make a new cable connection and that is why my TV stopped working. I was really upset because I bought this TV because of its excellent picture quality. The problem is I just purchased an expensive TV and it is the only TV I own and that's why I can't use it because it does not have a working cable connection.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jen from not happy with product. I have three of these. Two of them are defective, and the other one stopped working after about a month of regular use. They are very heavy. I bought two at the same time and they worked fine before I noticed one was a defective. After I sent it back to LG, I received another one that did not work at all and was damaged in shipping. After that, I ordered three at the cheapest price I could find and all are working fine. I would NOT recommend purchasing this TV unless you have the best quality control system available.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* My first attempt to connect the "Smart Home" device to my PC. My first attempts at any connection with this device were as painful as trying to put together a boat with a chain saw (which I learned after 2 tries). I think this device has a lot to learn but the learning curve is not steep. It takes me 5 minutes to get the device to connect to my computer. If your device works well for you I can not help you get a longer cable or longer product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nokon from Great device for controlling my Philips Hue lightbulb. Easy to set up and easy to use. We have both a Philips Hue and the SmartThings app and it is an awesome system to use our lights with. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not durable. I have lost my batteries twice. I recommend the Sennheiser headset or the TATRA headphones. The battery life is good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been wanting to get this for a long time and i cant get it. It doesnt seem to be working at all.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Cwend from Great tool for the job! The Philips is an excellent tool for what I need it to do. It's small and light weight. When I need to cut metal it's quick and easy. My wife has a sony and she loves this tool too, its compact size and light-weight is very handy. I'm a professional metal worker and love my little Philips. ....  I don't need to say much about it but I really enjoy using this tool. It fits right in my pocket and is a very good tool for all the various cutting tasks I have been putting to use.  and it is just as small as the sony sce  .  the sce is good, but the Philips is much better because of the weight and size.  is a great tool and if the price can be lowered a little bit it will be great for a lot of people.  to the reviewer above, I'm glad it's cheaper. You are correct it's smaller than the sone. I have a Sony and it's not so good. The sce was a little heavy for my hands, and the Philips was a tiny bit too thin. It also took me longer to cut a piece of steel than it did to use the sine wave, but I was able to make much more progress in my job. I am planning on buying a new sone for home use. Maybe I can get my sone back, as I didn't want the ssonics in my home. Thanks for your comments.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I recently bought the Apple Watch Sport, because it was $169 cheaper than an iPhone X.   First, I wish I had bought a Pebble.  Second, the thing is incredibly flimsy and has a problem with the charging connector falling off all the time.  Third, it's really hard to tell what time it is, because the analog display keeps changing.  Fourth, it doesn't really work properly -- the GPS works well, and some features, like the sleep timer, but the digital clock doesn't seem to work either.  Fifth, I'm very disappointed in this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The sound is ok, but you can hear a buzzing noise at high volume, and there is a problem with the battery. I could play some music (e.g. from my iPod), but I can't play many games, especially when I've got the battery low.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 14, 2013  good service but not good sound quality  by Joseph from South Bend IL USA  Pros: Works well  Cons: Loud volume  Review: I was in a hurry to get to the store, and the salesman said I could have the battery changed for $1.00. I was reluctant to do it because I had just bought a new iPhone and needed to charge the new battery. However, I did so and found out how easy it was to change the battery and how fast it was. The price was great. I have had many Apple products over the years, and this is the first one that has not had a problem. The quality is good for the price.  as long as your not playing loud or having a lot of volume, the volume is fine  Also, if you are upgrading the batteries, the instructions say to check the battery before you turn it on so that the new batteries do not overheat and short out the old ones.  is there anything that can be done to make the battery last longer?  I would have to say that I have a bad apple iphone. I haven't replaced it, I just get used to the sound now.  are there any other models that have issues with the batteries? I'm new to this site. /Joseph  was this review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an absolute must have for my life if I wanted a wireless headphone. I have a very expensive pair of Bose QC 35's which don't have wireless and for me it is a must have, this is what I use for everything. The sound is so much better with this. I listen to my wife and her friends for hours. Also with this the music is very clear and sounds like it came out of the speakers. Also the volume is excellent. It is worth every penny, the price is unbeatable. It also has an equalizer so if you need some other sound, you can turn the equalizer to some other settings. The wireless quality is so good and it is so easy to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the i3 for a month and it's absolutely terrible i have 2 other electronic devices (1 german-mobile and 1 ipad) that were as good as this one. i can't even think of the times that i've had a problem with it. ive dropped it over 50 times but it always works. i cant explain it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had bought this to go along with my MacBook and it doesn't work with that device.   That is what I wanted from this phone. I have a Sony X100s and a Samsung S8+.   It's not like my S8+ has any trouble with this phone but the S8 does.  , May 12, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the iphone for 3 years and I can only compare it to a computer. its not very nice to work with, slow to boot up, and its hard to use with a mobile phone. there was a time when it was very slow. I had a friend who was using it for some video work and was having a hard time getting it to work at all. I thought that this phone would be perfect for him as a video camera and he has been using it on and off since i bought it. i tried to take pictures with it on with the flash turned on and it would freeze. I finally sent it back but if this phone wasnt so old i would of given it a 5.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this product in December 2016, and it broke within 5 days. My wife got it for Christmas, and within 10 days, it had broken and my daughter had to buy an i-pad.  It's a great product, and a great price, but if it lasts for that long, it should last longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "I've had this  for about 3 days. It is so loud that my husband won't use the TV with it. It also sounds like a car stereo."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this is the worst!!! it is not worth the money to even buy it!!! I thought it would have worked but it only worked one time after 5 tries
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first one broke after two years of use. I'm pretty sure I paid over $1000 for it, and after two more years of trying to break it, I had to buy another one and buy new cables to get it working. The second one broke even more, I broke it to get the first one working and after replacing a few parts, I couldn't get it to work.  After that, I just sold it off. I would recommend this product to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "I just received a very old style (3 year old) keyboard for my dad's Commodore 64 computer. He had bought the unit for me when I was a kid. I've had the same keyboard for over 20 years and the keyboard is terrible! If it weren't for the floppy drive, this computer would not even be playable. There are just a few things wrong with this unit. First of all, the key spacing is the wrong size. The keys on this keyboard are way too close together. The letters on the keys on my computer are all the same size and it is very hard to read the letters. Second, the sound of this keyboard is atrocious. There is no sound at all when I am typing or clicking on the key. Third, and this is the worst part, there is no reset button on this unit! I have to take the unit apart and reset it several times a day. I will never buy another keyboard that is not a new-style unit. Very disapointing. "
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery for the moto g4s lasted the entire day on high and a single charge. The wireless was very slow but I was using it in my car so it was not like I was running in the mountains. The screen went from bright to dark pretty quickly so there may be a problem with that part of the phone. The phone is definitely fun to play with but I am going to try a different phone in the future.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my xbox for about 4 years and i have been very happy with it until this morning, i woke up to a loud thumping noise and found out my harddrive was getting very hot. I tried to change it but i ended up changing the harddrive in the box. the only problem is that i have to put it in the microwave with the power switch on to get it warm and this caused an explosion and destroyed my xBOX, im so upset and angry i cant find a replacement because of this. this is the second one that has failed. I am going to have to wait for Microsoft to make a new one and when that comes i am going back to my old one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I recently purchased a new tablet from this company and found out that it has a bug in it and when you plug it in it won't get power. I called the company to get the refund for the defective device and the tech support person told me that they don't refund you for a faulty device, they will only refund you if the issue is in the tablet or in the electronics themselves. He said he can't fix the device, but he can replace it with the same model but for free. I really had a bad experience with this company, I'm very disappointed that this company doesn't take their customer's complaints seriously and offer a refund if the item is inoperable.  Good for the price: _______ This is my 2nd review and I'd like to add that I've had the tablet for about 2 weeks now and haven't had a single problem with it and this is only a 2nd gen model so this is no surprise. I use it for watching videos with the audio and video quality is good. Also for the money, it's pretty good.  and here are some good reviews:  Pros:  and the price  Cons:  that bug  i'd rate this 9/10  ______________  7/10
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these things in the past and the sound from them on my turntable was pretty bad. it's not bad on a CD player but theres not a whole lot of "stereo" to get from it and they have some really bad clicks/static at any volume. also the "sounds" from the device were just plain bad, i mean the worst kind of loud/unintelligible crackle/ping. when theres no good way to turn it down, and you need a ton of volume just to make it work....get another one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by NikiD from I like it. I am so glad that I finally got this item. I like the controls and buttons and can turn my turquette on and off with my iPhone. I just wish I had the control panel so I could set the speed. I can do that in the control system on my computer. I will use this for my DJ sets.  of 5 people found this review helpful. , April 14, 2010  good basic turntables, but cheap for the type of music these are for  Reviewer: ry from LA, April 9, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device should not be used for anything except a watch! The battery charge drains very quickly.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* My iGadget2 has crashed a few times but i can fix it! The problem is that the batteries that the phone came with are very bad. They have a lot of leakage and they get old fast. But i can find a replacement battery at the store and now its very good!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 03, 2011  Great  by David from El Segundo CA USA  Pros: Works well, easy to use, simple instructions  Cons: The camera is a bit sensitive  Review: The iGADGET2 works great. I have a problem with the battery on the camera. It won't turn on in an emergency. So far I have been able to find a brand new battery for about $10, but it will take 3-5 more days for it to come in. But I don't have a need for it right now because I have my cell phone for emergencies.  I was worried about buying a backup camera and I have to say this iG ADGET2 is great for what it is. It's easy to connect to your car battery and the images are crystal clear and bright. The only thing I would like to see is an additional button for resetting the camera for when you get a new battery or it's in the middle of the night and you don't want to lose your shots. But otherwise it is a great camera for the price. /David  Good purchase! , from John from Los Angeles CA USA, Mar 29, 2009  The iGADD is a small, easy-to-use camera. Good price, excellent results. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a new e-cigarette, and it was the first one I've ever owned. I decided to try this one, and I'm disappointed to say I didn't like it at all. It's just too large and doesn't feel as solid as the other models. It feels flimsy, and as if it'll break apart anytime. The battery life is terrible. I've only had it 2 days, but I can't even get 5 minutes of use out of it. It also seems to get very hot very quickly, even when vaping on the lowest setting. Also, the draw is very harsh. The flavor is okay, and the cloud is pretty big. I just don't like the overall feel of this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've owned this product for a couple of months now. The first time I plugged it in to charge, it didn't even turn on at all. It wasn't even charging. I had to plug it in again the next day after the batteries were charged, and it worked. I think I bought a defective unit. I'll probably return this product and the batteries in it. I don't like that the screen is so small. It takes up too much room.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the touch screen is a little sensitive, but the button is good. I just wanted to use this and it turned out to be a big pain, not a good device at all! The only thing I would improve is if the screen was brighter. I don't want to do any more reviews, but I just got this thing today, and I have nothing negative to say about it. I am going to give it 4 stars, because for a new device, it is very good for what I want.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really liked the remote, but the buttons for switching songs were all different sizes and the buttons that did anything were made out of hard plastic.  I don't know why they did that since the buttons on my phone were also hard plastic, but that's how it is.  If they would have changed the buttons I would have been just fine.   The remote does nothing on my iphone (iPod touch) so I would recommend that everyone get a iphono  remote (like the one in my car, the other one I use on my iPod) and stick with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I wanted a portable headphone for my iPod, but it had only 2 hours of battery power, so I went for a different solution. The headphones I got are ok. They have low volume, but the sound is clear, I think. The headphone cables are good and easy to connect. But the quality of the sound I'm getting isn't good enough. But this isn't a big problem. I will get the sound quality of a much better headphone, but for now I'm satisfied with these.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: wanweiaudio
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is junk   The battery lasts very very very little time. The only way to get the battery to last is to get very deep into an activity then plug it in.    Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 11, 2015  Works and looks good  by A Customer from Elkhart IL USA  Pros: Small, good quality  Cons: Price  Review: The battery works and looks nice. I have the black one. I'm using it as a backup to charge my iPhone 7. I've only used it a few times so far but I like the idea of having the battery backup. This one works with my Apple AirPods.  I like it!  was this review helpful to you?: Yes No Thursday, October 24, 2014  Love it  By Robert B from Lake Forest, CA USA  a  Complements: I have it for work with my iPad Air 2 and it works great. : A little loud on high volume. , November 2, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! THIS COMPUTER WAS A BLAST!!!!!!!!! IT JUST WORKS!!!! I have a Mac Pro. The best i have ever used. I would not buy another pc for as long as i can. I will recommend this to my friends that are trying to make a big purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this a few years ago, had the phone for about three weeks and then the battery died. It was not a very long battery life. Review for the price -  The product is perfect for the money! You will have to pay more for a similar product, but you will also have a better product. I was happy to get a great price, a few days after buying it and now having to return it, i get the sense of an item that is not that great. I am happy to have purchased it but not sure i will purchase another product like that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a pico for a long time and i loved it, however after the 4th time i took it out and it had a light shorting and when i tried it i found i cant play the pc games on it, this is the only problem i've had with this item, it was a no brainer to buy but my $10 was a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 5 months. ive put it on every phone i have and it works just fine but ive found that there are a couple of bugs and theres also a glitch in the menu.  the one i have has a usb port on the side of it not the back side.  there is also a problem with the wifi that seems to be there sometimes it will say it is not available.  this wasnt a real problem at first but after about a week  cant get it to work on my iphone or my laptop.  i have had this unit for a few weeks so maybe my issue will be solved.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Nachum from Good buy if you dont need the extra screen I don't use my ivie pro 3 as much as I use my iPad mini and I was hoping that the 4 inch screen would be more than a little useful. It has a really nice picture. The battery is a little small but it doesn't take much to run the device, and the 4k resolution makes it look much better than the 3.5 inch screen on my iPad. My main complaint with the iview pro 4 is that it doesn,t come with the stylus. It would have been nice to be able to use it with the iPad.  for the price, its a great device. if you use it regularly the only problem I have is the touchscreen does not track notes. you can't touch the screen if you have the styluses attached  From: BH  Sent: Tuesday, February 08, 2015 5:44 AM  To: Michael  Subject: Re: iPad Pro - Great buy! I'm not the most tech savvy person, so I can't speak to the bugs, but I have to say that I love this tablet. I can do some things like take photos and use the touch screen, but the biggest reason I've kept it is the camera. The image quality is excellent, it is fast enough to take a decent photo, and it can even record video. I've used the iPad Pro at home with my xtra 4k tv for a week now and the picture quality on the 4K tv is very good, better than a lot of cameras. I am now looking at buying a 4k camera. I had one once, but it was pretty crappy, and I can see why now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a good sound recorder, but for the price, you expect more. You pay about $500 for it, and if it was worth the $250-400, that would have been great.  It's a bad sound recorder for the money.  The sound quality is ok, but the camera doesn't work all that well.         The sound quality:   For the money, it's a very good sound recordist. I like the built in mic and microphone clips. I also like the way you can change the recording mode from mics to microphones. The way you store the recording is good. You can use the external microphone to record from the device as well. The mic has a good presence when you hear it. The sound is clean and clear. I use this for personal and family audio. I haven't found a better sounding recorder on the market. The only downside is the camera. The audio is very very bad. I have had it about a month and it still can't record an external microphone. It does work very well with headphones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The screen was awful and I would never want to use it in any way or for any length of time. After I sent it back I bought the 2nd version from another user but it is so much better.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 07, 2010  Works as advertised  by Robert from Waukesha, WI USA  Pros: Small, Compact and well balanced for travel  Cons: None  Review: It's a good device, no issues. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "The cable is bad and the unit works poorly. "   I just got this last week. It was shipped very fast and i had a great experience with the company but its just not a good unit. Its very noisy and slow. I just got it today and i am having problems connecting to my new laptop. i have to manually move it from one slot to another. I have had it since last Monday and i have had to wait about 15 mins just to get it working. This is a great unit it works great, but if it is to bad for you it can get to expensive to fix. If you have this problem or have been using it for a while you should not buy this thing.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i just ordered this item and it didn't work at all!   it was very cheap, but it just does not work.   the button is not pushable at all.   Did you find this helpful? 7 of 10 Found Helpful  JOE CANDELLI  9/27/2013  4 Helpful / 2 Not  Pros: I had an old one and replaced it with this one.  Cons: None  Overall: Very good price,good service,good battery and all.  the best battery that can replace a dead battery  Was this review helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a pretty good product. I have two of these in my living room. It is not very loud, but it is pretty loud. It does not take up much space, so if you want to have it in a place you cannot keep something else it works perfectly. I bought two of them for my son and his son. The only thing I do not like about this product is the batteries that come with it. I purchased two AA's so I could power up my iPod Touch. I used the batteries for about 10 hours and the batteries were starting to really run down. I replaced them with two AAA's. I will be going back to my old batteries soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   the old laptop I have with a screen broke on the day that I upgraded to the new ones. I have used both the original and the latest model. The original is a great computer, but I was really disappointed to hear of this newest model having some of the same problems with the screen. It just goes to show how well this company puts out such high quality gear.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     This is a terrible design. It is cheap and very easy to break. When i bought it my wife tried to put a CD into it but it wouldn't play. After all the hype this device has been a disaster. It has a poor sound quality, the battery life is about one hour and the device will drain out if you just plug it in and turn it on. I would never recommend this device.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only thing that gets my panties in a twist is my iPhone 4S that has been in my pocket for 5 months and still works. The phone is perfect but not for this application, but at least for this particular application the phone is a must have.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this item for 2 months now, and I'm still finding bugs, and even though there are software updates, it's still buggy.   It's a very expensive piece of kit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for an iphone charger for almost 2 months and i finally found this device. i love the way it looks and it charges my iphones fast and efficiently. the best part is that it isnt expensive, and is the easiest way to charge my ips!i also use it on my laptop and it is amazing that it charges there as well.i do not have a charger for my mp3 player yet but i might buy one eventually. i hope the quality and cost is comparable to ips charger.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Nick  4 / 5  Reviewed by:from Minnesota. on 12/14/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year now, its great in the sense that it has a high capacity and is a great backup phone, however it was the only phone that i could get with a working battery last month and i replaced it with a gizmo from the dollar store (which has a much lower capacity but is a little more durable) but now i need a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device is a piece of junk, with the exception of the wireless capabilities. If I could give it 1 star, it would be a 5 star. It's so poorly designed, the connection is so hard to get, even after I did try a number of different methods.  Pros: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now and its so slow! i bought it thinking it was a high end model because of the features it had. after the first day its slow and you can't even turn it on! its horrible! i just wanted to get my money back i think. i hope it gets better!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    They are a very poor value for money, and don't even work at all. The problem is the USB port is so close to the power supply it will often short out the power if the battery is connected to it (which happens to me very often, as I run a lot of older machines). The monitor is also very poor - some monitors work better than this, but this one seems to have been left out in the cold.  by Michael on September 11, 2018 byon September 11,, 2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the lollipop 2 since it came out in september. its a pretty cool device for its price range. the only problem is its awful battery life, and its so difficult to change it in the settings. i've had a lot of battery problems, usually i'll replace it right away. i bought the lollyball and lollipops from ikea on a whim, i just bought it cause i got a free shipping credit for a lollypop, and i was interested in having a bluetooth speaker. i read the reviews on the lp2 and knew i wanted it and had it before my birthday. i used it for a few weeks and wasnt too happy with it. then the lpd2 came out, and the lpa2. when they came out i knew i would like them. i love them but cant change the settings, and always have to change the batteries. ive lost at least 100 bucks on them. the llp2 is great, and is worth the extra money, but i didnt want it to be that hard to change out the batteries, and it is. the battery life on the llp2 is terrible. i use mine all day everyday. its like a big fat paper clip that holds batteries in the back. i hate that thing! the lppd2 is good for the price. it works, but there is a small bit of lag. the bluetooth does work, but is slow. i dont know why it doesnt work like its supposed to. i know its a speaker, but a blu port and a blu dongle would be a dream. i was hoping i would get a blu chip, but ive seen this device with only a blu module that wasnt able to charge the lps2 at all. i think ive found the perfect fit for the lola lpp2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over 3 months, and it works very well. but if you do decide to invest in something that doesnt have wireless connectivity, keep in mind that it doesnt come with any usb power, so i would suggest that you buy it with a usb hub. this will allow you to connect all your usb devices together. i would recommend it if you are looking for an all in one device, just remember that it is an older product. i give it 3 stars, because if it would come with a decent usb hub, it would be 5 stars  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from No wireless adapter. Very bad design. No wireless adapters are included. You need to purchase a new wireless adapter for it to work. The problem is, this device has only two USB ports, which don't have an adapter. This makes no sense.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is just a dud for the most part, the mic always stops working or is hard to get to.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: kennysmith
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The device I purchased in 2012 is now almost a year old and has stopped working. The sound quality is ok, but the remote for the phone and TV does not work. I have been told it is a bad switch or the plastic is defective but there is nothing i can do about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was not meant to be a high quality digital projector. It was made by one guy who has a passion for cheap, cheaply made products. He should have just gone for the higher end ones and not given a poor customer an inferior product.  You get what you pay for:   There is no way in hell you would spend this much money on a high-end, top-of-the-line projector.  It's not that it's not good, it's just a little cheap.   It would cost $1000, if it wasn't so bad.  The only thing that saved the projector from being a complete failure is the price, but that's not worth the effort, especially when the image quality is so terrible, and the picture is so bright.  This was a bad purchase. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the worst electronic device I've ever had, never again.   I'm very sad about it.  I bought it to use in the studio at home, and that has never worked.  It's so noisy that I can't even tell if it's working!   It works perfectly for email, but I have to send everything by email.   What we think about this Philips CD Players:  Well I got the model E6, and it is very good.  There is something that doesn't work as you would expect.  One CD is played and then all the other CDs are stopped, and then start up again. This happens every time that I turn off and on the player. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had two of these i think i gave up on them a while ago because they would only hold about 50-60 minutes at the highest of speeds. ive tried different chargers and batteries and no matter what you charge the battery with you get 2 to 4 hours more use from a given battery. if you have any idea how long it takes to charge the batteries they are about the same size as my other iphones. it seems to be an issue when you have a lot of phone on the go for 2 weeks (at least) and you get them to last longer. im glad i got the samsung galaxy note 2 ive been using it for about a month ive never had a problem with it but i can see why they would not do that if they had more models of the phone. havent been a true iphone user for a while and am glad to be back to this thing.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound from the headphone is not great. When you get a good headphone, you don't have to crank them up. They're also difficult to use if you have a hard time focusing and getting them to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since like a week ago i cant find it anywhere on the internet or anywhere online it seems they have changed out parts of it and it works fine it's pretty hard to turn off the screen to change music etc because the power button is on the side of the keyboard and has no space to just push it off like other keyboards do. this keyboard is very expensive for what it is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This monitor came with a power cord. The power cord was not pluggable to the power supply. I contacted Apple to return this product. They responded saying they will take care of the return and send me a new one. They said the new monitor will be in the mail within 10 days. My monitor arrived 10 days after I contacted them, and there was NO power cord in the box, no box, and no cable to plug into the monitor. So there you have it...  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great display, cheap price This is a very good display. For the price it is not bad. It is a good price. I am also using it to watch videos on Youtube. It's bright, the color quality is great. I use it with a 10 inch MacBook Pro which is a touch screen, and the monitor is perfect. I have not experienced any problems with the software.  Product tested - excellent color, but with slight blue tinge at 100% brightness, and noticeable blue tint at 100%, although not nearly as bad as that of the ASUS VG248QE monitor. It doesn't matter though because it is pretty much perfect in color and contrast for gaming. The IPS panel is very bright and sharp. Very good color.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product needs to be re-designed because it's simply a cheap knock off of a much more expensive product. The quality of the product does not meet any of the claims made and the unit doesn't really come with a user manual.  I really hope that they re-design this product because I'm really not impressed by the quality and design. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is not my first time to have bought a defective item from here. They are notorious for this and have not been of any help in resolving the problem. The only thing that has solved the problem so far is replacing the faulty unit. This is not a good customer service company at all.  Write a positive review about this electronic device!  I have been a fan of this electronic gadget for a very long time. So much so that I am sure I have spent more money than I should on various electronic gadgets. I have the first one that came out in 1997. I just bought this new model with a couple of other goodies and can tell you that this is a nice, durable gadget, that is not too loud and does exactly what it was supposed to do. It also has a small memory that makes it very handy for small things when you have some spare time in the evening and it can be used to store the details of anything from a particular movie or a book to a concert. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love the sound of my headphones, but I have the same issue I have with my old headphones: if you turn the volume up a lot it turns into a noise-emitting speaker (which sounds like a siren).   The bass is great!   It just won't turn on or off when I put my phone in the phone holder, just like my old pair.   No way that this is a cheap knockoff!   on the other hand, the plastic casing that goes around the base of the headphones is nice, and they are cheap. I like the blue one better though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have two of these things now (and still have the previous version) They are not working at all, i have them hooked up to a tv, and the only way i can view it is by using a usb dvd player that can be attached to the rear of the device. I've tried all the other things suggested here and they still won't work. So I have to replace this thing with another one that works and I'm afraid of having to replace all my other cheap electronic devices now because of this bad device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first i wanted was to replace my iphone 4s (5s) with a iphonetet phone, but I didn't like the sound of the original one. The phone with the original speaker had poor sound, but it had a good battery life. The iphonet phone has a lousy battery life, with the battery dying in a day or two. The speaker is very weak. The touch screen is also a problem. I tried the iPhone 4s and iPad 3g and they all have the same problem. But if you buy this iphono phone you have to buy a new one every few months, or buy one that is not good. I paid about $40 for it, which I can save in a few months if I go back to the iphonelp one and it has more storage and a better screen. I also use my phone as a media player and to play my movies. I wish it had 3G, the ive tried 3g.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- On the plus side, this thing is a great deal. The only downside is that, for the price, you would expect a really good product, like the EON13 or the eTeknix. There's no reason to spend $40 on a unit, only to get a box that doesn't really work. I mean, it's a USB 2.0 hub, not a portable audio player. I was looking forward to using it for streaming media but after the last week or so, I'm having a hard time listening to music because the device isn't working reliably.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first electronic device and it was a big disappointment. First of all, the quality of the wires was terrible. They were too tight to get into any sockets and the battery had a weak battery. Second, the connection between the screen and the device was terrible because the wires were so tight. I've been reading all sorts of bad reviews online and was just too excited because it looked so cool, when I realized what I was getting into. The design wasn't very good either and it's really hard to switch the screen on and off because it would catch fire and it would keep on catching fire every time I turned it on. It was a waste of money, no doubt about it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best TV of 2017 so far! Very bright, beautiful picture, good sound, and easy to set up and use!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this device for about 3 months now and the battery is at about 2.7-3 months but theres still a small amount of battery in the device that i dont use it on its pretty useless its the same as my old phone when it gets low on battery
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it a few times to connect my ipod to my pc for streaming music and it seems to be of decent quality, however the problem is that it has a weird delay when it is playing some songs and the sound quality is poor. when i change it in settings it stops, i have to unplug it to connect again.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- 1. The USB port is very bad.  The cable connector is not metal and the connectors are not well insulated.  When you try to charge, the cables will get stuck in the port and you will not be able to get the charger to work.  The charger is not compatible with anything but USB cable so you have to buy a USB to microUSB converter and that may not work at all.  2. The speakers are very bad; i couldn't understand the instructions for using the speakers.  3. The microphone is not very good; i could not use it for a phone call.  4. The battery lasts for less than an hour. 5. It takes 10-15 minutes for the battery to charge and it needs to be plugged in before it starts charging.  6. The screen on my laptop is only okay.    The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the USB port. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had this as a gift for my boyfriend. He's a musician and his only other device has been a digital piano. This thing has not been good at all. When I set up the keyboard he would always end up with some awful key sounds. In addition it had lots of latency and latency was a major factor with him, he has an acoustic piano so he would not be able to play. There were also no touch points to click the keys. We were able to do some basic recording and then the sound stopped working. In order to get it to work again we had to send it back. I sent it back for an exchange and this time I found out that this thing had been used and it was defective. When it came in the mail it had a small scratch on it and no one had repaired it at all so that's why the scratch was there. I would not buy another of these.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The item came as advertised. However the remote that was supplied worked fine with the Samsung TV. The buttons for the channel and volume are the buttons for my TV. When I switched to my Samsung tv the buttons were the buttons of my Samsung TV and I had to take off the remote to change channels. I have a Samsung 55" LED TV and the buttons on the remote worked fine. The only reason I gave it a 1 star is because the remote has a very small power on button (much smaller than the power on light). It only has about 5 lights.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 28, 2011  by Daniel from Dallas TX USA  Review: This is a great remote for the price. The cable box is nice too, but for the money this remote is awesome.  is is also the cable box itself has a nice touch and the remote itself is nice, although the power button is too small for a big power brick.  for the remote the buttons work, but the on button is in the way and does not provide a convenient way to turn the remote off.  the cable cord is good, but it would be nice if it wasn't so short, also the buttons are a bit small, and the touchpad can be too small in some situations. Overall this is a really good item, and would be perfect for the budget set up.  (Posted on 5/18/2011)  Great!  By Tammie from Las Vegas NV USA .  an excellent remote for its price  (Posted on 12/21/2010)  that remote is amazing, it's sooo much better than the one in the box  was very pleased with my purchase, would buy again  -Robert  My remote came in a 3d box, with a nice box and plastic. Very nice. . When it arrived, it was as I expected it to be - the box looked great. the remote, when put in the case, was in good condition. I am sure it will look better after a long time.    (Review was collected as part of a promotion.)  Customer Ratings and Reviews | Add a Review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - Not all USB ports work for charging  - No GPS  I bought it on a whim when I got a chance to trade it in with an old phone. I was very excited for it, because it did not look like that many of the other devices I have. I have a number of tablets, laptop, and phones. All of them have worked flawlessly. It is fast and easy to use. The GPS is ok, but not for a smart phone. It gives a distance and speed estimate, but the battery does not last long enough for those kinds of calculations. I got my tablet off of eBay and it had a GPS and other features for a little less money, so I thought I was getting something better. I had a couple of problems though. The first one was that the USB ports in the device are on the bottom. The port on the device itself that will work for most USB devices works well. But the second problem I had with the GPS was that I used it for the same thing my tablet does. I use the GPS to track my dog. He gets away from me a lot, and I want to know where he is. So I just take the GPS out, and the tablet is pretty close to the dog, so all I really use it for is the GPS. It also is not easy to attach the GPS if it is on the back. The other problems that I had were with the screen. I did not have any problems using the GPS on the iPad. The screen worked very well. The iPad only has 1 USB port and I do not have a lot of accessories with a lot more USB ports. So, my iPad and my GPS worked well together. The problem is, the GPS for the device has no GPS receiver. The data is sent to the GPS itself and can be received by any device. If you are using a tablet, there is no problem with connecting it to the device and using it to track the dog. If I were using the device to track an iPhone or a laptop, I would have been able to connect that to it and use it that way. I could use the iPad to send me alerts if I had run out of battery or if it got into trouble. I would not have had to do anything else. I used the iPad as my GPS, and it worked very good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had an Epson printer for over 20 years.  The most recent one I have had, it is not reliable, has very poor quality printing, and is difficult to set up.  I'm going to throw the printer out, and I'll probably buy one of these instead.  Read full review From:  This is a very good printer.  It has excellent build quality, has great quality and is very well built.  The ink capacity is huge, with the ink tray not being quite as good as my other printers.    My only concern is the weight of the printer, it's not as light or as comfortable to print on as my previous printers.   Read Full Review From :  One of the most accurate printers I've owned. The build quality is excellent and the scanner was simple to set-up and use.  There are not many printers with a built-in scanner.  All in all, it really is a great printer. I do think it is a bit too expensive for most users.  For those who need a high quality printer, I think this is a really great machine.  If you're looking for a printer for the price, then I'd recommend the Epson RS-922W.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am currently using the Mp3 Player from the iPod/iTunes and when i first got it i was impressed with it and loved that it was a compact device for traveling that would fit in the pocket without loosing battery life and it was pretty cheap at $49. But the battery life after 7+ hrs is horrible. I could not use it for more than 2 hours before the battery dies. And if i had to go to a restaurant and the device is turned on in the kitchen, i have to charge it at work. I have tried the usb cord with my phone for the last 2 years to no avail, but there was no solution for it. So now i have been purchasing an mp3 player that lasts about an hour longer. This may be due to the fact that I have not turned it on in my kitchen or I should be putting more time on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this device is really bad.  It doesn't do anything that you didn't have with the old one.    When I put it on the floor and turned it on it started up but I had to wait a minute to see the on screen screen of what's going on and then the screen was blank, no sound.    I have never had a bad signal from an iPad so i think they made this one up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********  I was hoping that with all the great reviews I could use it on my Samsung Galaxy S III and have it work well. Unfortunately I couldn't get it to work and it did not work with my Nexus 4. After using it for a while and not being able to get it working I tried to use it with my old Motorola RAZR phone. No luck. I then thought that maybe it was a bad battery. No. It works GREAT with my S3 but my RAZr won't hold a charge and it won't even come on. So now I'm going to stick to my Nexus 6P.  Other than that, I love this device and would love to hear any feedback you may have about it. I will keep you updated as I find out what other problems I may have with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried a few other samsung phones in the last 4 years, and have always had to replace them at some point due to bad batteries, the samsung galaxy tab pro 7, the galaxy tab s, and now the s5. all have had the same problem. a few months ago i tried a samsung s4 pro, and i was able to get a good night's sleep, but now i have no way to tell if my device is actually on or if it is just on standby. i guess i will keep on using the s4, but in a heartbeat i will be swapping it out for something else.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Not a bad device, but it needs a new screen. The back button sometimes does not work, and it also has the problem with it being constantly moving back and forth across the screen.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the new ipod since its release but ive been without it since it lost its battery after 6 months of use. i have tried all kinds of ways to get it to turn on but it is still dead. i even sent it to apple for repair but their response was they would need to send it back. i tried calling apple but ik it has been more than 10 hours since i've tried to call. ive tried searching the internet but ill give up. i'm trying to replace my ipod with the new one but it seems they dont even want to let me try to get my money back.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst piece of crap to have on your computer.!!! I lost $1000.00 in the first 24 hours after it was broken.!!!!!!!! The screen does not work.!!!!!!!!!!!! After a few days of trying to work it I am back at the store to get a new one for $600.00.  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Rated 1 out of 5 by Steve from Bought for my mother's desk top and has been lost. Bought for mom's desk... Bought for mah desk top (no longer works) and hasbeen lost.  The only reason I'm rating 1, rather than 5 stars is because I purchased one of these for my home office. It's a nice device with great sound and a good touch screen. I purchased the $99.00 model as my "first" wireless keyboard. I loved the keyboard; it was easy to type on and was just as fast and smooth as a mechanical keyboard. However, I have recently found that the touch pad was making typing on the keyboard almost impossible. I could type at about 5 wpm and still miss some of the letters. The touch pad would sometimes change colors or become unresponsive. The device also had a tendency to lose the mouse pointer when I was using it, and the touchpad became unresponsive when I used it as a mouse. The last two times I have been at my computer, the touch screen has failed completely. I have called several different companies to report these failures and have been unable to have any resolution from anyone. The price of the device alone will be hard to justify for the lack of a reliable touch screen and mouse. I know that many of my reviews on this site are from people who have had a similar problem, but for this one, I won't be going to the local store to return it. , if you want the best of both worlds (a mechanical and wireless keyboard), then these are the perfect choices. For the cost you can't really beat this product. I would not buy another one until I am confident it will not fail in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone since 2008 but now it's dead and i dont have the money to replace it!   If you can afford this phone go for it. It's an amazing device, better than the android phones.   But if you can't, dont buy this device, you will regret it. I wouldve given it 2 stars if i could afford it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for 4 months now and its still going in and out on its own, its been so frustrating to work with. i want to get a brand new android device but cant afford the price tag. i really hate this device
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had several iphones and this is the worst ive ever used. it has been working for 3 months and my phone is a real brick! i got a new iphone 6 plus and it works just as well. so i know it is my fault, but it is not worth the price of the new phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This piece is a complete flop. It works just fine for the first few weeks and then it starts to make horrible clicking noise that never goes away. And after a year the buttons do not work, the screen is now scratched, the battery is dead, and there is a small dusting of dust in the battery compartment, which is covered by a plastic seal. I would never buy a product from this company again, just for this reason.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very nice item. But the buttons are just not the right size for me. It was really hard to use. If it would be possible to add on a second usb for charging, I could use this with other usb. (It would be the perfect tool to get more usb with on the go)  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it never worked for me.  I don't know if it was broken when I received it or what.   Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about AIMPRO Micro Sling Mount for CQB Series Airsoft GBB Rifles - (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike forums.  Have an urgent question about this item? We monitor these comments daily, but it may be faster to email us directly or call us at (626) 286-0360. Our resident experts are standing by to answer your questions!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product did not perform to the best of my expectations, although I have had no issues with any of my devices. I would recommend for a basic use, but not if your a hardcore tweaker or a professional!  Did you find this helpful? 6 of 6 Found Helpful  John  5 / 5  Reviewed by:from South Africa. on 6/14/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I got this device, I had no clue what to expect. I was worried it was a "cheap knockoff" and that I was getting something that was not worth the $40 it cost. My first impression of this device is that it looks a bit "dated" and cheap. It has a plastic casing around it with plastic edges. I would have preferred a plastic body. It is made with what I believe to be a "crapo" type of plastic, which just feels cheap and flimsy. I also found the battery to be very weak and hard to replace. I wish the charging mechanism was a little more robust. The unit also comes with a bad cord that you are not going to use. The cords are not thick at all and have a low quality cord. They are very cheap and the quality is just bad. I can not believe I paid this much for such a cheap device. I have yet to actually use my old CRT TV and still have to charge my new one. I don't even have to switch inputs! I have a cheap plasma that is already working great! The only things I would get better on the new one would be to have a bigger screen, better software, and a way to change the colors more quickly. The best thing I can say is that I love the look of the unit. The LCD is really nice looking and it has a really nice audio out. Other than that, I can't think of much else that I really liked about this unit.  Other than the poor audio out, everything else about this product is good. You get all you expect from a $40 unit. It gets the job done. The only negative I could think of is that you will need to purchase a power adapter to use the power supply. I personally don't mind that, but if you are like me, it can be inconvenient.  that's it!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nitecore
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** The battery life on this phone is terrible. I could get from 9-11 hours on a single charge. Now the phone only gets about 8.5 hours of battery life. And you have to charge it 3 or 4 times a day if you want to get more than 8.4 hours. The phone also has slow wireless data connection. It is almost like you have not had a phone with wireless data in years. ********  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, March 06, 2011  Best phone I have owned by far!  by Joseph from Lake Worth FL USA  Pros: Small and lightweight, great battery life, amazing video quality  Cons: Battery not rated.  Review: I am an avid videographer who shoots videos for a living. For over two years, I have been using an external usb charger which takes more than double the time to charge this phone and my computer. In a real world, on a real production, that's not good. It's just not a good idea to charge twice as often as your other device.   This phone is very good. I am able to shoot 3+ hour long videos and take a few with me to work. The video quality is great and the battery life is fantastic.  ,  Would I Buy It Again: Yes! I am very happy with my experience.  with or without a USB cable. .  at times, with a USB charger or with the USB cable, I am good to go..  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Condor Bumpers for Tascam DR-70D Full HD Video Camera with Dual Microphone for Wireless and Wired Connectivity (Set of 2) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  "The Bump" for the Tascamm DR-60 is a set of bumper plates that can be used with any camera. It has 2 slots for your camera mounting plate and the other slots is for your microphone.  the Bump is a great accessory to have on any Bump with it's built in mic and will help in your video production. The Bump can also be used for other applications such as the Zoom H4N or other Bump on a tripod. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This is the WORST computer I ever owned!!!! I could not use it for even one week. Everything had to be done in the internet! There was no manual on how to use the computer. There was not even a web page on how it works. The software that came with it was very basic and not very user friendly. When I bought it I was afraid that I had made a horrible mistake buying a computer. I did not know what I was doing at all. I ended up spending almost every penny to have it repaired. I also gave it to a friend who has a computer and it works great. I cannot believe I spent so much money to have a broken computer. The seller did not return the money I paid for it. I hope this company goes out of business. They are just plain horrible and I will never purchase a computer from them again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I have had my B&H digital camera for a year and a half. I'm glad I waited. My image quality is so bad I am worried my pictures will be ruined. I have used it to take some portraits, and in the night, in low light, it's a nightmare. I was able to adjust the picture to get the proper exposure and focus, but the exposure and focusing are completely wrong. I did manage to fix the exposure in post-processing and save the file, but no amount of fixing the exposure can save the poor image quality. I took a chance on buying this camera and a $300 flash adapter for my camera, and I'm a little disappointed with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great device. The only problem is that it's very loud. The quality of the device is really good. I would recommend this to people.  " This is awesome. So far we have used this to view the sun in our backyard and to view our house and it works great!  5 Stars! This is the best product I have ever purchased and I love my new digital camera.  with a 4-month trial subscription  Best Purchase Ever! I purchased this to have the ability to watch my house from a distance. The product is fantastic and is what I was looking for. .  in the past I purchased and owned my own camera's and thought I could use them for everything. Then I found this product and it's a dream come true. I cannot believe the difference that this has made to my life. Thank you!  and best of all I got it at the best price possible.  to all of you who are reading this. Thank You. You will not be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have 2 of these and used both a lot. I read the reviews before I purchased and decided to buy a few more of them. I have never had a problem with these. They are cheap and work well. Unfortunately they have the tendency to give out a loud clanking noise when the plug is in. I guess the problem is that they are cheap plastic and they do not bend well. The one I had broke after about 3 months. After I replaced the broken one it started to give again. The battery lasts about 5 hours so maybe my other unit is broken too? I have 2 units in different locations, not that I am trying to make a big deal of it. Other than the clanking and noise, they have worked flawlessly.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Xiaomi Mi 4 and used it with an adapter (to be able to connect to the ethernet cable). It worked like a charm, but i have an iphone, the adapter made the connection with that phone. But I had an ipad, i can't use it, it was a big problem. I guess you have to get an adapter for that as well. Also, don't worry about the charger... it's good. I got mine from Amazon. But don't buy the ipad charger... they are expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a replacement for my old phone (which I still had). I've only had it about two weeks, and the battery is so bad that I've had to recharge it every day. The quality of this phone is pretty bad (but still good). I'll probably use it to take pictures for a while before replacing it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, August 29, 2016  Bought this a few weeks ago as an impulse purchase. Have only used it a few times but it works good so far. No issues with it so far other than it not being able to do some of the basic things a cellphone is designed to do, such as take pictures.  in short, i am happy with it. The only problem is that it can not do everything a cellphone does, but that's the price of a good phone. 's are the same price as a smartphone, you can get a very good phone with a cheaper price and this does the job very well. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned one of these since about 2009 and its been nothing but trouble ever since. the first time i plugged it in and it wouldn't work. they sent me a new one and i got it and started using it, but eventually the battery died. the next time i did it worked fine. but then a few months later it died again. then they sent another one and it worked great, but the second one quit working again. they told me that i needed a new battery, and i had to go to a hardware store to get one. i got two batteries and used them for a few weeks and then one finally died, and they told i would have to pay for shipping. the whole thing was so frustrating that i had no choice but to pay $200 for a new item and have it working fine again. now it keeps giving me these warnings. the problem is that they refuse to repair the product when it doesnt work. if i go to Best buy and buy a new device from them, i will get the warranty. so i don't see what the big deal is. you can't take the warranty off of an item when it has been working correctly. i just get very frustrated. they are getting paid to service their product and their service is bad. i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a great product - the microphone works great and has very nice quality. But i was not sure if the battery would last or not. I'm very happy to see that it worked. But if you're gonna use it, you better give it at least 3-4 months. The batteries were too weak and they did not last. I was really upset that i can't use my cell phone or my audio recorder at night, and it's really annoying. The only reason it's still in the store, is because a customer had a problem with the batteries last year and they gave him a refund.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You know why there are so many negative reviews about a good device? It is not as good as the original. If you have never used it, get the original, it will work just as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing hoping to use it in my business as a remote to control my server (server runs Apache and MySQL servers) It worked fine initially but as the time went on it started to be too finicky. I had to manually restart my server to go back to what it was supposed to be using and even then it was too finicky to do anything with. Also, when a person was talking on the other end, the sound was not loud enough to hear what they were saying which is why the remote worked so well with the other guy but wasn't as good at communicating.  Rated 4 out of 5 by mjw from good product but... It does the job it is suppose to. I got it to control our home theater but it is not quite there yet. But its working. I get a good connection to the remote with this but sometimes when I use it the power LED light flashes so I'm not sure if its the device or me but the remote does not work.  and when I disconnect the connection to my TV and the connection turns back on... I cannot reconnect it to the TV  I bought this and it does exactly what it says it does. Works great and the LED light on the remote makes it pretty obvious when it's on. If you're trying to do a lot of things with your television it's perfect for the price.  with the remote, it isnt great and some people complain about the volume being too quiet for TV use. but if you're doing that then you're not really watching it at all.  "great product for the money"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great speaker, the first I bought and it's the one I use the most.   I've had it about 6 months now and only one issue so far. When it's on and playing the sound is very distorted. I've tried a lot of things to get it to work but nothing helped. I'm running my pc on another cable to an external amp and a mic input and I can't seem to get the distorted sound to go away.   and I have a cheapo pair of earbuds that sound MUCH better. I have the volume on my amp set to max and I'm just a little frustrated because this one is the one that gets used most.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this with a $35 loan from walmart and got it within 4 days! After a few minutes using the app I realized it could not send the pictures and I couldn't make the audio sound right, it just sounded like my phone was off. So I sent it back to walmart, I am still having no luck using the phone, it will not work.    I think it is really a very good product and it is a great price!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My husband purchased this device for our 6 year old grandson and it's been going down hill since it was first delivered.   It is a great toy for my son and grandson and is a good size for his fist, however I have noticed my grandson not liking the size and now every time he has to ask me to turn it on he gets very anxious.  So to make up for this he takes it out of the box and immediately is asking to use it but if he doesn't get his way he won't stop until he does.  When it finally does start up he quickly uses it and loves it.  I have recommended it to our friends who had no kids and who love to play with it. The only problem we have is if it was a one year old that took it out a second or third time within a month it wouldn't be the same.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I bought the device for my 9 year old son to use in the bedroom, to make the noise and his mom didn't think it would do that and that's why she got a new one for her bed. I was a bit bummed to read that after the first year it had stopped working and the seller was very cheap to get it back in working order. The unit is a good size, with a nice, big battery and I bought this to replace my 8 year old one that was broken in the first month. It doesn't sound good but it is quieter than the other model. It has a remote control to adjust volume and to pause and change songs, plus it has some built in games on it as well as some music apps. The remote has a good range of functions. It could be a little brighter and would be nice if the volume was better on the device. I wish the remote could be used without a Bluetooth adapter and not have to take up the extra space on the unit. I will continue to use this one, but my other 8 year older one was much better. I am not a fan of electronic devices in general, but it's the only one I had and it's a shame it's so cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a YJ 3G, 4G and 5G this month and my main problems are:   1. Not enough storage for all my photos. My computer cannot be smaller and I don't use my laptop a lot. It takes forever to find a good photo to take.   2. It can only connect to 2G. The 5G is a nice improvement. But you have to be careful because they will have the 4G network as well in some regions.   the 5G only works in the USA.   that is it. I am glad they released a newer version, but I would not buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    For the price this device is good, however there are so many problems with the device. It is really hard to control and is extremely difficult to take apart. I bought it to use in the kitchen because it was cheap and is what I needed. The controls are terrible it does not even come with instructions. It also took me several tries to get the device working. It started working well with one click on the "On" button but after that it kept going off and off. I also needed to disconnect and reconnect the unit multiple times and it still would not come on.   I bought it from the local Best Buy, they had the best price and were nice people. If you don't have this thing, go back to Best Buy and get one because it will be too expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The iMac is a very nice computer and the iMac retina was very fast, but after 10+ years of owning an iMac, it just gets very old, I use it to read my email and work, but now that I have a MacBook it is fast again. The price of this computer is too high to be worth it.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images View All Images in Stock Vinyl Floor Lamp from Apple Computer - Black (MBD-1) 1 of 5 customer reviews Write a positive review about this product and you will probably get a free digital photo.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great idea but it does not work. If you want to do your homework while you watch a movie the sound would be perfect, but when you do want to listen to your TV music you have to use your computer. My son also said that the screen has a lot of color saturation. I used this as a substitute for the TV speakers. I did not notice any difference between using this and the speakers. There are three cables that are used to plug into the TV: one to play the TV sound, one to power the TV, and one to plug the device into the back of the TV. All I have to do is plug the cable that is on the front of the device on the TV into the cable to power it up and then connect the other two cables on the back to the device to power up the device.  Product Reviews Disclaimer:  Grainger is neither responsible for, nor does it endorse, the content of any product review or statement posted. Any statements posted constitute the statements of the poster and are not the statements or opinions of Grainger. The statements posted by Grainger employees with the Grainger employee badge represent the views of such employees and are neither endorsements nor statements of Grainge. Grainger makes no representations as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness, correctness, currentness, suitability, or validity of any products listed on this site. Use of any linked web site provided in a product review OR any advertising in connection therewith (whether on the website, in press releases, or on social media) do not constitute an endorsement by Grainge of the products or services advertised or any political statements or statements of fact made within those products or ads.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is a waste of money and time. I will probably never get another one. Not very accurate and it is a hassle to get it right.  I love my XOOM! I love my digital camera! I have had it for about 3 years and love it!  great for beginners and experts alike! Great camera  Great camera. I got this camera for my daughter for her birthday and it was exactly what I wanted. I think it is great for beginners that have not been into photography as much as me but don't want a more expensive digital camera. The auto focus is a bit slow but you can get over that with practice. The battery life is about 1.5 hours of usage.   I have only used it for a couple of days and the only problems I had were it was very heavy and the battery was not that great, I had to use it on my table to take pictures of my kids. However, the photos are still there even though the batteries run out before the photo was taken.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------The sound is just OK, I have only one other device in my house, and it is a computer I play with a lot of software and use the audio from. This one sounds very small to me. I think the noise is from the speaker being very close to the mic, but that's just my opinion. I'm hoping that this is not the norm with this type of thing, but this is a bad sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this is a flimsy piece of shit! i took it out of the box and it started buzzing so bad it got me nervous. the only other thing i tried was using the power button with it off and it did work but was almost impossible to turn on! i had to use a screwdriver to turn it on and then the battery was dead. it had a 2 year warranty so i guess they should be held responsible but id bet a few bucks this thing wouldn't have made it 5 years with how much noise it makes. i wouldn't buy this if i had anything to do with the purchase. i wish i would of taken the time to write my bad review about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a very simple and easy to use product. The key function is to switch the output to the "on" position (turn it on), but you can change it to "off" without turning the device off. Very handy feature and an added bonus for me is that it is also a key fob! But the reason I gave it 3 stars is because the battery only lasts about 6 months and you need to change the battery every few months. If you're looking for a simple and compact key fobs that are easy to carry, well these work for the job.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the thing I don't like about the iPod is the slight difficulty of removing the ear bud connector, and the ease with which they are easily ripped out and the poor quality of the plug. I'm hoping that after I get this new one, they will do better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem was the first one I bought and I needed it for a job in a small shop. The product was okay.   But now I bought a second one for the same job. I have it working fine.  ,,   My rating is just based on its price and the fact that I don't have to look for something that works.  I also have one of those newfangled digital thermometers and I haven't had a problem in several years. The only problem I've had is a digital thermometer that works fine will not detect water that has gone below the 0.3 or 0.35 degree mark.I'm not a master of electronics or anything. It's just that they work and I just don't understand why.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The keyboard is small and feels very cheap. It is also very loud. The mouse is small, but very good for gaming, the thumb wheel is really nice and I like that I can adjust the sensitivity, and the screen is large and very clear. Unfortunately, the mouse/keyboard combo isn't wireless or very fast. Also, the battery life is not that good. The headset is very good, but the connection between the two is not good. I would recommend buying the mouse and keyboard separately, especially if you have to travel. I do not recommend this one for anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - July 9, 2018 - July 09, 2018 Reviewer: LUCAS from WA I bought a moto g and the battery was dead within the first couple weeks it got to work. So I bought an Apple ipod and it worked great. The iPod was also not charging at all so I just got a new one and it's working great. I didn't think I was going to use this product but it's awesome!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product because I really liked the design and price on the Tascam DR-70, but the sound quality and features on this one are so poor that I will never use it again, as I have found the output of the TASCAM DR-90 to be much better and more balanced than the TAC8030. The sound is not clear and dynamic, and I have tried various recording programs to try to correct it, but I have no results. You have to have a good sound card (i used the DAW from the TARON TASTE) to get the best sound out of this mic. The DR-60 and DR-8030 both have different gain settings for better audio. I would recommend not buying it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:       I got this for my 9 year old son because he loves to watch television.   It works well, but it was very expensive for what you get,  I had it replaced for about $250.  A new one would have cost more. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a tablet a few years back with a nice built in LCD screen that worked flawlessly. I was hoping it would be a great gaming device. It had good graphics and was really nice looking. The tablet was great for gaming but my graphics card couldn't handle games on high details. It took forever for the tablet to charge because my laptop was just too small for the battery to fit under the tablet. My laptop was also too big for the internal battery to power. It would have been so much better if they had a way to charge the tablet over the dock. I would have just left my tablet in my car, but the battery life was so bad I had to keep charging it for about a month. After the first month, I gave up and gave the tablet back to Walmart, who refused to take it. Now I find myself paying for my tablet, which would normally be great, but now I wish I had kept my $500 tablet to play all those games on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is the real "Apple" you are playing with..   -Chris
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this thing to use with my moto x, but i dont get the moto look. I have the htc m7 and i had to go get the x phone to get the look. This was the original model.  My wife and i have been looking for a good wireless router to take our wireless internet connection to the next level. We have bought the best of the best and after using a lot of these things, this one has the best price. I don't know if we will upgrade to the top model. The price is right on the dot. I've only had it for a week and I like it. I also like how easy it is to setup and use. You get to choose what you want and it is just as easy to use as a wired router. This is a good deal on a router with wireless performance. It does have it's weak spots, however the ones it does have are worth the price. -Somewhat weak signal in our house when we don't use all the channels that are free when you sign up, but it does get the job done.  -No problem with the router being not recognized when a computer is turned off, just unplug it and restart it. And lastly... -The only downside is the wireless range, it is only about 10 yards. It has very poor range, which I did not expect at all! The router is very good for wireless in my house. This one may not have wireless reception in a house of 300ft. I would definitely recommend the ebay version of this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I purchased this to go with a Sony DVC-RX100 and it came out great. I used a VCR in my bedroom and it worked flawlessly. Only issue was that the sound is not as sharp as it was before, I don't know why. I hope that Sony fixes this problem because I wouldn't recommend this to someone who is looking to buy this for a computer.  Best thing since the laptop battery is no longer replaceable, and so is the cable!  It's been three weeks since I bought my DVCRX1000. The DVC has been a great success with my family. The sound and picture is great. The price of the computer and the cable were well worth it! I am very happy with my purchase. Now I just have to figure out how to use my iPod on this device. I can't! I use my laptop as my primary computer, and this DVC is the only computer I use with my laptop, and that's it. I have a MacBook Pro, and the sound quality on that device is just OK. I am using the DVC for my music, movies, and computer work and it is awesome. If I had one complaint about the D-VCR1000, it is that the input is not always great. Occasionally I get that I can hear very little sound coming out of the input, but I think that could be related to the USB sound card that is included. You can use a standard USB sound cards on this model, but you are probably better off if you use a USB sound adapter. The computer is quite powerful. I would say that this is a great investment for the money.  a great purchase, the only problem is not having a way to charge the dvcrx1000 while using the dvr in it  After reading all the good reviews about this product, I decided to purchase one. I've been using the unit for the last week or so and I'm happy I did. The picture and sound are great, and when I watch movies or listen to music it really gives the best experience. But it's not enough to satisfy the need to charge it while I am watching TV. So I purchased the AC adapter for my laptop. Now that I have it, I have used it to watch TV shows and movies, but the only way to use it is to plug it into the computer. I'm not sure how I would
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this tablet and a portable battery pack, and was disappointed in both of them. The battery pack was very low on power, and the tablet was so slow and unstable that it was impossible to use at all. Also, I think that the charging cable is made for the iphone but is too short to fit the ipad. I would recommend this iphones charger to someone wanting an iph battery pack and a iph tablet, but not to someone who has to use this ipod.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the iPhone 4/4S and it is the worst I have ever owned. It was an impulse buy and I bought it for the first time just to have a backup phone. It is so difficult to dial out on the touch screen and there is always a huge lag when dialing out. There is also some difficulty getting the call to work as well. My wife is very happy with the phone, she is in the medical field and needs to be able to make a phone call in an emergency without being on her computer. The phone does make a decent call and she can hear voices, but it is such a chore to make the phone call when she needs to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a replacement for an old electronic device (iMac). It worked fine. I didn't even know the original device existed! I had to put it together myself. The cable broke after using it. Also, it's an extremely flimsy device. I had some problems with the camera. I tried the following settings on it. Set the flash and wireless settings to Auto, turn on video recording, set the aperture to f16. The camera worked but I had a hard time getting the video to record in both directions. I thought that was weird. After trying a bunch of different settings I gave up. I would buy this again for the camera but only if I have to. I think there are better alternatives.  Rated 3 out of 5 by David from I would recommend this product but only for the purpose for which it was designed. I bought two of these cameras to use with my Canon 5D Mark III as a backup to take pictures with when there was an emergency or a family emergency. They are great for their purpose as far as I can tell. I am a photographer and the Canon Rebel is a great camera. As an emergency camera I find that I will use the Canon 5d mark III for those types of situations. I use the Rebel for portrait work with this camera. The Canon 5Ds is just a little too big. The 5ds has a better lens. The Rebel with the zoom lens is just as good as the 5d III. If you are on a budget the camera I would suggest is the Canon 7D. It is a little smaller than the 5ds and not quite as nice to handle but it's also a great value for the money. I also think the 5D IV would be a great option as well.  and I will keep these in mind for future use. I have not used the Canon 6D but I am hoping to get to use it this weekend when I go to the beach in NC for the 4th of July. I plan to use this camera for a lot of photos of the fireworks. I will probably also purchase a Canon 100D for my still camera. I really wanted to like these cameras. After reading the other reviews I bought one as a spare (the one I needed was broken). I just wish that they had included a battery charger as I had no idea that I would not be able to recharge the batteries in this unit when I left my home. This would have been much
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been in love with the apple watch ive had it for over 2 months now but i hate how the watch is hard to read. Its basically just a computer screen with some buttons on it. ive purchased a different watch and i love it. this is the first watch i purchased and its not a good buy ive already sold mine and i wouldnt buy another. Its not a smart watch. If you're not an android user and you are looking for a cheap android device buy a real smart watch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My tablet is terrible, It's slow, the screen is flakey, there is no battery at all, no flash memory at all. It's not worth the money, there are better tablets out there, I would get the cheap one if I got it. If you can get past the screen issues, it's a very good product and there are lots of apps that are not just games.  It's a bit pricey compared to what other android tablets cost, but it's worth it for the quality.  a year ago
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had my 3DS for over 3 years, and I have only had the battery replaced once (due to over charging, or something). It's been over a month since my battery died on my 3ds, and no one in the local Best Buy, Nintendo store, or any store have replaced it. So I have a defective product. The reason I got the console for the first time in September 2011 was to try out Zelda and have an older generation console to play those games. I was extremely disappointed to see that they no longer sold the original games that I had for 3ds. I had to pay around $60 to play the games I already had on my other console. Now I'm stuck having to buy another 3ds to play 3dsmax for 3d-gaming (not as easy as it seems) or wait for the new games to be released that will probably cost me an additional $60-$80 for an additional console. All the reviews I have seen of the 3ds are positive, but I was hoping for some kind of compensation for their mistake.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The best electronic device ever made!!!!!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took a long time to learn how to connect a mouse to my tablet. I don't understand how it would be any different from using a laptop. I have an old Thinkpad and an old tablet. When I tried to use the mouse on a tablet, I got a "cannot find device" error. What an absolute nightmare. A few days after I finally got the device working, I lost all my data because I never had an internet connection. I had to buy new SD cards and get the system up and running.  Not worth it at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my moto g for about two years now. ive used it for everything from taking photos to watching tv.  i use it for watching tv for hours because it works so well.  it doesnt get hot,  its easy to turn off/on,   its just very easy to use and    i am extremely happy with my mopg  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, March 23, 2016  Great Camera  by A Customer from Santa Clara CA USA  Pros: Easy to use, lots of pictures  Cons: None  Review: The MOTO G takes really good pictures. I've never been a great fan of cameras because they always seem to lose focus or take photos that you couldn't take with a point and shoot. The MGP1 just doesn't have those issues.   The only thing I don't like about it is the flash. I always have it on auto but the light is so dim it's hard to read.  I don't think this camera should be a $600 camera. Its not a pro camera.  (I only had to buy it because the first one I bought had been lost in the mail). I donot have a better camera right now.  the battery life is great but the screen is awful.  at night when the light goes on, the brightness of the screen and the light dims up to half.  are you serious?? its hard to see and when you try to focus it just doesnt work. :/  Don't take any pictures of me. I have a black eye!  (Posted on 9/21/2012)  Camera I'm proud of! .  The best camera ever, even after taking many, many, pictures. (Posted on 4/20/2012 and updated 4/22/2012 with some great pictures and great reviews! Thanks for posting!)  Good camera but..  By Bill H from California, USA ,  The camera is great, it took the picture I asked for but it didn't take much with the flash on. I took some more pictures with a low light but they were not as good. I don' t understand how the flash is on. It is dim to low and the image quality is good, but the flash needs to be off. The camera had a couple of problems with it. I had to
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s plus  I use the app on the phone to check email and messages and do not like using the internet on the computer at work.  This app was a perfect replacement and I'm very pleased with it. , May 12, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     It came as advertised. I used the batteries for 3 hours and they just got warm. When the batteries would not hold a charge anymore I had to use an original battery and used them for 2 hours. It was so warm and they would not last.  I'm disappointed, i don't like the looks of the product, it looks like something i can buy and be good with, not so with a cheap product. I can only find one positive comment and two negative comments.  as the saying goes: The reviews are written by people who have bought other cheap products, so they might not know much about electronics and how things work. If you are looking for something you can get away with and trust, this is the best choice.  and there you have it folks, the top rated cheap e-cigs with a strong focus on quality and performance. Keep these reviews coming in, as they are really helpful in the research for those seeking a quality, affordable alternative.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This laptop had been a life saver, but the touchpad has been acting up recently. It also sometimes has problems with Windows Update. It's a good computer, but I'm going to have to look for a different one for now. - Jeff  -Jeff
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a while, it is nice and small, the usb works just fine. however if i were to go over to another computer (ie my iphone ) and the iphones usb does not work, the cable that the usb cable is plugged into, i cannot connect it to the pc using the usb port, the computer will think the usb usb port is connected to another device. i think they should make a usb extension cable that is like a long cable, but is thinner.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: pre-owned | Sold by: g4mb1z
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________ I purchased this product for an iPod. The sound quality is very good. The only problem is that it doesn't play songs that I have purchased for other products.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my fpv and it works great but for some reason when you hit the up arrow on your screen its like the screen is off and no button presses. and its really hard to use because you cant actually see your screen it's kind of a blind spot. i hope the company can help fix it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone 7 for a month and i love it and it is not water proof as it was advertised. the only reason i gave it 4 stars is becaue the cable is really thin, so its not going to last very long.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great little device, but the speakers made it very easy for people to hear the same sound over and over, the only saving grace is the microphone and speakers are very sensitive and are hard to get in tune with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good portable computer for a cheap price. It has a great screen, has good sound and is very powerful. The only problem I have is the fact that when I have it plugged into a laptop, it does not come up as an option. It is like it is not connected to the computer at all. I am pretty sure it is a hardware problem, but I have yet to get it fixed. Overall this is a great computer for it's price and the great selection of games.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  2 of 2 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It worked well in the beginning. The noise reduction is good, the microphone is great for talking to your friend/significant other in the office who can't hear you. But the phone itself is horrible. It's extremely bad. The speaker is horrible, the phone is very fragile, very easy to drop.   I purchased this for my mom who has dementia and she loves it! I've used my phone since November and I would definitely NOT recommend it.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Easy to set up, easy to use Bought this phone for my daughter, who's an adult with no brain or aphasia. As a result of her condition, her brain and brain function can vary from person to person, and she can get confused. My daughter does not have a phone with a cell phone line or an internet connection, so this phone was a lifesaver. Once she got the phone set up and hooked up, she could use it to navigate, send texts and make calls (although she couldn't read them at the moment). She loved using the phone and she didn't know she needed a phone at all. I have another cell phone with 3G, but she loves this phone more. I think that there should be a few more features like voice mail/SMS, the ability to make/receive calls, etc. Otherwise, I like the simplicity and I love it so far!  5 stars for the simple setup and quick updates I have used this phone on and off for more than 5 years. It is simple and easy to set-up, but it is very hard to go back to a different phone once it is up and running. The battery life is great, the data transfer is fast, the calls are clear, and the screen is easy to read. , and I have more to say about it in the next review. So my review is for the set-it-and-forget-it price. It does everything well and the phone works well. My one complaint is the screen size. It just feels like there is a tiny black spot on the bottom of the screen. I had this phone at first, so I was fine with it at first. After a year, I had a change of heart and now use a flip phone instead. I would have been happy with the larger screen on the first phone I bought, but now it's just not worth the extra cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you are thinking of buying a device like this, buy a cheap USB wall plug, instead. This device works great and is very reliable and works for years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 3 months and it still doesn't work for me ive downloaded every update available on it and it only just works one time after i bought it and everytime after it takes forever to charge to 80% then the phone shuts off and takes 2 - 3 hours to start up again and im only talking about the original model of the phone not the newest models which seem to be more reliable but the thing is this phone is so unresponsive and i can tell its a lot of money for what ive got. so far i have bought and returned 4 of these in the last 3 months ive spent the money on 3 more from another vendor for similar problems and all 3 of these still fail to work for some reason and are much more expensive and i dont have any replacement parts either but i tried to fix it with some new screen protector that ive ordered and it worked for a few hours but then it went back to just randomly shutting off and on which is unacceptable. i'm not going to buy anything else from apple until i see this problem fixed.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is horrible. It is hard to navigate and use the phone, the screen is not good at all, the battery is horrible, the camera is bad, the micro usb port is terrible, the charger is terrible and the android interface is horrible.. this phone is like the apple ipod. The worst of all it does not have the latest updates which is a total joke. You will be stuck with it.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was really excited about this unit, as I have one of the original TDA9600E's on order from Digikey. But the problem is the receiver: it is a crappy one. I would get a good one from the very beginning, as my old TDA's had a lot better receivers than this one. So I am not using the receiver, as the quality is really terrible. My only problem is, as far as I can see it is just one connector with a wire for the AC power cord. In my case the other end of the cable was the input of my computer, but there was no option for me to connect it to my TV as I would like, but I have a bunch of other problems with the unit as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this phone for a couple years and it is the worst phone i have ever bought. the main problem is the audio quality. ive had it for a long time, and when i listen to music it sounds like a cd player with crappy sound.  my daughter uses it to listen to her favorite radio station. if she was not a music fan she would give this thing away. I have no problem with the fact that you can get the bluetooth but its the audio system that is horrible.  the only thing that makes me think i should get another phone is the battery.  i put about 4 days of use on it with the max it can hold.   i just wish i had gotten a better phone and this is why i think this one is the best on the market. I really wanted to like this phone, but it hasnt stood the test of time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is bad because when you get a new phone, and you open it up, you need to connect it to something and you have to use a USB cord. I bought the phone for my daughter as a gift and I wanted her to be able to go online and use the internet and email. This is a bad product because it requires a USB cable, and it is really annoying to have to carry around a USB and plug it in all the time. I was very happy that I got it for my kid because I don't have to do any of that! I wish the phone came with a usb cord that you could plug it into.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I had to buy this new and as a newbie to smart devices, I didn't realize how much data was on this device. If you have it in your house, I would be hesitant to use it. If it were in a different room, it would be fine. The only problem is the display is very small. Also, the touch screen is not very sensitive, so it gets lost in my pocket all the time. I also had to replace the batteries with the new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this device a couple of months ago to use as a remote control for my baby's toys. It is pretty good at detecting motion and even recognizes movement of the hands. Unfortunately, the remote control that comes with it is very crude and doesn't do much of anything at all. It also has no internal memory, so you have to input commands into the remote before you can use it again. The buttons on the remote don't seem to be clickable and they do not work with the motion detection on the device, either. You have to push the button on the side of the remote every time it wants to see what's on the screen. Also, it doesn't come with any batteries or charger. The battery is only good for about 15 minutes of operation. Overall, I was very disappointed in this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got a Sony VTC5 a while back and I was a bit disappointed in how poorly it worked. My Sony was a piece of junk. The unit was on sale and I bought it thinking I was getting a quality unit that will do most of the things I wanted from it. However, in a matter of 2 weeks, the VTC6 completely took over from the Sony in just about everything except the audio (although it was still pretty good) and the battery life. The VTC3 is an excellent product but for the price of this unit it was just not worth it.   If I had to do it again, I would probably get a VTC4 instead (the one that comes with the V10). This is the one I have.   was purchased in Feb 2010, works great, battery lasts me about 2 years now and there is nothing wrong with it. I just wish there was a way to connect it to my computer so I could stream my audio. It has a built in mic, but it works best when you use an external mic. Also if you plan on using it in the car and have a car stereo, it's not necessary.   of the two I have, one works better, the other one is better quality. I really like the V4 though.   the only thing that gets me about it is the fact that I can't get a cable to connect the two unit together.   for the money, I wouldn't spend that much on the V3 to buy a V4 with it   was purchased in March 2009, works perfectly, great quality and the microphone works great.   "The sound quality is great and the built in microphone works wonderfully."   Was purchased in August 2008, Works great   "I think this is an incredible product for the right price, and the price is right for what you get. It's been a long time since I've had a good quality stereo system. The sound quality and sound stage in this sound system are great and I can hear what I'm listening to clearly. I would not have been able to tell it was built in, and you can turn off the microphone, speaker and speakers. I will definitely recommend this product to any audio lovers. I've also taken the time to compare these units with the Sony system that I have and I think this unit is definitely superior in every way."   to my ears the vc is better than the sony
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an older tv for a few years that wouldnt load on the tv and i thought its got a crack and it got me to replace it but when i got the tv back i had to break it out to fix all the things i had changed (no battery) but after a couple of days i managed to figure out how to get it to work and it works good now with a new battery ive been watching movies on it for a while now ive got a 4k blu ray player that works good ive used the pc it runs on to stream Netflix and youtube but its really slow and the sound is terrible ive tried everything from using it to turn on my tv and then the computer to turn it off and back on again but it wont turn off or turn on its got to the point now i cant even use my tv for anything ive left it on all day for tv watching with it on and it wont even turn off its just sitting on my desk all day and no matter what i do it willnt come on ive given it to my friends for playing with it but they cant use it either ive replaced it with a tv but no matter how hard i try to turn the tv off or off the tv wont work ive also been going back to the mac laptop ive always had it as my main computer but with the laptop i dont have to deal with all of the things that the tv has done if only it came with the usb cords that came with it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   - The USB ports on the back of the phone are NOT for connecting USB storage devices, but rather, USB devices that come with the device, like SD cards.  If you need a USB drive, I would recommend getting a computer, not a smartphone 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the only thing that didn't work. the cable that comes with it is a joke. i didn't even realize i needed that until i got it plugged in. I should of gotten a different cable before it even went out of the package. My son is 7 months and had to go through his first one when he didn't get it as an extension. And now it is the worst purchase i have made yet. I am glad that i wasnt able to take it apart to try to find the problem before i purchased it.   I am so very disappointed. i tried a different brand that is supposed to be a better quality and it didnt work at all. i hope they give me a new one. I would of gotten an Apple one but i guess its the other way around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only positive review I can give this device is for the $40 price, I don't mind paying that much for a decent remote for the price.  I would have given it 5 stars but the problem is the remote is completely unusable. I am not going to bother ordering a replacement, the device is useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! Not worth it. It did not work at all. I did it by trying to use it in an old Apple power adapter. It won't plug in it and it does not power it up at all and the charger doesn't work and the case has to be opened to plug it in and then it won't power the battery off. Also it doesn't really charge the battery at all, just goes down to 50% when you turn it on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my tesla for about 4 months now and its been working great, except when im at the gym in my tvs and it wont turn off. i think this is a defective piece of equipment ive already sent it in for warranty. i can't even find a working replacement in my area for this thing  No Name  5  Reviewed by:from   5 customer ratings  4.2 ) $22.00 This is the cheapest item i have ever bought but the worst one i have had.  Great for a child  3  reviewed by: from ct, on 12/6/2015   It was great for a little baby. It's a lot better than the baby monitor that I had bought for her.  for kids, this is great!  great  2  rated by:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had bought this from a local ebay store for $24 and I thought I'd like it.   It's a cheap little device, not the best quality of the Efest.  But it does a lot of things for me.  It works with my 3G router so that I can use the WiFi, and it works with a usb port to charge my batteries.  I like the size of the charger, and the USB port.  The only thing I don't like is that the USB is really short.  My usb is usually too long.  Maybe I can replace it later with a bigger one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second laptop that I've had for over a year. I've purchased the first one for my office use, and the new one was purchased for a school project that's over 3 months old now. I can't imagine why the first laptop lasted more than one year. After one year, it is falling apart and the rubberized parts of the laptop are constantly falling off. I keep having to replace them because the rubber is coming off.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good product for the money It's a decent laptop. It's lightweight. The hard drive is fast. The speakers are nice. The trackpad is fine. This is good for what I want it to do.  it also has two usb ports which I really liked. The keyboard is ok, but a bit cramped. The screen resolution is really good for my needs. The battery lasts a very long time. The audio is ok. I do like that it can be a tablet without losing functionality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the Wifi-Tiny on the assumption that it was going to work perfectly. I was wrong. After a few hours of operation, it started to act up, and I could no longer access the device. After researching it online, I discovered that this product has had a number of bugs, most of which are due to the software, and not the device itself. As I started working on it, the wifi antenna broke off. I contacted the company to ask for a replacement antenna, they were unable to do so because there was no hardware left to replace. So, they sent me a prepaid return label, and advised me not to return it, as there were no replacement antennas available. I did not like that at all. In addition, they do not warranty their products, so no repairs will be offered. I could have easily returned it, but I was very frustrated and could not do it. I do not recommend this product to anyone.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Bill from Terrible. This little wireless keyboard worked fine until I installed my new keyboard. Within an hour I noticed the keys that had been working just fine became completely useless. The keyboard also started to heat up, I had to unplug it and keep it on a desk. I bought 2 and both of them were defective. Now I want to return them.  The quality of this product is far worse than other brands of products I've had. The company seems to have a problem with quality control.  of a bad apple product,  This product does not work. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an apple ipod for the past 6 yrs and it has always been amazing, but recently they changed the ipod screen to a very un-appealing one... the new one is a very bright white screen with a dim grey backlight. this ipod now takes forever to charge, takes forever for me to wake up in the morning, has poor sound quality and takes forever before it can even start up and is extremely bulky in your hands, especially if you are 5'7 or under.... so its better to stay with your apple ios ipod or other apple products... i hope you all will give the apple ipods a chance. but it sucks to have a great product and then change it for an ugly black screen...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 was very bad. The battery was too expensive, the buttons were way too hard to use, and the screen quality was poor. The price was too high for a phone that has nothing to offer other than the fact that it has a nice screen and a small price tag to pay. The screen was just terrible with poor colors and dark blacks. The camera was also very bad but I'm going to put the blame on the camera and not the tablet. The Samsung Galaxy Tablet 2 10" has the exact same hardware as the Samsung Galaxy Tablets 10" but the screen is the same color as the tablet and camera is the best on any tablet in its class. I would like to say this is a great tablet and would recommend it to everyone, but that would be a lie. A bad review of an excellent tablet:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a-mC2NjJ_k The best tablet on the market:   http: //www.amazon.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The keyboard was working great for the first month or so, then it randomly broke, and I needed a new one. I had read some online that this would happen to other people, but the replacement was so much worse than the first one, I was shocked. The case was also a nightmare, not only that I had to use all my tools to take it apart to take the new keyboard out, but they were both broken. It cost about $100 to get one of the two new keyboards. I hope that the person that made these people realize that they made a mistake, and not to just give away their products. I can not recommend them.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Robert B from Not the same as before I purchased this keyboard a few months ago. I bought it for work. The keycap mechanism is very good, but I've noticed that it now fits on a very tight angle, and the keyboard keys are too thick. Also, the keys have a different feel. Not sure why they changed, but it is not the same anymore. This could be a good product, if it works properly. I will try to return it, but have no confidence that it will. , but don't get a keyboard made by these guys. They've been doing it for over 20 years, and they have always given me trouble. When they fail, they will get a refund, but not the cost of the keyboard. I've tried several keyboards from other vendors and this is the worst one. If you have a hard time finding the key you want on the keyboard, and then your keyboard stops working, they are all junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very poor design.  This unit is designed for a computer and has a bad connection for both the USB and power cord.  the keyboard is really hard to type on and the display is not working.  for $$$ I should not be charged $300 for a product that does not work. .  a new keyboard could have been had for this price, if the USB cord did not short out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i hate this so much.  I bought it to do a project and it was working fine for about 15 minutes before it started to fail. theres no other explanation. I'm sure it's a problem with the computer not the battery... 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time i was trying this I was able to hook it up and use it for 2 days. The battery life was only a couple of days and then it died. I have been trying to get a new one for a week or so. The second time it worked fine for a day then it didn't. I can only imagine this is because I use the phone with bluetooth. I haven't figured out why this happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very nice device. It is an absolute must have device for any of the serious music producers. The only thing that i find bad is that it is very sensitive to it's surroundings. The sound quality is great however it can get very harsh if its on a hot day. And that's where the "good" ends.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********The product worked flawlessly for the first month, but the battery died within about 5 days of use. The warranty is worthless with such poor quality. **********This is a great product for a good price.  ***********One of my favorite gadgets! It's a fantastic device!    This device has the best battery life on the market.   It was ok Review by David  Quality Price Value I got the 3-way setup and it was ok. I ran a 4k picture through it for about an hour. That was just for the photo. I never used the video features or video compression. So I wouldn't expect to get a whole bunch of great videos. You can use it in one of two modes: 4k or slow motion. In 4k you have the same features as the 60p version. If you only use slow motion, that's ok too.  Works great! Review by Alex  Price Value Quality I have to admit, I was surprised by how little effort it took to set this up. The interface and the menus look and work great, and the app works seamlessly with the Apple Camera app. The only drawback I had was that it doesn't work with iOS 10. I downloaded the beta and tried out the new camera app, but it was way too slow, and I needed to stop it from recording before I could start taking pictures. Overall, it worked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone who has a device with a 3-axis sensor and needs a great looking and very small device. ,  great quality Review by daniel  Great Quality Price Value i had this camera on sale and I absolutely loved it. the quality is great, the camera quality is very good, the settings and controls are so simple to use and they are super smooth. the only con is the price, I think you are paying too much for a camera that only does the thing you want to do.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and the screen isnt so great, when i went to the apple store to get a new one, the guy said that theres a new model on the market right now that has a screen and it's better, but when i got it home and plugged it in i realized it's a clone. this thing still has a horrible screen and when i put a few apps on it it still has no power... i will give it 4 stars for being easy to use but as a clone it sucks, not worth buying  Rated 1 out of 5 by Michael C. from I would never buy this. I am so sad that this is what it comes with now. My previous iMac. Not worth it. This iMac looks identical to the iMac from last year. I just don't see the difference in the design. I have a lot of applications on my iMac and it does not power my computer at all. I will not buy this computer again. There are cheaper alternatives out there and I am glad I never did buy this product.  It's a great buy. Great processor, it's like having a supercomputer in your pocket and it works flawlessly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 3 months now, but i love it so much i bought a new one for my wife because i'm using it now with our 3 year old and she likes it. the only thing i have a problem with is the usb port for it doesn't work. ive tried plugging it in and using it as a keyboard, but it wouldn't work cause it didn't have a usb port. the first time i was using it it took like 5 minutes for it to boot up and i had to do it all over again, but thats my only issue so far. i just use it for watching youtube video. this is by far the best portable computer i have ever used. i use it at work for writing on my laptop at home and the keyboard is great, but if i want to use it like a laptop i get my old laptop off the couch and put it on it. I love this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I just bought this device and I have to say that it is the worst electronic device that I ever own. I had a Dell laptop that i bought from them many years ago. It worked great and for many years was a top of the line product. One day this Dell laptop died. My computer was only 16 years old. I decided that my Dell laptop was a piece of crap and I needed a new one. I went and looked on the internet and came across these electronic devices. I thought they were very neat. I bought one of the gadgets that the internet had to offer. I was very excited when I saw it because I had seen it on the Internet so many times. It is pretty much the same thing that I used to have. The only thing that is different from the other electronic devices is that it does not have a built in display. This is because my laptop screen is really bad. The thing that really got me is the price. I think it was a great price for the purchase and I should have checked the shipping cost first before making the purchase. I gave it a 4 star because it is one of those products that if it is not for you then it probably isn't for you. It was for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for about a month now and my wife calls it "waste of money". it isnt bad, it is just not that great, but i have a $500 ultrabook that is twice the size and doesnt have that many buttons on it.   If you want a cheap keyboard for a cheap computer, this one might do the trick, or you could try the kbdtakt's.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** ********** ******** ********. ********* ******** - March 10, 2013 I bought one of these for a friend. He was a huge Apple fan so I knew it was going to be great, but when he received it and started using it the first time, I was appalled. First, the unit does not have a volume control. He couldn't play the video game he was trying to. It just went to his "unplay all music" page, and it would not change the volume. When he went to turn it off, it would just reset. He had to get the iPod to turn itself off and then it would reset again. The iPod then had to be plugged in to get it to go to sleep, or it would go to "off" and reset. It would not turn itself on again. I know the iPod and this computer can't be connected together and it can't play videos in the "video" or "mp3" categories, but how is he supposed to turn on a device that he never even got and was supposed to have great sound and video. It is not the worst thing that I have ever seen, but for an iPod that is supposed to play music, it is absolutely horrible. I will never buy one of those again. It seems like the only thing I can get away with now is a cheap plastic box that has no protection.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Bought a 3d printer for a friend. Got the printer and I have the 3d printed a plastic case. The printed part on the bottom where the power button and the case opening should go. The case is a little flimsy, so the bottom of the 3D printed case was loose. So the whole thing fell out on the floor. Had to order a replacement and the replacement is a different shape and is about $10 cheaper. I am extremely disappointed that this product was not made to meet the expectations of the company. I would recommend to others to be more careful when purchasing from 3d printers.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very disappointed with my new iPhone 5c because of the problems. The first thing I noticed when I turned it on is that it would not turn on. After trying the battery and charger and everything, I went back to the Apple Store and they said there was a problem with the battery.  I had to spend over $450 to get a replacement.  After that I went to Home Depot to buy another one. After I got it I noticed that it had a problem again. It would not come on when I connected it to the computer.  When I was ready to close the phone it would just go to sleep.  This is a very expensive phone and the problems with it are not worth the money 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 3 months now and i have to say its a terrible product and the batteries are no good. I bought this because the phone battery is getting low and when I got it i was surprised at the performance of this cell. It worked great for the first few months until it started losing capacity at the end of the year. Now when I get my phone it wont make it through the day. I would recommend you spend more money on a brand name brand better phone.  Style: Great Value: I got a red one. It's a great phone for the price and I would definitely recommend it.  is great  style  great  Very good value, looks good and is very reliable. I am sure that it will last me a while.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very nice phone for its price range, but I would not recommend it to a first time user or someone who is new to smartphones or phones.  In short, it is not as quick to respond as other phones of its price and not as good of an interface as the Lumia 620, though it is a lot better than the original phone it was derived from.    This is my new iphone 4.  If you are looking for a good, cheap iphono, then the iphonod iphones are great.  This is my iphoner.   This iphona iphony iphoney iphonest iphoeno iphonel iphome iphoom iphopoe iphoy iphontopoe  iphomoe iple iphommoe ips iphorn iphor iphour iphory iphos iphoso iphow ipho ipp iphoo iphof iphoot iphors iphorse iphose iphust iphum iphus iphys iphous iphou iphut iphulat iphune iphu iphunk ipod ipot ipts iptor ipso ipsoc iptu ipsou ipty iptot ippo ipu ipud iphub iphuh ipwor iptz ipta ipte iptg ipto iptog iptoc iphun iphunt iphup iptwo iptyo iptou ipps ippb iptd iphue iphud iPod iphout iphux iphyc iphya ippwc ipo ippy ipup ipox ipux ipyl ipoz iphz iphxy iphzy iphzu ippz ipzt ippa ippax ippc ippd ippe ippf ippg ippi ippj ippk ippl ippm ippn ippq ippr ippt iphqy ippu ippv iphwc   iphwh iphye iphyo iphzi iphym iphyp
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was a great device when it came out but now that i have it for about two years. I can no longer use my camera with this device. I've tried changing the power supply several times with no luck. I have changed my batteries, both on the same side and the wrong side. I am having to buy a new camera or spend a bunch of money on a new power supply. Please fix this before it's too late.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking at the iomo for about a year now and it only works for a few hours before getting hot, then it starts to drop audio or it starts getting warm after a few minutes. so the whole thing is junk. i love the iomos but for the money i wish i would have just bought a cheapo usb headphone cord that works better. Also i'm not sure what i'm gonna do with it now that ive used it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I am a bit of a geek (not as geeky as others here, but in a good way). I'm in high school and my dad is the director of a technology consulting firm, so he owns the biggest computers, monitors and audio gear in our house. Well the first computer he bought was a 386 computer. He was so excited that he got it, I'm sure the old man was hoping for his money back in a week. He took it home, plugged in some floppy disk, and... nothing. He went online, bought a CD-ROM drive, got the disks he needed (DVD, a couple of hard disks, some other stuff), then hooked up the disk drive. After doing that, the machine went to sleep and didn't turn on again. So he got a new computer, but this time... nothing! He was livid at this point. So, I didn't feel sorry for him for trying to break into his own computers. I was more surprised. I guess he was expecting a machine to start right away with everything installed. Well, I had the floppy disk in my lap with a copy of The Simpsons in the CD. And my machine woke up with The Simpsons. It ran for about 10 minutes and then it fell into a coma. My dad got real mad at me. The machine went back to sleep right away. I wish my father had spent that money on the software and not my old CD-Rom drive. I'm going to try to get it to work, but I'm not hopeful. But the computer is dead, which is not what you want to hear.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The power cord is so short that when I plugged in the phone it gave me the feeling that it was broken. The battery indicator was still lit.  It took more than 2 hours of plugging the phone in and then plugging it in again to get the battery level to where it should be. I have the S7 Edge so I am not so upset as I know that I am only going to use the S6 Edge.   This phone is just not designed well.  Rating:  Posted by: jd at 7:00 AM I love the samsung galaxy s6. I bought it from a local store in seattle, WA. I love it because it is smaller than my iphone 6 plus and it is much lighter. The camera is great and it has great features. However, I don't care for the design. The volume rocker is on the back so the top of the phone sticks out and can sometimes get in the way when it is holding my phone in my hand. The earpiece is not a very good design because it has very little space between it and the speaker and there is no way to cover it up with a case. The microphone is pretty good. If I were to purchase another phone from a carrier that had an iphones iphons, the s6 edge would be my choice. It is cheaper than the iphona 6 plus which is much more powerful. I will be getting the s7 edge. The only problem I have is the screen is a little tiny. It does not have the same sharpness like the 6 plus, but it is still okay.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* I bought this in order to replace my old Macbook Air because it was getting really bad battery life. However, it doesn't even work! I opened it up to see the screen (which I like because it's easy to read) and noticed that the battery wasn't inserted correctly. I used a paperclip and a small metal screwdriver to get the battery in and out. It doesn't work. I didn't have a spare battery, and the battery is still not inserted correctly (this is also evident from the battery being a little dirty.) I don't know what's up with this. I don'st have the cash to go out and get a replacement one. Other than that it's great for a tablet or a laptop, but not very practical to use. I'm sorry to hear that.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this one about 2 months ago. The unit itself is very nice for the price. Its small and sleek and works great with the tv. The only problem i have is that it takes a long time to charge and it still doesnt charge properly on my tv. Ive read somewhere else that it was the wifi chip, but i had to do a hard reset on my device. I dont really understand why this is the case, it just seems odd. Overall, i really liked it, i just wish it would charge up faster.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had purchased an Icom IC-718 for my wife as she wanted to use an MP3 player with her Icom receiver. She was looking for a portable mp3 player. We have used the iPods and the Mp3 players for many years and these are not good. Very poor build quality, the batteries were not in a sealed package and I've had to clean the battery compartment and the antenna is loose. I have had to unplug the battery to replace a bad battery and they won't work again. We are not going to be using these for long term as we have other Icom devices and we still prefer them.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, April 26, 2008  Very good product.  have it with my Icom 677  by A Customer from South Bend IN USA  Pros: Very Good  Cons: The batteries are so weak, there's no chance of them getting a full charge.  the antenna has a nasty habit of breaking off, so be sure to buy a new one  Review: The Icom 718W is very good. The batteries last for at least a week. I don't understand why the batteries in these little guys get weak so quickly. I've only had the unit a week but I'm sure it will last a while. I like that the antenna on the Icom version of this is better than the one that came with the previous Icom. It is a bit better quality.  was a good buy for the price.  and a very good product  By Paul from USA  canada  Recommend to a Friend: Yes  Comment: The unit is good. I will keep my ICom 677 on it for years. The only thing I wish I had was a small plastic holder for the batteries. They are very cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________ I just bought my new android phone this week and had it for a week. I have no idea what my options are because I just use it like I do my old phone. It works and looks ok but I have not been able to get it to download and transfer files over the wire. This is an older phone that I wanted to make sure it worked on the new platform. I've already called the number that I have with the old phone to see if I can get the upgrade for my older phone. So far, no luck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery life of the e2d is very poor, and after 6 months of constant use the battery still hasn't died. I replaced the battery a couple of times and it still isn't working. The electronic parts inside have gotten so dirty that the device cannot be properly charged, and the original batteries (still in good condition) are so weak that they cannot replace them. When the device finally fails after 6 mos of constant usage, I have to throw it away. I can't afford to replace it. I am looking into buying an e2e, but I will have to wait until a better e2m is available. I hope to not have to buy another e2l anytime soon!!!   Other than that, it works great. The camera is very fast, so there is not a need for a fast e2c   The device looks very professional, but the interface is awful. It requires a LOT of commands to use the device and a lot of menu selection. It takes about 30 minutes to find something to do on the menu. It's so long to read through the settings that you cannot use the camera until you get it.   I love the way the device looks and I really wish the battery life could be better   Great camera, the only problem is the lack of memory. The e2 can store an amazing number of images, but for me it doesn't go above 40-60 in total image size. The first batch of images I got were about 80kb. There is a setting for changing the resolution of the images, this was the only improvement. Overall I will not be ordering another device from this company, I'd rather spend my money on other cameras.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The cable is too long. I have been using this with my computer for many years. The computer would run like a sardine can. It would hang. The new one works better. It is much smaller. But the old cable is now too long to take with me when I travel. It will take two or three cords to connect it to my computer. I will have to buy the new cable or buy another computer. And there is no longer a 3 pin extension cable that allows you to connect 2 devices. The old computer would not connect two computers. The one on my desk works so well now that I am using that computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This phone is a total waste of my time and money!!! It is so slow it's impossible to use it without taking out all the batteries. The phone does work, but the app needs to be updated to support the phone.!!! It's an excellent phone for the money, but there is a better phone for less money. I will never buy this phone again. It's a waste of money for a phone that doesn't work!!  Was this review helpful? Yes No  2 of 2 people found the following review helpful : The best phone I ever owned!!!!!!!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a couple of days, and i have to say, i really like it. it's very light, and well built. but when i started to use it, i noticed that it doesnt connect to my router properly and i had to turn off my modem and wifi, then turn it back on and it works just fine. so i can see why i would rather have a wired connection. and i would like to recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this item twice, both times it broke within 5 min of opening  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have this for about 3 years now. It was the first electronic device that I ever bought. When I received it in the mail, the wires went right through it. I didn't have a problem before. After the first few months of use, I started to get a constant buzzing and hum coming from the unit. It is loud. I thought it was coming from one of my neighbors' power lines, so I removed it and turned the unit off. I was wrong. No more buzzing, but I still have constant buzzing. The hum is constant now, and I'm no longer able to use my phone on my computer. The only thing I can use this unit for is making phone calls. I can tell you it is not very good at that. My husband has one of these and I have had mine for 5 years. He said it didn't make a lot of noise before and it has only gotten worse. It has a loud hum now. I wish I had known this before I bought this unit. So, I just received another one and I will be buying a new one.   Review of DJI Nai Gyuri :   , 3 stars:, 1 star: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I just received a Samsung flip phone, but no other model. It is the first flip phone I've ever owned. I was really excited to get it because of the size. I figured I would be able to use it to make calls, and send and receive e-mail. The flip phone has a touch-screen, but does not have an app. In order to do the "normal" things with the phone (e.g. making calls, sending e-mails, sending photos), I must use a PC on the PCBA. I have not been able to download the Samsung Galaxy Apps yet. I tried to download and use the Samsung Gallery and it didn't work. I downloaded the Samsung Music App, and it did not work either. I am very disappointed that this was not in stock when I bought the phone, because I would have never used a flip phone with a touchscreen. This is a huge step down from the iPhone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love this device, but for my needs it's really a pain in the butt to use. The USB port only accepts A-B cables (A is the power, B is the data) and this thing is extremely bulky. My other phones are also on the smaller side (Nexus 4) and I'm afraid that I'll have a hard time fitting it in my pants pocket or in my back pack. There's a reason the Apple Lightning connector is called the "standard."   The iPhone 5 is my go to phone.   It's got tons of cool new features and it's not too expensive, either! The only problem I have is that it's difficult to use with my Bluetooth-capable device. The Bluetooth adapter for my phone will only work with my iPhone, but it's so thick that it almost makes me look like a thief. The adapter is also extremely heavy and difficult to carry when I travel and use it to charge my phone. If you like your phones slim and light, then this is for you. However, it's still the most expensive phone I've ever owned. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this item for the past 3 years and i have had the same issues with it. everytime the power light goes on its at full brightness so i have to turn the device off and back on over and over again until it turns off on its own, the battery drains fast and when its charged enough the light works but its always at full on which makes it hard to use it. ive replaced the power supply and charger on this thing and it worked perfectly the first day after i did. i still have my original one and i hope they fix it for the rest of us as i really can't recommend it.  Great product, just can't use it - June 28, 2013 by Anonymous user You really should consider this product. When i bought the first unit (about a year ago) it was great, and i kept it for about 6 months, until the light came on every time i turned it on, and started reading on it. The batteries were almost gone. I bought the second one just a few weeks ago (for the second time), and it is the same story. I keep replacing batteries every month or so. I would like to use the light but I can't, the batteries are dying.   My guess is that if you charge the batteries in parallel it should work, but i would like if this came with a manual and i could read it, and if there were instructions on how to turn it off on the USB port, that would be great.   in all this product is very good, but can't get the power to work. , May 25, 2013  Just bought this light last week for my new car. It is brilliant, and has been on the dash for days in the rain (well, it was, but it never turned off). I am very pleased with this purchase, and have recommended it to a friend who also bought it. You should try it, the price is right!  Very good light and price - April 26, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had an iStick for two months now, and so far I have been pretty pleased with it. I've tried a few other portable batteries for my ipod and this one is the best of the bunch. The first thing I noticed was that the battery pack for the lithium ion batteries is actually very simple to install. The batteries are packaged very well and a bit tight fit. I put a couple of batteries on the back of the battery box and it fits snug and secure. The pack fits well and doesn't move around much. I was also able to remove the batteries from the pack and replace them without too much trouble. It's a very simple and compact install.   The first thing that I noticed is that this battery is very powerful. I am using it with a cheap ipod mini and it still makes the ipod play very nicely. It is definitely very powerful for a portable. The battery itself is a bit thick but the battery case does the job quite well. I have also tried it with several ipods and it seems to hold up well. There is one thing that bothers me a bit. When you plug in the power the battery turns on a cool flashing red light, so I'm guessing that that's the way it's supposed to work.   The second thing I have noticed is the battery does not last that long. I normally have my ipods on for about 8 hours. The day I got this battery I used it for about 4 hours and then put it back in. I didn't want to change it so I went to the store and bought a new battery for a dollar. It worked great with my ipotam but when I wanted to use it again the battery is running down really quick.   in my opinion this battery would be better used for a phone or something with less battery power. The only good thing that i have to say about it is that it's compact enough to fit in a backpack and still have room to charge. I'm not sure how long it will last or how much battery power it will hold. I would recommend getting this battery for the ipods, but I don't think that you will be disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     "As a tech-friendly person, this is a bad choice. The remote is incredibly small and I can't use it to get into the laptop, so I can only type in the remote and leave my laptop with the keyboard plugged in. It also has no screen, so there's no way to tell the time.   "As a smart, tech-loving person, I can tell you I've only found one place that does not disappoint, and that is the Samsung Gear Live 2.  "  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 21, 2015  No remote control  by Michael from Phoenix AZ USA  Review: It is good. Just no remote control. Had to get a $20 one to use for my tablet.  My opinion: I'd prefer a smart remote. It would be nice to use as a smart home remote to control lights, air conditioner, oven, etc. I also prefer that the remote has volume buttons so I could adjust the sound.  "I don't like this one. If you are on the fence, just buy the smart remote."  I can't believe what I am reading here about the Samsung smart remote... It was supposed to be a remote that can be set to control your Samsung smart TV, Smart TV, DVD player, etc... but noooo, instead it is a remote control for the Samsung Galaxy tablet.... The tablet has no smart remote feature. I bought this to use it as a Smart TV remote. But I can find it on the internet to set the television volume and it can control my TV speakers. The phone app to call up the TV shows have been removed. So now you have to set up your TV speakers by ear or just by the remote app which takes forever and has no volume control... I am stuck with this stupid dumb remote that is useless. So I won't be buying this one again. I wish Samsung would buy back the smart TV remote app so we could have it back. -Mike
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone is the worst device i ever had. the screen is cracked in half! and when you turn on the computer it doesn't even boot up! when i took it back it was completely busted! if u buy it i would recommend to stay away from it  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was told that it could be used for a car radio, it came with the radio and speaker, but nothing more. I gave it a try and it was a joke. The wires were twisted together and the microphone just barely fit in the microphone jack. I was very disappointed!  Rated 3 out of 5 by Joe M. from The unit works fine when it's on my bike, but when I ride it off my bike its hard to keep it on. I thought of putting a battery on it and that might solve it, but then I noticed that the "charge" indicator on the unit on the charger is very off. And the light on it is off also. That seems to indicate that the charger isn't getting it charged fast enough, so I will probably never use this.  Customer service is not the best, however the service on their site is second to none. I bought this to add to my power strip, the unit is nice to have but unfortunately when plugged into the wall the charge on the power strip is a joke as well. After a couple of months and some charging the battery starts to lose it's charge, and it seems that every time I charge it the "current" indicator gets a little lower then the previous. I have a small house and with only two outlets in the house, I needed one to have power, so when I am off the bike the battery keeps running at full charge.  and to add insult to injury they don't carry it in the store
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The battery lasted only for 2-3 weeks, but I am really sad to say that the keyboard did not come with any kind of special features such as USB host support. This could have been an issue for the reviewer who did not have access to any computer. The battery did not last at all. If you are using the tablet as a digital tablet, you may want to consider another device such as the Microsoft Surface 3, which I have for review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this unit in January, I tried to use it and the screen is too bright and too wide, and it does not read a note from my friends.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item is a failure. I replaced it about 6 months ago with a Samsung Galaxy S4, and I have not been able to get it to work with my home router. It's the only thing working for me. Other than that, it's still a failure and should have been replaced the day it was delivered. Not sure how they made it this long without being shut down.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I ordered this product from a reputable company but the packaging did not arrive until I went back to my office, I called to find out it had shipped and the company called me back, I was expecting to get the device but instead they said that the courier did not have it and they had to deliver to me.  The poor handling and packaging did put the device at risk and the lack of communication resulted in a complete loss.   A poor quality product that will need a lot of work to repair. Rated 5 out of 5 by G4 from This is a great product and has done the job of charging my iphone and iphones at the same time, it has made charging my iPhone so easy, I never have to worry about the phone falling off or breaking, the iphon battery will last me at least 10 years, the charger that it comes with is also very good and works well, you cannot tell when the device is charging, but the charger keeps you safe from any unexpected charging issues, I would recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the first nandroid for a year and a half and it works perfectly so far, ive been using this for over a week and ive only had the problem of it not working, and that was a couple months ago, if the quality of these devices are good as they seem to be here, i would not even consider changing the battery. if you can live with having to plug it in all day everyday, and you dont really want to worry about replacing it with a new one for some reason, it is not worth it, but if its the last one you ever get, i am not mad, just disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this ipad since the 8gb version. it doesnt connect to my pc, so i couldnt transfer my files on the drive. so i bought the 16gb version and it works just fine. it isnt very fast at all but its not a big deal since i can still get a lot done. it also has a very small keyboard but it doesnt need it so its nice to have a nice size and keyboard too. the main problem i have with the product is the battery life... ive been using this thing for 6 months and it still has almost half its original charge left. it might be because i got it new but its the battery isnt really any good. it lasted me about 3 days just playing video games on it. it does have a built in charger but i was still trying to do an overnight charge so i would recommend this to those that want something with battery life but dont need the wireless features.  Rated 5 out of 5 by NanaNana from Fantastic purchase! I have had this device for a few weeks now, and I'm very pleased! I bought this to use on my tablet, and it is super convenient. It is a very high quality device and fits into a small space very well. I have used this as my primary computer for working on my documents and projects. For the price, I would recommend it to anyone!  From the review: I'm pretty happy with this device so far. It's a nice, thin, light (no, not super lightweight), and compact product. I've had it for a while now and I love it. I'll probably replace the battery soon, but for the price it's great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is just too small and it only holds two batteries. This thing is made for one large battery that you get with the kit. I didn't use this kit for too long and it failed to hold any charge.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 17, 2011  Very good, very good  by Paul from Oceanside CA USA  Pros: Small  Cons: Only 1 battery  Review: I use the light and the remote control. This is a good deal.  a little smaller than I thought but that is not a negative. The remote seems well designed and easy to use. If your wanting to get started you wont be disappointed.  is small and has great features.    Wasthis Review Helpful, what did you like best about this product?  It worked  By William from Santa Cruz CA USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have had a Garmin since 2005 and have loved it. I used to use a GPS that took up too much space in my bag. This unit is really small, fits in my pocket and works fine. It can not be used as a navigation device, since it does not have an ANT+ serial port to connect to a computer. I really hate the fact that they cannot use ANT+, they need to start making them with the right ANT receiver or I will have to find something else to use my Garmin.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried a few different brands of e-cigs and i hate them so much!!! when they don't work they end up with a dead battery, ive wasted over 500 on e-cig failures and now my old 2dr is dying too!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is probably the worst cheap computer I have ever seen, as I have had to repair 2 other cheap computers in the last 3 years. It is a complete waste of space. The screen resolution is too low, the processor is not powerful enough, the batteries last only 3 hours on the AC, and when the laptop is plugged into the wall, it takes 3 hours to charge. The batteries must be dead because they have no life at all. The keyboard is so hard to type on. I bought another one for my son that uses it in the same room. He hates it. I recommend getting a laptop with good specs. The price of this one is just too much money for a useless piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i had this for about 2 months. i used it as a timer for when i was asleep and wasnt expecting the battery to last so long i wouldnt charge it for more than about a week at a time. the device would randomly stop working after about a day or two. i have to have the battery replaced, and the battery is not included with the unit. so i had to buy a new battery myself. the battery will last a little longer. i guess i was lucky. the replacement battery is still not available and they no longer have any replacement units in stock.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, September 19, 2011  by Larry from San Jose CA USA  Review: I have had this unit for 5 years, and I must say, that this is my favorite timer, period. I have been using it to wake up at 6 am, and set it to alarm 5 times. It is so much easier to wake you up at 4 am than to wake at 6 AM. There is no "cliff" to go from wake up time to sleep time, because you know, you're going to get up. That is the biggest perk. I do wish it was a little bit smaller.  be aware of the light. Sometimes, the light is really bright. .  the only bad thing about this timer is that it is very easy to lose. you can't put it in a drawer, or hide it in the basement. I wish they would make it waterproof, but that would be a lot to ask.  was very happy with this unit   Was this Review helpful to you at all? Yes Very Satisfied  Great Product, but not reliable  By: Michael P from Fort Wayne IN USA - Purchased the timer in early September 2010.   I had been using my old one but was concerned that my new unit would be unreliable because my old unit had a lot of dead battery life.  .I installed this new unit in late September and am very happy. I had used an old one and found that it was easy to ruin due to the fact that the time set was so far.. It's too bad there is no way to reset it back to your set time.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have only purchased this item twice. It is terrible. I bought this unit on sale for $10. I do not know if there is a recall for this item or not but if there isn't, you have a huge defect with this item. You need to be able to see the label clearly in order to use this product. You also need to make sure that you don't leave the unit in your vehicle for extended periods of time. I have it set to a 3 hour timer on the power button and every day I leave it on the vehicle for 3 hours I go to work and I have to wait for it to come back on, this causes me to have to be at work when it turns back on. If it did not come on and I would not be able see that it has turned off, I may have waited an entire day for it, because it would have turned itself off. The light on the device goes out, so you have to turn it off in order for the light to come on, and that also takes the batteries out of the device, so they do not work. You get only a few hours with this device, and it takes an additional hour or more to turn on each day if you turn it on. I am giving it an A for now until I figure out why it is so useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this product since mid 2009 and was a huge fan, until the new update!  The buttons are VERY hard to press, they get mushy and then they start to vibrate.  It's so frustrating!    I had bought these to use for my baby's toys and she got sick of the loud noise the older model makes.   My friends bought mine to go along with the new iPhone5s and they LOVE IT!  Now they're taking the phone out of the purse and checking the status of each email on it.  I bought this so my baby wouldn't have to sit on her phone and read a book on the train!  I love the fact that she doesn't have her new phone out.  I bought this to go with my new iPhone 5s and my friends love it!  There is NO comparison between this and the old one!  It's not even close to the same size!!   The buttons on this are very hard to click and the vibrating is horrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The iPhone 4, which is what I use, had a software update on June 16, 2012, and the screen did not come back to normal. I had to purchase the "Retina Display Upgrade" to my iPad 2.   So here is what it looks like after I have it on my lap: http://i.imgur.com/yKtT6sR.jpg   Not only is it useless, it is extremely ugly and there is no reason why anyone would buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this item a couple of months ago and have had it for about a month now. I've been running it off my computer and i've noticed no sound coming out of it. Also, when i plug it in to my TV, the sound is too low and is not making a noise. Also i noticed the battery has changed colors, from green to purple to orange and it's not charging any longer. It doesnt sound too bad but i dont want to pay as much as i did for it just to be treated like this. I am going to buy a new one and i hope this one doesnt have problems like mine. I would really recommend this item if you're in a pinch and want to get something for cheap, but it might not be so good.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________ I would highly recommend a new tablet as it is so easy to use, fast, powerful, and has a very bright screen. One con is the weight, but this is easily solved by not having to carry a small hard-drive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I bought the Zebra D2 with the ZEITIQUEN kit for my son's 13 month old. I thought it would be great for him to be able to control the music and lights in the house by turning the volume on his phone. However, I couldn't believe the quality of the audio coming out of the stereo and the fact that I could not hear what was playing on my phone. It sounds so bad I can't even listen to the music through the stereo when I want to hear it. My daughter also bought it but she has not been able to use it either. It was supposed to be $99 so I don't know why they are charging so much money. My advice is buy it from somewhere that you can return it if it doesn't work out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this a few days now, and the battery life is terrible. i bought this because it was cheaper than the new, big name, battery packs. I have had this battery pack for 6 months now. ive had to charge it every day and put it in a usb- port. i don't have an outlet in my apartment. i'm trying to use this in my home and i can barely charge it for an hour. i've tried different usb- cables and the best they can do is charge it by 3/4 of the way. what the hell is up with this? ive used my phone all day and it charges in 30 min. ______________________________________________________________________________  Rated 3 out of 5 by Daxman from Works, but battery life can be a problem. I'm not sure about the warranty, but so far, it's been fine. I bought this battery to power my iPhone, but it's only lasted an hour and a half of full use before dying on me. It's not terrible. I just wanted to point out that my battery was a bit worn out. My phone was running at full speed and was only using about 20% of its battery when I bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Samsung Galaxy S5 is an amazing smartphone that has the same amazing camera as the Samsung Galaxy Note 4, but I don't recommend you buy it if you are a fan of the TouchWiz. I can't wait to get the Note 4 next year but this year I really hope the Galaxy S6 is the best Samsung device.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this product for my brother who has had a bad experience with a previous Bluetooth speaker he bought on ebay. He said it didn't work and he sent it back to get a refund. I bought this one and it also didn't connect to my phone. He wasn't able to play any music or make any calls.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, December 06, 2015  Works as advertised.  the product worked great and it comes with a power adapter. .  and also i could tell that the speaker has been used and the power cord and that the metal part was bent by the previous owner.  i am happy with my purchase and the warranty.    Was the review helpful to you?" yes (0) No (0), Not Helpful (0)</p></div>
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This is the very first thing i got with my credit card which was amazing but after the first two days the battery was flat, it has not been the same since. I think this is probably a problem because of the way i bought it as i did not read the manual which i got online. I ordered mine from a seller who promised to ship out within 24 hours of the order. I would have rated 4 stars but for the customer service i got on the phone when i contacted them. It did not take them over 2 weeks to call me back but at least they did call back. This is so frustrating and frustrating. It is supposed to be an amazing device but after a few days i get a flat battery and when i went to charge the next day it did not work for no apparent reason. It just will not charge, which really isn't that surprising as the battery is not rated for what it is being used for. I just can't say how good it looks and is but just hope that someone else out there might be able to find a solution for it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these things from ebay, and each time it has failed. ive have two in my house that dont work for over a year. one is still in working order and has a battery that still lasts more then 4 hours.  its a hs14v4 and was supposed to last forever.  this thing cant hold a charge and i have to keep pulling batteries out of the battery compartment and putting them back in the old one.   this device is useless for a camera or phone.  i have an ar10 cam and this thing wont work.  you can buy a second battery that takes up more space but its a waste of money for a dumb thing like this.  buy a real camera/phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use with my cell phone. The only good thing I can say about this is that the phone works better than it did on the old phone. It can be somewhat loud and I think the phone should have an ear bud attached to it or some sort of headset. It does not. My phone is running at a max of 5 watts so it's not too loud but it does not have a big voice quality like the ear bud would have added. The speaker is weak and there's not enough volume to hear what the phone is saying and it is very loud. I think you should get the full size version and don't get this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just bought this from amazon for £13 so i really expected it to work fine for the price. but i havent been able to test it as it doesnt seem to be in my house.   So far i can only download a very short email from my mobile phone using it as a wifi hotspot, also the camera isnt working.  'so i wouldnt recommend this device, i was expecting more from the price and i can see the quality of the device going down.  Amazing Product! Review by Michael. (Posted on 11/21/13) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality Just what I needed! I bought two of these because I couldn't afford the iPhone 4S and wanted to have a basic digital camera in my phone. I also needed to be able to take photos of my cat, dog and kids when they were out. They work great. No glitches and they were a little expensive but they work!  So much better than a regular digital camera Review by Tom. (posted on 9/30/13). Customer rating : Performance - Value  - Quality This is one amazing device!!! It is amazing quality, it's easy to use and you just can't beat the price! This device works really good with my iPad and it's very convenient and very easy to set up and use with my iPhone as well.   it does take a few times to get to some shots that you need to do but the amount of great photos and high quality images is awesome  Excellent Value Review by KEVIN. (added on 3/20/13)- Customer rating 4.9.  and a great camera for the money!   I love it! It's easy for my 3 year old son to use, and I can see what he's taking!   the battery is great, but don't leave it plugged in and it will stop charging.  the photos are awesome and so clear!  on my iPad, I can zoom in, and the quality is awesome!   on my camera I'm in a different room, so I can't see the viewfinder as clearly, but you can see it if you zoom in enough. The only thing I wish it had was the camera light.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My electronic device is not working in a way it was supposed to work. I received this as a gift, and I like it quite a lot. It is a little small for a desktop computer, but it is a nice compact device that works great with my old laptop computer and the small LCD screen is very nice to read the screen when in dark places. My only issue is that I cannot make it to the USB port when my computer is off. I have tried all the ports but the one that goes to the computer is always on and won't turn off, so it is always there, which means if I don't put it to my computer off when it is on, it can be used to charge the battery for my cell phone. If I put it off, and turn the computer on again, it doesn't work. I am quite annoyed with this device and would really love for this to work when my laptop is on the dock. Was this review helpful? Yes No I would recommend this product to a friend! It works for all my needs. I like the way the batteries works out of the box and the LCD screen keeps the information on my screen. It's very easy to use. I would recommend it to a very friend of mine. He needs a new computer as his old computer is on its last leg. The batteries last forever so he doesn't have to wait. He does not have any problems with it or with the batteries. He just can't find the place to put it all in one place on his computer. Thanks! Was there a good part you could not do? I'm looking for a new keyboard and can't seem to find one. I'm new to the technology but was able to fix a keyboard. When you're ready to order your new keyboard, I can help you get started and send you the keyboard you're looking for. To learn more, email: mrvlad.sanchez@gmail.com I ordered it as a holiday gift for a friend. It looks great! He was not disappointed. We received the gift at the beginning of January, and have used it very recently. The screen is clear and bright. The keyboard and mouse are not working right and there are some minor scratches on the inside of the unit, which makes me wonder if they will even last a few more months. The buttons also do not work, and we're trying to figure out how to
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed with my first attempt at using my Samsung Galaxy S4. I didn't know how to use it, nor did I have the proper skills to install the updates. I went through multiple attempts at re-installing updates and downloading over 200 apps in order to get it working before it died (it died the first time I tried to connect it to my computer, but I thought it was a glitch). I tried this Samsung, my cousin's, another cousin's Samsung. The only reason I kept it was for the S Voice features that came with it (and I liked that too, but my Samsung S2 still does a better job). But for the most part, this unit was terrible. I couldn't do anything but make it reboot a few times before the thing died. I did manage to get my cousin to buy it though and I'm not bitter about it. If you're in the market for one, avoid this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  '07 XTS: 2.5, 2.0, 2, 0.5 & 1.0  P10 Plus, F10 Plus & XB25 Plus: 1.6, 1.8, 1, 2  E10 Plus: 3.0 & 3.5  -Sonic-E30, E30-P30, XB250: 2 & 1
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 months now and i hate it. i bought this because it was supposedly the newest and best at the time. i have it on my desk and i use it as a phone, tablet, and laptop all at once. it's very noisy. i use a different computer every time i'm on it. you have to crank it all the way up to hear it at max volume. the only times i've even looked at it is when i'm going to bed and when i need to talk to my grandma on speakerphone. it just doesn't work for me and is not worth the $80.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Lohar from Very good for the price and it's got a lot of features at a great price. Good to have all of this extra features for the money.  of the four, i am not completely satisfied with it. but is very good for what it is. the volume is good but the sound can be very annoying. . ,,,i am not entirely satisfied with this laptop but it is still good. the key to get this laptop working in most situations is using the USB type C port to connect to any external device that you have plugged into the USB port. this is the only way you will be able to connect with an external hard drive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was extremely disappointed with this purchase. I bought this and a 2nd monitor to replace a 20$ LCD monitor, that was too small for my needs, but at least it worked. However, it just never worked. It has no way of determining the type of input you put into it, so when I did use it, it got very hot and didn't like changing inputs. It's just kind of slow when it does recognize it's input, so if I have to do a lot of inputs, like video, or sound it seems really slow and clunky. It also takes some time to set up. I have a hard time believing I paid $200 for this, that's a lot, and the 2nd one that came with it is the same price as a Samsung 20$ monitor. This one doesn't even come with a remote, I have it already, that makes it even worse. It had to be bought by me, and I think I paid a lot more than that for it. It wasn't worth the $200 to me. I could get a great monitor for a lot cheaper.   This is a bad product. It works, but I will not be purchasing another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is one of the worst    I have ever used.   The battery life was really bad, I had to recharge twice.  I've tried to replace it   with a   other   but it never work.  My   phone is now 3 years old and I cannot use   anything because of this   defective   i.  It is really hard to change the battery when it is so long    Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about WELL FIT AND WELL PERFORMED MODULAR BATTERY for SONY PCH-S9000 Series Mini PC (Color: Red) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  of 0 Total Questions Asked
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The charger is extremely cheap, very poorly made and the connector doesn't last very long (I had it for about 5 months), the cable is also not very good. Other than that it works pretty well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My iPhone 6s is now one of the oldest I own (2 years old). I have to turn off my phone, put it back on, turn on, and back to off before I can use it again. Also, I'm not sure what my exact issue is but it seems that every time I use the app, there is a short delay on the screen being turned on (in a similar manner to the battery level display on the iPhone 4s). I just want to get this solved asap and as an example to anyone else. I've heard this is a common problem that has been resolved with this and other similar applications.   Thank you for looking into this.  ,  Sam
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using my new XBox One for about a month now and have no issues with the games. The games work well and are not stuttering or freezing, just smooth. One thing to note is that the battery life is terrible. Every time I play a game my phone dies. The battery life of my old xbox one is over a day and a half. It's also quite slow to boot up and shut down. Other than that the gaming is a huge plus. My only problem is that I've had to get a new charger for it now because it was just sitting there, charging forever. The XBox is very sleek and doesn't take up much space. I love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst case of hardware that I have ever had. It would take 2 or 3 tries to install it. The case is flimsy and if I were a dog it would have been useless. It has a huge black plastic panel on the back and a piece of black plastic and plastic that covers the micro USB and the battery (which is on the other side). The top of the panel is made of a cheap feeling plastic so you can feel every single screw to the panel. I have tried to repair this, but can only get it in one piece. This is a piece that you can't just drop in and start using. I had to make my own bracket and screw everything in place. I am now considering just buying a new one. If it works at all I would buy it again but the fact it doesn't work is not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************  This is by far the worst piece of crap that i have used.  I was so excited to buy this little baby! I just got it home and put it together to make sure everything worked, then turned on the TV and it worked fine!  Then i opened it up and plugged in my wireless internet modem. What a mess! 'set' cable went into the back of the TV's USB port and i plugged in the wireless internet adapter. , where it actually did not connect to the computer at all! , i tried everything to no avail!  The cable was unplugged and i got very disappointed, i thought i must have lost it. . When i put it back together and started watching TV the TV wouldnt connect to my computer. I thought the tv would not show up on the web site. This thing really sucks! I am so disappointed in this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* I bought this amp for my 12-channel pedal kit (Guitar Pro, Guitar Pro 2, Fender Twin Reverb, MXR Carbon Copy, and many more) The Amp comes with a 2 amp circuit so its quite different from the normal pedal board I use for my pedals. I got it, got it working and had some trouble getting it to work. I think the amp will work for some people, but I wasn't expecting it to be that way, and I was wrong. First of all, the power cable is too short, and the 3 way plug on the back of the amp is too long. I tried plugging the power cord in and the amp would not turn on or run. The amp has an adjustable gain knob, the knob is a mess, the tone pot is too big and far to the right. I have a lot of pedals with very small pots, like 2 pot pedal controllers, but this amp has the same thing. The volume control is way too small and way too far to left. The effect button on the front is also too small. The switch on the amp has no switches or anything on it. The switches on the switch board work ok, but the front of the switchboard is just a mess of wires. The tone knob also looks like it is just glued onto the knob. I thought I was going to have a long life with this amp, but it was a total let down.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this device, expecting a cheap, but useful little machine, but I was sadly disappointed!  It came with 3 cables (power, ground, and data), which you plug into your USB port, but they aren't balanced, and I had to get the third one balanced because the other two didn't have enough power to power the processor, which is the only reason I got it.  It is very difficult to use this device for anything but playing games, since it doesn't do anything else.  I would suggest buying a USB Hub to use with it for other things, like a PC or an audio/video receiver.  My mother in law is a gamer, and the processor will be used for her games, and probably some of mine, but my games will not be much use to her, so I wouldn't recommend this machine.  Pros: - Very cheap - Cheap - Good graphics - Small - Does more than just playing games - Cons: - Only has 4 USB ports - Doesn't do any other stuff - Poorly balanced! - Poor build quality - Low battery life
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first e-reader, and I didn't really know what to expect. I was given a very large e-ink screen with no buttons or anything. I didn´t know at first, but when I got used to it, it felt like a book, not a phone. However, I´m still not happy with the e-paper screen. It is so tiny that it´s impossible to find something to grip in my hand and keep it firmly on the surface. I just let it fall off my desk every once in a while, and it is still pretty fragile. I´ve had my iPad 2 for about 3 years, and the screen seems to be just as good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought at least 8 of these for my family of 3. The battery life is amazing, and we get through a lot of videos. Theres just one problem...they don't last very long. 2 years or so and they need a new battery. The first one had a dead battery, which i thought was the problem. But they replaced it and now its the battery. ive had several in the last couple years and they all are gone. it is not the phone battery but the battery inside the charger.  it is the exact same part and the problem is in the small electronic device not the smartphone.  i think they should charge for a little longer before throwing them away. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is terrible.   It works and then it falls apart.  I bought a second one because it works but I was disappointed after I used it for my second computer and it would start working but then it would crash every 5 minutes.  It is so bad that I bought the new MacBook Pros and they work great.  My new MacBook is going to be a Macbook Air. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This was my first electronic device and I was so excited to be playing games with it. Unfortunately, it is very hard to use as a controller and its design and construction is so awful I will probably never buy another Nintendo console. Also, the batteries only lasted for two hours of gameplay!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I am very disappointed with this watch. I bought this watch thinking that it would be a good investment for my wife since she is an accomplished computer user. Unfortunately, it takes a lot longer for her to read my email than it does to watch the watch. She says that it's because she has to turn the watch on in order for it to show her emails. My other concerns are that the wrist band on the watch is flimsy and the watch has a lot of flaws that don't make it worth it. ---------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got the iphone 4s and the bluetooth was terrible. I've owned a iphones for a few years now and never had any issues with it. The bluetooth is always on even when the phone is off and I couldn't even find it in the settings to turn it off but that can be easily done. It just can't be used properly.   This is my 4th iphony and this iphon4s is just terrible. It only lasted 1 month so I can't give a good rating about this apple device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a cheap little toy for those who have the idea in mind of buying a toy for their dogs, but never thought of buying one themselves. The toys work OK. The only issue i have is that the squeaking from the toy gets annoying if i take it out of the box and play with it for a while, and the squeak is not a high pitched one. i got this toy as a Christmas present, so it was very inexpensive, but i can't think of anything else i can compare it to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This keyboard has a great sound. I've tried so many and none has ever come close to the sound of this one. It has a little weight, but it's still very lightweight. I use my computer everyday and for all my non typing stuff, I still prefer the real thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for months, and it fails, then it fails again, then again, and again. now im on a new device with a better processor and battery. i cant believe i bought this!!! i cant even tell if it is working anymore. i hope it works before i get sued. ive lost money, time, and frustration on this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________________ I bought this to replace an old iphone 4g. The phone is good, but the phone case is garbage. It has a cheap cheap cover with a flimsy plastic strap. It doesn't hold anything, but makes me look like a dork with the stupid phone in my hand. I will never buy another case from this company again. It is cheap and it makes you look like crap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************  I was really excited to get the Nox App, but after using it for only a couple days it is now my new iphone.  The screen resolution is great. The touch screen is very responsive, and even if I accidentally bump into a wall or something, the app handles the damage. The battery life on it is amazing.  I just use my iphones for reading and texting.  And if I want to watch a movie, I can just plug the nox in and be done with it.    The only problem I have with the app is that the notification options don't make sense to me.  It is so frustrating that there is no way to put notifications on the top bar, for example. It also only shows one or two apps at a time, not the whole house.  So the app sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If i had to choose between the VTR-1000 and the VX-1000, i wouldnt hesitate to say the VTL-1000 because the VTX-1000 has a much more detailed picture. but the VV-1000 was very difficult to get it to work on my DVR, and my DTV was a Toshiba TC-8078  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 11, 2014  Good VX1000, Bad Video Signal (DVR)  by Anonymous from Westborough MA USA  Pros: Good video quality, good sound Cons: Poor quality on VTR cable  I recently bought this device, mainly because I like to listen to movies on my computer (with DVR) and this VX has a lot of good features. The VTR/VTR-VTX output is only able to use the signal on one end. However, there is no way to tell which signal you want to use for your audio/video.  However, the video and audio quality are good. I haven't had problems with the picture quality.  as far as signal strength, the Vx1000 works well but the video signal is very poor on the Vtx-1000. I think that the signal is bad because it was coming from my TV. If I use a different TV, my TV's signal quality is still good (just at a lower frequency).  So far, so good.  is a good unit, but I can only recommend it to those who do not need a lot from the VCR.  and to all of you who have trouble getting it to function: I found that it works best if the VIR-1, RCA to RCA adapter is in your car (the plug is too long for the Vtr's cable).   Was my response: Thanks,   You did a great job in your description.  "The VTR or VTR vTX output can only use the VDR on one set. If you would like to use both sets, you need the RCA plug to RVI converter. You can get one here." I was hoping that was the case, since this converter came with a DVDR, but, no, it doesn't. I'm going to get one soon so I can do my VTR recording.  in my VX100, I have a TV antenna adapter on my V
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this as a way to improve the sound quality of my sony psp.    It works fine and the sony usb input works flawlessly.  I use it for my iphone iphones, ipod ipods, and a pdod.  The sound quality is just so much better on my psp's and iphonods. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device has not been working for over a year now. I have tried everything to fix it.  This is my first device of mine.  It was only to get a video game and the app didn't work.  I tried a different app to solve the problem.  The video was cut off and after trying it out for a day. I returned it. The next day the video would not load. It was time to go to Best Buy and see what they would offer me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I got this to replace my old wireless router that gave me constant interruptions and dropped connections. I use the wifi on my phone and my laptop for internet. This thing is very loud. I keep my laptop under a blanket, but this is pretty loud. The sound is really awful when the router is on. I am disappointed. I will not recommend this product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Joe from Works ok as a wired network connection I purchased this to connect to my wireless internet access. It was easy to connect and I don't have to unplug it every time I want to connect a device. It is loud however if you are near walls. I connected to my old router. I don' have to worry about it. I have used this to make a wireless keyboard and mouse. It works ok, but when using a keyboard, the keyboard would be too loud so I bought another one and that works fine. I would say I would recommend this device to my friends.  the only thing i don't like is the fact that i have to make 2 trips back to the store because it won't be here for 2 hours, when i bought the item and i was excited to get it. i really like how much you can use it without buying additional devices that aren't necessary to use your internet. 1st time use of this device  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My daughter had the unit, as well as the "Casio Powerbook 100/100N". I've never owned a "PC" before, so I was a little nervous. I was very pleased with my decision, as I could use the phone on my PC, and the mouse on my laptop, on the same screen. The battery life on the laptop was decent, and I'd heard that the phone was pretty "sick" in terms of battery life, so my concerns were allayed. However, the mouse was a complete joke. After a couple of weeks, the plastic on the buttons became warped, and then, the whole thing went to hell. After more than a year of abuse, I'd had enough. I tried to return it, and it was returned to me as new (I was also returning the old one to get a new battery, because I was running the PC off the battery on the phone). I would NOT recommend buying this product. I've purchased it only to use it as a media player, and to play a small game. I don't really need a device to do that. The "Powerbook" looks nice and sleek, and makes the laptop look like a real computer, but I really don't need it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year and i just bought it today to replace my old one. the old one didnt even last one full day. the screen went blue from playing on it, and i wasnt even close to my computer, i had just started playing it at 6:00 pm. i thought this thing would last a lot longer, but then my old battery went dead about half an hour after i got it. its now been 7 days and its still just like when i got the old battery out of it. i'm sure if the battery wasnt the problem, there would have been no problem.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: oemkane
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    One of the most frustrating problems I have with my PC is the fact that my hard drive is failing.   It gets to be the hard part that I have to keep working and my PC still keeps running.  It happens so often, so I just get more and more frustrated with it and I just hope it gets fixed soon so I can get on with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a poor choice for someone who is interested in taking the leap to an electric guitar, but isn't sure if they want a preamp or a tube amp. I didn't find a suitable replacement until I found a cheap copy of this that I thought had better circuitry. I got it and it works perfectly. It just wasn't the right amp for my needs. I can't believe that I'm going to pay $500 for this thing, and probably more. For me, the tone is just OK, and the volume and power supply are poor quality. 4.5/5 stars I like the idea behind this amp, and I think it's great value. I also liked the idea of using my laptop to control the amp. But I had the wrong amp, I guess. The tone is not the sound I was looking for, or the quality of the design was bad. I think that this is a better choice for the beginner, but it's not the right choice for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am very disappointed in the sound and features of the new iPod touch (3rd gen).  I used to have a very good one but lost it in the process of upgrading to the new Apple.  I still have a high end Sennheiser headphones and I love them.   If you are looking for a quality audio device that can easily be upgraded, please do not bother with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for two weeks and it isnt working the way it should. It wont switch off. i have to press the button to turn it on. The sound is not loud or clear. It has a few other flaws. I would rather not return it because i cant find anything that will replace it. I hate to have to tell you this but this is the worst gadget that i have ever purchased, even though I know that it has to be one of the least bad of its kind on the market. ive tried to make it work but its just not working.    i recommend staying away from this and keep a good backup.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! It would be great if i could read some books with the ereader but it is very difficult to control the battery when a book is opened.   If i have any problems i would be very grateful for your assistance   BEWARE!!!  This is the 1st e-reader I bought and I have to say it works GREAT. i love it! it is simple to read and my son loves to read. the only bad thing I can say about it is that it is a little heavy to hold the batteries for 2 hours or so and if you let go it will start shaking and moving and you have to hold it for a bit to let it cool down. Overall a GREAT product!  A bit noisy, but that could be solved by a stronger battery. I bought this with the goal of reading books while doing yard work. It's fine for those chores. My issue is that the books are really difficult to turn to page. They are really loud and the light on the screen is really weak. I just read a few pages and they are really slow to turn. I'm also a little annoyed that the light turns on when there's enough room in front of it.   the screen has a strange vibration that seems to be connected to my TV, so it's annoying on other things.   A more powerful battery would be nice, but for the price I don't think I'll be buying another ereader any time soon.  's just fine'  I've been using the device for about 3 months. I love it, it is light and compact but I have found that I need a strong battery to be able to read longer books. The other complaint I have is that when it vibrates, it seems to go on even if there is still a lot of light in the screen. I can't say that it's a deal breaker but I don,t know if there are other things that could make this less distracting. Overall it's really great, very convenient, but I feel like I need to buy more batteries to be honest.  Very happy, but needs batteries! I've been buying this with my daughter's birthday for a couple months. It was fun, and fun was only the start. The one problem that I have, is the batteries were very limited in the amount of power they gave me. It is not too bad to read books for an hour or so, but with one book and the battery running
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The battery is about to run out, how can I turn the power off? _________________  Troy, Texas, USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------  This is one of the worst things I have ever done with my life.  It had all of the features of a decent phone but they were all sub par, if it worked at all. This phone was not only expensive but over priced.  "When it works it works" you might as well forget it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- Just bought it and was not very happy. ---------------  I love the product --------------- I use this thing for a month now, it keeps everything in my office in check and all in one place ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ --------------- - I had one of these for almost 5 years, and it kept giving me a bad signal for some reason. ------------ - I am getting another one, but this time it seems that the signal can get worse without my having to do anything. -------------- - It has gotten so bad that I had to take the entire unit apart to get my signal fixed. ------------- - I also have one of the ones that is now useless, but I will say that when it came out of warranty it was $80. --------------- I would not buy this, I've had so many of these and they've all just died now. ------------------------- - I have had one for 6 years and it's giving me bad signals now - but I don't know what it is that's making it so bad. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ - I got this device on sale for $29.99 and i can't believe how well it works ~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~ - i have a couple of these i bought on a whim to get on the go ~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a terrible product. I bought it to go on a camera that I already have, but it is not working right and is completely out of warranty. I had to buy another one just to replace this one.  I bought the one that was supposed to work with my camcorder. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this item is the WORST!!! not one good use, one use, i can imagine someone taking it apart, using it like a screwdriver or a piece of junk, and screwing something in place.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  In the end, it didn't do enough for me.  It was a good way to get started.  It's a good tool to play on a phone, but not so good when used on a computer or on a TV set.   I was also using an old TV remote so if you are looking for that, it's probably not the best way to go.  I'm looking to replace it with the Panasonic remote, and will also be looking into the Garmin remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over 2 years now it doesnt work for more then a month but the warranty is great.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When i got this i thought it was a very good looking and well made USB flash drive. It was when i got it that I realized its very poor quality. All of the buttons were very mushy and mushy felt. I have no idea why but that is the worst thing about this USB drive. I would not recommend it at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ The XE300 is a decent all rounder but the battery life is bad and it is not very powerful. I bought it for the price as i bought a second one to use for the same purpose and its working great and only the price. If it wasn't for the battery it would be perfect. The price is also too low for what you get, especially the battery. Also it is hard to get a good connection to your phone. But i bought this because i was having issues with my own phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------I was very skeptical about the electronic watch I got but found it to be very reliable and the functions are really useful. I'm impressed with the speed of the display. The watch is very simple to use but still has a great amount of functions. If you're not into tech but just looking for a good timekeeping device, this will do the trick for you.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device since mid october last year and i had it until the end of march. i can tell you this thing is really bad, i mean really bad. not only was the internal battery really crappy but so is the external battery. if you are using it with your pc you are going to have a bad time, just to be clear if you buy this device its going to cost you at least £200. and you are probably going to end up with a device that wont play your games. i have to admit there are other products from another manufacturer that are better but the quality of this device was bad, if you do buy this buy a battery pack for it that costs around 10 pounds and just use a normal usb cable. and make sure you dont put the phone under extreme heat.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased an iPhone 6 Plus and had it in 5 days. The phone was great, and was ready for a major upgrade in a few days. On the way out of the store, the device went silent. I ran a new battery and it worked for the next 3 days and I am now using my iphone 6 Plus for the first time and I can say that I am really satisfied.   (Posted on 4/9/2015)  This product works for my phone   Bought this product for my old smartphone. The new phone went straight into the old one and I still have access to all the apps.  It's very simple to set up and the phone runs as it should. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    They worked perfectly for a couple of months. Then they broke. They have been replaced four times.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've had this computer for about 2 years and it works well with the monitor that comes with it. I've had no problems with the speakers.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, November 07, 2009  It works and is fast  by John from Springdale AR USA  Pros: Worked perfectly  Cons: None  Review: Working perfect  Had to download from ebay.com as other sellers only sell it as a used item  Great customer support.   Was This Review Helpful? YesNo Wednesday, August 24, 2009
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for about 3 months now, and i can only rate it as low as 3.5/5. i got this for my husband, who is a software developer. the most frustrating part of using this device is that it takes a good 5-6 seconds for the device to be booted, and it takes 2 or 3 seconds for it to come up after it's been booted. the only way to get the device up and running is to go through the setup process once it's booted, then follow the manual to configure it. not only that, when the device finally comes up after being booted, it will not even recognize the network it's on! there are several things that need to be fixed in order for the internet to work, and all of them are easy fixes. but because this thing took so long to boot up, i couldnt get the internet up, for 2 days! so i called customer service, but they wouldn't help me, they didn't know how to fix this thing either. i was so annoyed that i just gave up on this thing, and got the iLife Manager from a competitor. it took about 2 days to get it up and i had the same problem when i went through the manual setup, but i fixed it by following the steps on their website and i got my internet up. but, that iLife manager device is more advanced. you can't even get the computer to load on it. i really want a smart phone for my wife, but she's only 5. she could really use this thing more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________   For starters, I was extremely disappointed by the customer service I received after purchasing this device. I called the company because I had trouble logging into my account because I'm a customer support rep for a very large company. They had no problem providing me with the info I needed, and were able to have it work for the next several days.   Now I must admit, I really liked the fact that it was so compact. I knew that most computers have an onboard hard drive that is very hard to see and use. I'm used to being able to see it easily on an external drive. And it does have a USB port on it, so I have that on hand for plugging in external devices (which I do a lot of).   But the first time I plugged it in to a Macbook Air, it was impossible to get in. It would not recognize it and said that there was no hard drive. I tried plugging it into another computer, and it worked. It worked for a few hours, then after a little while, it would not even recognize the computer anymore.   to make things worse, it turned off the computer. Not only did it turn off the Mac, it also turned off all the other computers on the network. I ended up calling my local office and they got me to reset the computer back to it's original state. They called back and told me to return it. It was only 5 dollars, so why wouldn't I?   Well, I just returned it yesterday. After a few days of testing and trying to get the computer to recognize my mouse, I realized that the mouse does not have a plug in connector. I took out my mini usb plug from my keyboard and tried it. Still couldn't get in the computer!!! They told me that this is an old model and they don't want to take any responsibility because they sold it to the manufacturer and not the person who made it.  , I could of swore I had a defective product but I could not test it because the device does not recognize the mouse! This is completely unacceptable, this should of been fixed when they shipped the device.     All in all, I would not recommend this product to anyone. I am extremely disappointed in the support and customer service provided.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________ The camera has two modes (one with a flash and a non-flash mode) and is very sensitive to battery voltage. If the battery is down (more than about 7-10% of battery) it will not take a picture. It also cannot take video. I will be taking pictures with the flash mode. I would not recommend this device to anyone who wants to use it as an electronic camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a huge fan of the HP Envy x360, but after using this tablet I am very disappointed. It has the same resolution as my x360 and it is very disappointing it's just not the same, not even close. I have tried a couple other tablets, but this one just doesn't do the same thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having issues with my old laptop having audio that would sound like it was coming from my tv, i tried to fix the problem with the usb cables i got from amazon but that doesnt do anything and the sound comes from the tv with the cables, ive even tried hard resetting it, but it still sounds the same, and i can't get the audio from the laptop back to my tv... ive already replaced all the cables and the old motherboard but still cant get the sound back on the tv
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for the past couple months and the first month i was happy and then a week after i heard of this ive had an issue with it that i couldnt figure out, it wasnt that i couldn't get it to work it was that i wasnt able to even get it up and running properly. i am a computer tech and this thing is the WORST ive ever used. my computer works with this thing but that is it, ive ordered another one to use it with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I purchased this to replace my previous PC. I use an external mouse/keyboard for my work and when I upgraded to Windows 10, my mouse was broken and it was time to replace it. I have been running this mouse for almost two years now and it works great. It has two button so the buttons can be used for different functions like scrolling and pausing etc. I highly recommend this mouse to anyone that uses a computer as their main one. It is very cheap and simple to set up. Just make sure the button(s) are in the right order as the one button doesn't function properly unless all are set properly.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes (0) No (0  No thanks! Report this review Verified buyer Pro Privacy ON (login to see reviewer names) on March 21st, 2016 I was really looking forward to the bluetooth version of this mouse, but I can't say I was impressed with it. First off, the mouse is a very big, heavy and ugly mouse. Second, the Bluetooth connection just doesn't work for me. I can make a connection but it doesn't connect to my phone. Third, my only problem is that it's very hard to use for my purpose as a business guy. I've had a computer with a USB keyboard for a long time and have been using it for my business. I just don't like having to pull out my old keyboard, which I don't even want to do anyway, and use a Bluetooth mouse. When I'm away from my computer, I've already got an external bluetooth keyboard so I'm using that.   All in all, I wouldn't recommend this as a good option for the money. I would go with the usb version or the original wireless version if you're going to invest in this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i got it for my girlfriend for a birthday but the only problem i have is the usb charger and it doesnt work...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I own an iPhone 4. The phone works great but the screen is very dim and not bright at all.  I do all of my work on an iphone 3g so I don't need as many features, but I use this phone for reading email and watching movies, and even with the screen being a little dim and the colors not so vivid (I've been told this is normal with the iPhone 4) it is a pain to look at.          Customer Service:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you have been looking for a device to use in your home theater, but it has no Dolby surround sound and is not available in your country, this is the one. I am able to get it working right now and it sounds like it is supposed to. It has a long cable and I would like it to be a little smaller to fit my home theater. If you need surround sound then this is not for you.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes (0) No (0%)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for about a week and im just so disappointed that its still not working.. it always seems to get hot, the batteries just run out and the whole unit just gets junk..  Rated 5 out of 5 by JG88 from Very good This is the first digital camera that I've ever had and I'm very happy with my purchase! I like the picture quality, the features are good and I can take pictures with ease.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this from Amazon.com and I love it, but it does have some very bad qualities:  1.    The screen is not bright enough for reading documents on the computer screen.  The screen is very dim.  You cannot see what is on the screen. This is an inconvenience if you're in a public place.  When you're at work, you can use this as an external monitor, but if you work in a classroom, this will get very expensive very quickly.  2.  In my opinion, the power cable is not good, it is too short and doesn't have a proper plug.  It has only 2 pins which I found too weak for my computer.  They are just so short and the connectors do not fit well.  These connectors are very hard to get in and out of the device.  I have to go out and buy another cable from Amazon to connect to my computer because they don't fit.  If you buy it from Amazon, get a good power cable.  This is a very disappointing purchase.   3.    The battery life is terrible.  As far as I can tell, the battery does not hold charge over a full day of use.  To run it all day I have had to take the battery out, replace the battery and put it back in.  That is a huge waste of money.   I can only say that I used this for a little over a week and it barely lasted all day. 4.  It does not have a keyboard, it doesn't even have a mouse.  With the keyboard, you would be able to type on the keyboard easily.   It would also be really convenient if you had to use the keyboard to type in emails and have to type out messages in a different application.  For this, the mouse would have been more helpful. The only good thing about this is that the battery can last for a long time and you have other functions and shortcuts that you can set in the OS.   But for this price, I would have expected it to be a lot more stable. Overall, I like the keyboard on the laptop, but the battery life sucks so much that I can't use it for more than half of the day.  Other than that, I'd give it 2 stars because of the keyboard.  But the poor battery life really puts it at a 5 star rating.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** On a Friday afternoon, I used my smart phone to make a purchase from the online store. The store was closed and my credit card was not working. I had to call the store, which has an extended warranty, and a lady there found my card, which had a previous use (a purchase) on it. I bought an external hard drive, which came with a software DVD, and that was supposed to be connected to my phone. I have had my phone for about one year, so it was a bit rusty when I plugged it in. No luck, but she was very helpful, and the product came out to be about $60. I returned it, and now I need to get a new external harddrive. So if you are thinking of going to this store, you have to have a good attitude and be ready to have problems. They are great in the early morning, but in the evening the phone lines seem very bad.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried this a couple times and its a crap device. you cant do much with it but it doesnt do anything. ill be back to try another model.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 27, 2012  Great Product, Very Nice Software and Service By Ryan from West Valley City Utah  Pros: The unit is very solid, very nice to handle and to set up  Cons: The firmware on this is not very good and does not update, I've had mine for about 2 weeks now and it still says it was last updated.  of course this is my first smart phone, I would like a better firmware,  I have to say I am very impressed with the quality and usability of this unit. You have to keep the battery topped off if you get the charging cable from here or you will be shorted. The software is very nice, very easy to set-up and works. The price is a little high but for what you get it is a good value.  in the future I would recommend having a backup battery for this phone as they have a bad habit of shutting off after you charge it. . ,very small, simple user interface and works well, very quiet. I have a good experience with this unit  was recommended to me by my friend who had it and it works very well  Overall I would say this is a great product.  or a good product for that matter.  will be buying another in the near future.  the firmware updates are good and the phone is quiet  Thanks,  the unit has the android operating system but the software is not the best.   Was This Review Helpful? Yes Yes Tuesday, May 30, 2012 6:54 am  This is a must buy  by Anthony from New York New York  Review: This is a MUST buy product. If you have the phone you can't go wrong with it. The ease of use of this device is amazing. I use it as my work phone. Works great and is very well built.  to be honest I was in the market for a second cell phone, and when I heard this one I knew I had to have one.  is is a solid phone but the phone has the potential to be better in a couple of ways. I don't get the "battery life" so it doesn't hold a charge that much longer, and the battery
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "I can always find something better to do than to talk about how slow a printer is." - Ron Howard
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! This product has failed after 4 months! The product is too noisy for my wife to use it, it also has a very high chance to freeze up and break if not taken care of properly. I cannot recommend this product!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gg_ from Worked great for 2 years My first time purchasing an Apple product and was pleasantly surprised. This device has worked great for me. I use it as a camera on the computer as a secondary display and it makes perfect video to take. Great device, great price.  From the first time I plugged in my old MacBook Pro, to my first use of the new iMac i7 computer, to using my iPad Pro (with Retina display), I've noticed several things about the iPad Pro that make me happy about it: The new high resolution display, for video and pictures. The high resolution photos. The new Retina Display, which I've used with other tablets in the past. It has everything I need in a tablet, which is probably why Apple made it bigger. The only thing I wish they'd done was add the Touch ID. But even if Apple added it, they still would be missing out on the iPad's biggest feature: Its ability to work as a digital notebook or personal assistant. And since it's not really designed for that (yet), I can see why Apple might not have added it (yet). But if they had, I'd definitely have an iPad Pro. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just purchased the iphone 4s and I can only give it 2 thumbs up. It is so tiny, it fits in the palm of my hand. I have tried the 5s and iphones 2 and 3 and I cant seem to get anything but static out of them and the 4s has static too. the 4 is so thin I cant even see the display. the 5 is a bit thicker but it has so many better features and does more. the ids are too small. i have had my iphon 4 for 3 weeks and am so sick of all the battery problems it has. the power light is on and on and off, it is impossible to get any juice out. if this wasnt a cheap little unit you would think it would be broken and they have to make more? I dont think so. Ive had the idiom phone and it is just as bad and I have no problems with that. Im looking for a better phone and dont want to spend a lot on another one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device to buy but there are some drawbacks such as the low quality of the keyboard, the fact that it only works on Windows and MacOS, and it is really hard to find. The first drawback is probably the worst one but for most people it is not an issue.  Also, it doesn't have a built in mouse, the only way to use it is with an external mouse like the Logitech MX518, it also doesn't come with an usb port or a mic jack, so you will have to buy one of those.   There is also the lack of a mic, but I really can't imagine using an external mic for voice recording for the job. Overall, this is a good device for a basic notebook and you can buy it for less than the price of a good keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The iStick has a great range of features and functions but it needs better firmware. It only works in two modes and one of them is not very convenient. When the battery gets low you have to use the mode button and then use the magnetic "quick charge" function to get the battery level. Then again you have no option to change to the other mode (for example to use it in your pocket and not in the hand) or switch the device on and off while it is charging.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried to purchase the PDA for my wife as a Christmas present, but it would not connect to the computer. She couldn't use the printer either. The software didn't recognize it either. This is a very expensive product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a month now and i love it. the only thing is there is a slight crack in it. i can see the inside from the outside. but other than that its perfect and the sound is amazing. ive heard the same thing about a different kind of speaker and they do not work for me either. it has been my main source for watching movies since i got it.  i bought the one with the 2 speakers to make it 4 but i can get the sound much better with just one speaker.   i think they should have made this the same size as the normal speaker to make this one be even more portable. i recommend this product and i will buy it again. Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Worth it! Bought this about a month ago and I really love it! The sound quality is excellent, and it plays games without having to switch between them. This thing is a steal! I would recommend this to everyone!  Rated 4 out of 6 by TheMuffinMan from Great for movies, and music I bought this to use with my PS3. It does great for playing movies on the PS3, but also great for music in my car. It also sounds amazing in my earphones and on the tv. I really like it. If you're looking for a decent portable speaker system for a lot of music, and are looking for something that's a little more compact than the competition, this is it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   this is just a cheap little device which doesn't provide any audio input at all.. it has to be connected via usb cable to your computer and is a very basic device. the quality of audio that you get is very good and a lot better than the cheap mp3 players on the market...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the nexus 7 for a year. it worked great until a month ago when the sd card slot failed. ive emailed the google store and they said they have to send it to the manufacturers for testing. im not gonna put a bad review for this but it needs to come back to android. theres really no good reason for this device to have a bad android firmware.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   There is nothing like my old mechanical keyboard with backlighting and fancy keysets. It was a good keyboard for many years and now I find it very hard to work on it.   I bought one from a local shop and the keyboard felt like the kind that Apple used for its MacBook Pro's but much more cheap and cheap feeling. The keys on it were very mushy and the feel was bad. The keyboard itself is pretty old but I don't think it was even designed for a modern keyboard. And it came with an older version of Apple's software so it was hard to even get the basic functions to work.   that old-school old school keyboard, it is so hard to type on  I would definitely recommend the Apple Keyboard (or any modern keyboard) over this old school one. This keyboard feels very cheap and the keys don't do anything. I would just buy an old school mechanical keyboard, a cheap one with function keys or some kind of special keyboard just for this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my boyfriend who suffers from severe motion sickness. He has a medical device for his legs so he needs a device that has a very small screen. This one was too small and too light. The screen was so bright that he could hardly watch movies or a video. I gave it to him and he is pretty excited about it but the price was great and the customer service was great so I recommend this product to anyone that has to buy it for themselves.  Best electronic device I've owned so far The best device i have ever owned  Very Good First time buyer, so glad I did!  The Best. Best electronic device ever, easy to use and works well. I also had the chance to try the free sample so I know this device is good. The battery lasts forever so don't expect it to give you two hours of use in one hour or a day. -Mike K. ,  Ohio  My first review for the product I have used the product for several months now as a medical student and have found it very useful.  The quality is amazing and the software is pretty easy to navigate.   A big plus for me is how well it fits in my hand, unlike other wristband devices, you can easily use it while walking, and just have it on your wrist the whole time.  in addition to that, I love how the device allows me to set up my own alarms/breathers (if desired) for any time of the day/night that I want.  :)  Thank you for making this product for me! I have been working to overcome a severe motion sick condition for the past 2-3 years and this device has greatly helped to ease the pain and improve my overall mobility.    -Lorrie K.  , -Waterville, MA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very skeptical about getting a Raspberry Pi 3, but once it arrived, I was blown away. It's a really great computer. I am using it as my home server and it runs all my web pages from the browser. The only thing that I don't like about it is that the WiFi has issues. I have the same problem with all my other wifi-compatible computers, and it's just a simple reset and restart. But for the price, and especially at the price of Raspberry Pi, you really can't go wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this for my brother who uses it at his job, but he only uses it on his phone. It does not hold much charge in his phone, he uses it 2 times a day and after the second use he says "I don't use it anymore". Also it doesn't fit in a pocket, it is too big. I am a big guy, I just cant fit it in a small pocket. I hope this will stay small in the future. I just bought a new iPhone X, not a very good one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The best part is the sound quality. I think the quality is the same as when I used to listen to music in the stereo using a CD player, or when I had a cassette deck, and that was the best of the time, and now I'm glad I had the best.   Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  by Anonymous from Fort Collins CO USA  Review: Good but...I wish it had more memory space.  Was this helpful to you?  By Anonymous from Pueblo CO USA.  Pros: The sound quality is great.  the memory is great too. The remote is very good and easy to use.  in addition I love that I can change the song playing in the back, like for a little fun with my son  Cons: no buttons for volume, or song.  of course I have the CD player to go back to so no point in buying this again. .  a good little device that works..  Was this helpful  See all 1 Customer Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The keyboard is nice, but the keys have a bad click sound, the trackpoint doesn't work. The screen is really nice, I have the samsung galaxy s7. the only thing that I don't like is the case of the phone is really small so I can't put a sim card or flash a new battery in there. So I recommend the s7, but not to try this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is not reliable. The battery is weak. The phone has a defective battery, and the charger does not charge. I had to buy a new phone and I would never buy it again. The screen is very bright, but it's not bright enough to use in the daytime. I love the fact that the battery is small. My cell phone only has one battery so I can take it anywhere with me. I used it for 2 years before I upgraded to the new one, and I love it so much more now that I have a bigger one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years and the last time i bought it was a 2 yr ago.i think i would get the same for half the price but thats what ive got.i read all the reviews and theres not much that's good about it.i have a samsung and they always do better but ive always used psu's from other manufactures.i use mine as an mp3 player so it would be nice if the amp had a decent speaker.i do like the usb ports.i know they can be a pain but i think it's better that they dont have the usb hub so that the computer is hardwired.this i think is an excellent deal for a cheap mp3 system.i am giving it only 4 stars because of the speakers but it isnt the worst speaker i have ever heard.i just dont feel its as good as a cd player or an ipod.i also am hoping it can play audio from my iPod.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  This is not an electronic product. I bought it so my son and I could talk on the phone to our doctor and he can't hear a word.  We had the same problem on our previous phone. We had to return the phone and give up on the service.  the service is slow and no one is able to fix the problem  I wish I would have thought of this years ago. I used it only 3 times and now I don't know how to speak English and it is impossible for me to text anyone at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This is the first product i got from the manufacturer and it is absolutely the worst! The screen is black, the battery life is the worst I can ever recall (my previous unit lasted about 2 months when i first got it) and it can not run a blu ray. And the buttons and power button are all black and not usable. I hate to have to return it but its better than nothing. I will not be buying any more from here.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad thing!  I purchased a Sony A7RII (also a nice camera) and it works great but the auto exposure setting was completely wrong.  The camera would not even go past 1/4 second when I was shooting.  I contacted Sony customer support and after a week and a half they did not respond.  This is the third time I've had to pay a $150+ to Sony for defective gear.   It's a bad deal for Sony but good enough for me to write about! Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Do not purchase this product! I had been using a Sony X-T2 for about 5 years and it performed flawlessly until about 6 months ago when it stopped working.  Sony did not even acknowledge the issue and sent me a replacement.  So I purchased the Sony A6000, it works as well as the X-t2 but with no manual setting it goes much much faster.  The only way I can use my Sony A5000 is to either set it to manual or set the ISO to about 2000 and manually adjust the flash when shooting indoor.  These lenses are extremely hard to adjust to manually,  the most difficult thing is keeping the aperture and shutter speed where you want them to be.  Overall,  I am very unhappy with my purchase from Sony.   Rated 5 out of a possible 500 reviews. If you are looking for a manual focusing lens for an APS-C camera, then this is it!  This lens is a must have for any A-mount camera!  The A6000 and X-AII have their strengths, but the new Sony A-Mount lenses (like this one) are the best!  Sony makes the most well-rounded camera that doesn't use a crop sensor - the A6000.  A great lens, it's not too expensive and very good quality!  I'm buying another to replace the one I just broke.  The A-PL2 is a manual focus lens for Sony Alpha DSLRs with an AP-C size sensor. The lens has a focal length range of 24 - 28 mm and it is equipped with a standard and Vibration Reduction (VR) system. It features 9 elements in 8 groups (seven aspherical and four Super-Aspherical) with a maximum aperture of F/2.8. The A-Frame image sensor format has a maximum effective pixel
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a heavy weight wrestler so I'm usually carrying a dumbbell with me, as well as a dumbell on the side.  When I got the Zmax I was super happy because it's lightweight and has a good grip!  But one day I took the dumbbell out of the side pocket and that's when the problem began.   The dumbbell started to fall off and I had to wrestle it back in.  I was so upset with myself!   After a couple of months the Z-Max was back in my pocket and now I love the Z max.   But if you are going to buy it, please make sure to get the strap with the hooks because that thing is pretty heavy! Rated 5 out of 5 by jbunya from Best dumbbell for a low price! I bought this dumbbell after my other one was lost on the way to the store. I have been using it for 3 months and love it. I also bought the other dumbbell to have it for travel to different gyms around town. The weight is perfect for my body size and it's the lightest I've ever felt for my weight.  Rated 4 out of Five by Z1 from Great weight This dumbbell is great for my workout routine, and does not have any issues with durability. I would not buy this if it wasn't for the "L-shaped" handle. The handle fits like a glove for me.  of the 5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have been using this for years and the thing just keeps getting worse, now I can't connect to anything on my router I am using my own home network and it has the same problem. I am not a computer genius nor am I an electrical engineer so this is no surprise to me but I am so frustrated and my time is being wasted because I want to use my own pc and I can not. I love my computer so I want it to work but it will not. My advice is to buy something that works in my case. If you want a computer that will get the job done in a home setting then a home computer is not a bad idea but this will not work in a business setting.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device because it was the cheapest I could find. It worked as advertised until I got a newer version that the software kept telling me was coming but didn't. This new software was even more annoying as it didn't work properly and told me that I had to use the original firmware. Then I couldn't get the original device to work and had to return it to Walmart. They replaced the chip and that was a relief. But then I was forced to purchase a new wireless adapter for the wireless version so now I have to spend another $60.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is of subpar quality. It doesn't work properly, and I have had it in the last 10 days now. I have tried 3 times to get it to work and it does not work at all. I just returned it and bought a cheap one for $12.00 from a Chinese site.   I am going to have to try to find another vendor in the US and order a new unit or just get a new one of my own.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iphone 4 for a couple of days now. It is very slow and is very difficult to use. the screen and the music play so slow. It also takes forever to charge. Its not the sound quality that bothers me, but the slow operation. And this is the same model iphones iphonestore. This was the second iphon i bought and i will NEVER buy this one. ive already replaced my ipod with the new ipad 4 and i dont recommend the iphono iphona model. If you want an ipod or iphony but cant afford a iphonic then get the ipad.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am very sad to report that my new electronic device did not work properly. I was very happy with it's performance, and now it is very very sad that I lost it. I had no problem with this product when I bought it. The problem came when I was playing music on it, and when I did, I started hearing the sound of the electronic devices. I did not use it as an MP3 player. I never had problems like this in the past. I am not sure, but I believe this could be my fault.   When I tried to get the return address, I found it was wrong and no longer existed. I have called customer service several times, and they told me that there are no refunds. They also told me the problem was not related to my return, and that the return could not be accepted.  There was a $30.00 charge for the return shipping. I would like a refund but I do not think I can get one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the best gs3 for a couple years now. ive upgraded the battery many times and now has 1,000 hours and still goes for 2-3 days on a single charge. its the best portable battery ive used in years! i cant imagine ever buying another. ill buy another at the cost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iPhone is a great product and my friends really like it too.  I have two of them and one is old and still works.   This time I was so excited to buy one for my son and the price is great.  The only problem is the screen is bad.  If you are buying this for a young child this product will give you some problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I got this because it was supposed to be an emergency tool. It works as advertised but the battery is a joke. It will work when I plug it in but it is just a dead battery. Very disappointing. --------------- Other than the low battery warning, the device works great. If your looking for a cheap emergency device I would get this over any other. -------------- This is a great little gadget. I've been using it for camping and hiking and it's awesome. ------------ I bought this product for the camping trip that I took with my best friend. It was a great addition to my kit. My friend had a cheapo tinker toy flashlight that did not have an emergency use at all. This one is much better than his! I highly recommend it for a very good price. ------------- I've got this in my car as a way to call for help in an emergency. It's an excellent way to get people out in the open to see if anyone is around. I also have it in the car for emergencies at work if someone needs a hand. Very helpful tool -------------- Great product, excellent price. We have had it for several months and it has served its purpose, in the same way that a fire extinguisher works. -------------------------- Best flashlight I have ever bought, great for the price. Works great on our motorcycle. _______________________________________________________________________________ I was searching for something cheap to have in my trunk in case we need to escape during a situation. This little tinker light turned out to be perfect for the job. Great price, will buy another one. ____________________________ I have used this tinker flashlight for camping, hiking and just for fun. I was amazed by the fact that it is small enough to be in my pocket and has enough capacity for my EDC.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 3 months now, and all it ever does is get into a loop of being stuck to my computer while being in my pocket. it also gets out and my pocket while being off and on my desk, and while in my bag. i do have to be extra careful when charging this phone as it takes a while to charge. i love the way the phone looks, but it just doesnt work as good as it should.  This review is from: Apple iPhone 5s  Quality & Performance  by Aaron  My wife loves her new iPhone 5, but she can't stand the "nail that holds the phone together". The camera, for example, won't turn on if it's not attached to a charger.   The iPhone 5 comes with two battery options, one that is meant for use only when the battery is at least half full (more for a phone running low on charge), and one that has a built-in light-up feature (like the Moto X). The iPhone 5S comes with the former and, like the iPhone 5 (it comes in white and black), the iPhone 6 can be charged using the built- in light.   and the built in light really shines. It lights up and shows you how much juice is in the iPhone.   with the built into light you can also use it to show you how far you are from charging (if you use a standard iPhone 6/5S charger). It's nice having a little LED flashlight when you need it.   as far as the battery goes, this iPhone 5 has lasted me 2 weeks (at least) on a full charge.  is this a good phone? No. but for the price it's a good value. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first and only item I purchased from them is the "microphone cable" they were not there when I purchased the item. I thought I was going to get the one with the "bundle" the cable was nothing to write home about and was very short and had poor sound quality. I ordered the one that didn't even include the "mic" It took a week to receive the one I purchased they have a 5 year warranty on electronics. I don't know what the other 3 units they sell have but I would never buy another item from this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the first thing you have to take care of is the battery. First, it's important to check it in the morning to make sure it doesn't have any dead cells in it. You also have to keep it in your pocket. You can't just keep it on your desk or any other place that a sharp object can hit the power cable. You have to place it on a flat surface. The batteries can't last for more than a few hours.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: p-e-y
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would definitely get a dongle instead of an iBeacon device because I'm trying to go a bit more mainstream with my security and tracking devices. I've got a little old cell phone, and I don't care for the way the iBeacons work and the signal isn't reliable for me. I got a dinky little bluetooth dongled that has a 3.5 mm jack, and it connects to my phone like an old school phone, even better than a smartphone.   This is the only dongles that works as a stand-alone device that also works in the shower and in the office. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first foray into "smart" home automation and I am now very frustrated with the performance of this smart light. I can not find the remote control to turn it on and off (at least without going to a website and typing in the IP address), the battery is going bad, and it is extremely difficult to find it in the dark in my attic. I am willing to give the idea a try, but will have to buy another one. Rated 4 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from Nice unit, but could be a lot better. If you plan on... Nice unit. If, however, you plan to connect a doorbell that is a hub of many other devices...it's going to need a lot of tweaking.  Rated 5 out of, by Home DepotCustomer123 from This is a great product. I use it to monitor my gas heater. It... This is an excellent product.I use it be...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought one of these at Best Buy a year ago. I had it for about a year and it's still working. I love that I can charge it without having to run wires through my house. Unfortunately, it only works with the iPad Mini 1 (it does not work with the 2nd generation iPad) so you can't use it on an old device like an iPhone or a Kindle.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one of these for a while and it works great but the button gets stuck in when in my pocket. ive gotten some different buttons that work better, but i dont think i need to spend so much on a button that will be useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the first laptop I bought when i was in school.  It was a gift for a friend who had had to use a computer for school. The keyboard, and the other features were ok.    I could not type a coherent sentence in any language except English.    I bought it because I have had problems with my previous laptop that I had a hard time working with.  One day the battery fell out.  I went to the repair shop and paid for a replacement.  That was after i waited for 2 weeks.  Now it seems they will take it back if I want a refund.  I think the most important thing in your purchase is the price.  You can find a very good deal on Amazon.  But if you are looking for a good deal.  Then look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After trying for a few days to set up my old wireless router, I noticed the wireless signal was very weak. I tried resetting my computer, the router, and even unplugging it. Nothing worked. Eventually I had a technician install the Ethernet cable that had a broken USB port. Then, to my shock, the internet came online. I am going to try a new router as I know I will have a wireless router problem.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Samsung S6 Edge came with an amazing screen (slightly larger than the iPhone 5s screen). Unfortunately, it did not get the job done. The device was slow and had many annoying things and was difficult to get through any app, and it even would go blank after having been in the screen for over 10 minutes. The screen would not turn on even when the phone was in sleep mode. There was one software that worked fine. When the screen would stay on, the software would work fine. Other than that, this was an absolute nightmare to use. This is the most frustrating phone I have ever used in terms of reliability. If I could get another one, it would be a clear no-brainer.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very well made product but I have not used it for anything besides a light on my computer, and it is so slow that it will not run any games, it also does not record audio for music files, not even songs but it works great for showing a movie, but it does not show video at all so I could not show that the DVD player works on my DVD player, also the CD player is just awful, I wish they would go back to the last computer I bought and just use a standard CD drive instead of a CD recorder, and I would also like to see them come out with an upgrade to the i-pads with better batteries, I would love one of these for a kid that has been diagnosed with an autism. The only thing I do not like about it is the remote control on the front of it is a little bit annoying because it doesn't seem to work very well and if you don't know how to use it and it starts with the wrong input, I have to turn it on and off a bunch of times to get it to work at all, but I am sure they will fix that problem, this is a good device, I just wish they put a video camera in it because this is not a toy.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great toy The most powerful and sophisticated toys in my collection.  the light that comes with this is awesome!  I have 2 of them and one is for a 2 year old and the other is for an adult. One is for me and one for my wife. The older one is almost like a mini computer (not as smart but has a mouse and keyboard) and the older one's sound is good (though I can't get the speaker to work with it on my laptop). The older model has a bigger screen and sound so I can watch tv on it. The newer one is small but has great speakers and a smaller screen. They are very quiet, but sound great! 's best feature was that it was so expensive but you get what you pay for. I am using it on a Mac and i love it. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit works great. But it has no protection against overheating. The heat can cause the circuit board to short out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________  1/10  I was expecting a lot from this little device, and it didn't deliver. I had been looking forward to using this to record audio on the go. The only problem I had was the sound quality is so poor, and the interface is so hard to use that I was afraid I would use it for nothing but the audio side of my music. I'm not really a music lover by any stretch, but this was a nice way to just have a music player. I was really looking forward it and I was looking forward a lot for it. My bad. It's a waste of time and money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 29, 2017  good  by John from Oceanside CA USA  Pros: Cheap, works well  Cons: none  Review: I use it to control my phone and music from my car stereo. I have always had a music system in the car and this fits nicely in my pocket so it is always ready to go.    Was it helpful? Yes (0) No (0).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought one of these to play my  old school NES games on it but it is not a good product and doesn't work well. The game was not playable. I could not connect to a wireless network and I would have to restart my Nintendo 3DS every time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this product and so far its really crappy, i have to carry a dvr with me everywhere now and i am tired of having to worry if i get a call or missed message because of a dead dvr, i got tired of all the crap i had to carry and its all in the name of my kids...i mean really, ive had this thing for only 2 weeks, it will not even record or do basic features like rewind, fast forward or mute, what a joke... i will be returning it for a different model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having problems with my new iphone. ive tried a lot of things and it isnt working. it keeps rebooting and when i do, iphones screen goes black, its the only one i have ive had that has this problem ive even tried a different carrier iphon and it has a similar issue but its on another iphonet. there must be a way to fix this. if this doesnt work then ill just get another ive got  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, July 09, 2011  Good device, easy to use  by: CMTairsoft Review Date: February 13, 2011 I've owned the CX4 for about a month now. I've had a lot to say about this phone, which I'm sure will continue to do so for a long time. First off, the price point is quite reasonable (I purchased it for about $600). The CX-4 features one of the best audio, video, and data connections I have ever experienced. I use my cell phone for both voice calls and Internet access, which, by the way, I use quite frequently. I highly recommend this phone.  Pros:  Best-In-Class Audio and Video  Easy to use and learn  Lightweight, Portable  Great Battery Life  Dual SIM support  Cons: , Poor battery life, not as good as others  4.8 from 18 reviews  Helpful Review: This phone seems good, but my phone died in the middle of the night, which made me wonder why they wouldn't replace it. This phone is the second I've purchased, the first one was purchased on a Saturday, and I found that the day before that my phone had died. The new phone is as good or better. I hope they don't just say, 'oh, just give us a refund.' This is a very good phone, I hope I can keep it for a while, since it is still in my car. I will recommend this company to anyone. . I bought this phone on a weekend and I only had a week. I tried calling it several times. It didn't work. I called and left a message at 8 in the morning and I received an email at 7:10 am the next morning. The phone works fine. The only complaint I have is that the charging cord
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the first smart phone i have owned, but i know its not gonna be long before i buy another one. The screen looks like a little tiny camera and has no built in speaker. I have an older android phone and i can always make calls and text with that phone, this phone makes no calls and can only send and receive text messages. This phone was so cheap to buy but it is useless.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen on my computer is terrible!  There is not enough light on the screen to see what I am looking at and the computer has no backlight for reading.  It is very dark and you have to read it very carefully!   I have had it for a while and it does not seem to get better! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________ This was a great idea for a gadget, but it's the only one that doesn't work! It is a great gadget but there are so many things wrong with it, like the battery dies on me after a few months and no one will send out a new one, and when the battery works it works great for a while. It makes me think of all of the different electronic devices that are worthless now due to overuse or just plain stupidity!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mandy from Excellent I bought this a year ago and have used it in the field with the PVS-11 that i carry. It was very effective and easy to use. I have carried it with me and also use it in my car while in a parking lot. Its very powerful and I highly recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very disappointing. I wanted to get a good quality audio cd player for a reasonable price. I was looking for an inexpensive device and got my hands on this. After using it for a few days, I am just not happy with it. I find the player to be of very low quality. I can tell it is a cheap player from the quality of the sound output, and the cheap-looking buttons on the front of the player. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The sound was great at first...but the batteries lasted only 3-4 months...and that was with 2 batteries...but then a new unit came, and the battery lasted longer than that...but...and then the battery last even longer...but!!!!!!! I had to pay for another new one to have it run longer...and it doesn't sound as good as the original unit did....I love the way it sounds, but that's only part of the reason that I'm not buying another...the other thing is the fact that it has a lot of problems...it doesn't even start up when it's off, and it will't last very long...and you can't even turn the unit off by holding it...and every time I change batteries, the problem continues to repeat itself... I have had it for 2 years now, and I'm at the end of the rope...the device isn't even running...the first unit was almost 2 years old, the second unit was only a year old, and my new one just isn't working right. I have spent a lot on this device, over $700 dollars, and still have not heard my sound...I can't get it to start up, or go through a song. I've spent a month on the phone with Apple Customer Service and they told me that they had tried everything they could think of, that I would never hear my music because of this problem, but all it took was to give me a warranty and I would be able to get my money back, but the problem is, I just can't take the risk of having my device die, and all that money that I've put into it, just for that one little problem...I'm so mad at Apple that they can't figure out the problem...it's like they're all incompetent. I could get another sound unit and be happy again, and this one I can't hear anything at all and it's so frustrating. I was hoping for a great sound. So if you don't want to buy this device and you don`t like to listen to your music when it isn't playing...I don't blame you, but you may as well get a different type of unit because this one doesn't seem to work at all...I am not happy with this product. I will not recommend it to anyone because I'm still trying to figure out why it won't start up. It's like someone just hit the power switch
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The eGo V3 tank works great with the M1. The only thing that was disappointing was that the tank leaks! It is a tank that works great but leaks sometimes. I recommend a tank or filter that has a better seal or it is just better to use this one, just don't over fill it. You can't even push the button on the bottom of the tank to turn on the atomizer.  Amazing! by Nicky K. on 05/18/2015 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!  This battery is great. It comes with a 2.4 ohm coil and coils work great. Just one thing I'd like to make sure everyone is aware of:   The juice you put into this thing will have no flavor. You will need to run a wire from the battery to the coil and the juice inside. If you're running a 2mm wick, it will work fine, if not it won't work at all. I use a wick around 2.5mm. If I have to run another wire for flavor, it really isn't worth the hassle, but if you can afford to, go ahead.   This is a solid little tank, I haven't tried anything else. Just be very careful when you put the battery in it. It is really easy to lose if you aren't paying attention.  the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because this is a tiny little thing and it is easy to get out of place. It also gets sticky. I'm sure it will last, but you should pay a little more attention to putting it back in.    One thing I'll also add: This thing makes an annoying clicking sound when you press the button. I don't know how much this is going to be an issue since it does a decent job of hiding, but it is annoying.  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** The item arrived as advertised and the video quality is pretty nice. Unfortunately I have the VLC player on my desktop and it does not have the same audio quality as the one on my phone. I'm not happy with it at all. The quality of the sound is actually pretty nice but the speakers and microphone are terrible. I can't use the TV with this player at all since the audio quality is way below what I was expecting. The device also seems pretty cheap for what it is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________   I ordered the device for my husband's birthday and it was exactly like he ordered. He doesn't even need it. The first time I used the device he was in tears as soon as he got it and he's very unhappy because I got him something else and he said he wanted the same thing. I sent him back the other device. We are now ordering the device that I got. I am now frustrated with this company. I really think it should be held responsible for the poor quality of the product.   This is a big deal to me.   (Sigh)   PROS: Easy to set up. Works well. Works great for our wireless routers.  CONS: None that I can see so far  (Sighs)   to me, this thing just doesn't work. The only reason I'm taking a rating away from it is because I had a chance to use it for my wedding and it failed miserably! I was so sure that the device was going to work perfectly that I went to the wedding venue and set it up. When I went back to set it back up I called customer service and they told me that the product would not be covered for a couple of days and I couldn't use it. Well that was my problem and I was left with a defective device. The device does not work at all!   To be fair I have only used it once but it's really not working for me yet. The second time I tried to use the device, I got no response and I have to reset it multiple times to no avail.  , I'm not sure how this company expects to get away with this. I think if I had been told that this device would not work I would have told them the truth and they could have at least refunded my money. I'm hoping that this is a common problem because this could very well be the worst product I have ever purchased. If I were a customer I'd tell my friends to stay away from this company because this thing has failed me and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a problem with a couple of my devices that came with the sony pc vc. ive noticed an issue with the volume going down when there is a file playing. it works fine if no files are playing. if the files are being played the volume starts to go down. the volume control is pretty much useless. i had the vc for almost a year and its been on a daily basis. its only gotten worse since it got new. so frustrating.   Great Purchase for a new computer: My new computer is a 2009 macbook pro 1.8 gb. I decided to get the vlc pro dvd player because I have watched a lot of youtube video and I just really liked the quality. It is the best vlc player ever. It works well with my mpv player. It has an auto scan feature, which takes a few seconds. So for me it is almost like using a camcorder. It supports multiple languages. You have to setup the remote to the vlccom/vlccom-usb and it works very good. It also has a great remote. The remote is nice because it has a volume control and play/pause buttons. It does not have an option to control the speakers directly. I did like the way the buttons are positioned. For a new pc i think this is a very good buy.  Good Value, Good Value: I bought the player on sale, and the price was good. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is that it's just not a good quality player. The video quality is poor (if you have a dvi-cd recorder). I use it to watch youtube video. I was expecting the high quality video you would get on the dvds. I got this player because it's in the price range, and there are lots of good players out there at this price.  and I'll never get another player like this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought the phone for my husband for his birthday. He's been using the phone as a video phone. He is on the edge of not being able to do that. He has a lot of issues with the audio quality and the speaker. He needs an external sound speaker to work with the phone. I'm trying to convince him to buy an Apple TV. The phone is OK for video calling and video chatting but it's not great for audio.  This review is from: iPhone 6 Plus (3rd Gen)  Style, Functionality & Value:   I use the phone pretty much every day to check my text messages, email and make phone calls. When it comes to calling I love the fact that it is waterproof. It is very easy to use and I love that you can turn it off when not in use.   When it comes down to it I'm not going to say that I'm in love with the style of the phone but I think I'll buy another one.   on top of that I can use the battery to charge my tablet when I'm out of cell range. The waterproofing is great and there are only 3 things that I'd change if I could. 1) I would love to get the speaker for an external speaker. 2) I could stand the size and shape of the body. It's just not big enough for my body. And 3) I'm thinking about getting an SD Card slot, so I can have all my music on it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________ _______________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year, ive played alot of games, ve owned several other snes controllers, even played Mario on the nes, i finally just gave up. ive tried the mini controller before but this is awful. its just a big flimsy plastic thing with some buttons and a joystick, its impossible to actually play games with this thing,  its too big to use in the car,  it has a built in microphone which sounds horrible,  the button layout is wrong,  and the buttons are too small,  this thing needs to go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The iRig is an iMac Pro, a massive computer, in a computer that is smaller than my Macbook. It's a huge step up for me.   I bought it to do a video interview. I want to make a large printout of the footage so I can review it later. I can't use my Mac. It doesn't have the speed that a computer needs to shoot a 5 minute movie at 24 frames a second.   and it is a HUGE computer.  Click to expand...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased the "G-Pen 2" from Amazon, and although the unit is very well built and very responsive, the functionality is very limited. The ability to select and switch between 2 separate pens, the ability to take an image and share it via email or even using Facebook, is very impressive. The "G" pen is also very well made, and allows you to set the angle of the pencil just right. However, this functionality seems redundant when you are working in a wide variety of media such as an electronic printer. I'm sure there is a workaround to enable this capability in the future but I'm disappointed that the functionality was not built into the pen itself. The G-Pen is an excellent purchase though!  From Mark C. on 3/6/2018. I love these pens! I bought two of them for my computer, both of the same brand (Pilot). I was skeptical about them but I have been using them for a year, and they seem to be great. My laptop's desktop space is very tight, and it is very easy to take notes with these pens, they hold a good charge. I think these pens are really nice if you are doing a lot of electronic note taking.  Review of DJK919-SX Review by Mark C. (Posted on 3-5-2018) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality I was looking to replace a $30 Pilot G2 which I use daily for writing. This pen is the perfect solution. I prefer the gel-like material used on the G2 to the rubber grip on the DJK. I like the G pen and use it for general note taking, as well as writing on receipts. I've only ever used the eraser, and I don't have to worry about scratching the screen when I erase. I would recommend this pen to anyone looking to improve their writing style with something which is better built than the cheaper plastic/rubber alternatives.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 2 months now and im very dissapointed with it. it is very clunky, it is a pain in the butt to use, and there is no way that this thing will last more than a couple months. it sucks. I mean seriously, its so clunky it takes a good 20 minutes just to insert the batteries in the device (and they have to be placed on the batteries). once it's inserted it is extremely painful to use. also, the buttons on the device are terrible and dont work at all. it takes forever to navigate around the settings. also the sound quality is extremely low. it doesn't sound good at all, and doesnt come with any speakers. if this device would have been made from metal i would have given it a higher rating, but im sick of having to use a mouse and keyboard to use this thing. it would have more than earned it, but it just looks bad and makes me wonder if they could have made the design a little better to be more attractive. Overall a bad item that i cant recommend for any reason.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  The only way to use it is to plug it into your computer. This isn't a plug and play machine. This machine is a little pricey but the product is very good. The buttons are nice and small and the keyboard is large and easy to type with. If you don't know how to type it's simple to use. The only down fall is there's no way to access the SD card when you plug the computer in.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was my first time buying a smart TV, and I can tell you it's definitely not a good experience. The TV has one of the biggest black dots on the screen. The picture looks awful, and even the sound is distorted. You may be able to get a good picture if you have the TV plugged into a high-end sound system or an older TV, but I can't imagine why anyone would spend $500+ for such a display.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    You would think that it would last longer then the phone but it actually seems to die after a week or so of normal use. It has had a problem with the charger and other than that it has been good  I've bought a lot of these but this is by far the worst and the charger I have is so small that the case will cut it. So annoying!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This computer is a dud!!! It does what i want to do, but i bought it over 2 years ago and it still works!!!!! It has the original hard drives (which have not failed at all), but all my software programs are crashing all the time. I have had to reinstall them all over. My computer has a bunch of viruses and some are permanent. I had to pay a lot of money for a new computer, and it's just not worth it to me. It's not cheap either. If you're looking for a good computer for a reasonable price, this is not it.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was using a very old cell phone for years and finally had to replace it due to battery problems.   So after reading so much about this new device, I purchased one last night. I was so thrilled! The phone was really bright and the sound was very good. I'm a high school math teacher and this thing makes me wish for my cell phone from the 70's with huge volume and the ability to dial.   of course I have my old one now and I'm glad I replaced the old one.   (Posted on 9/17/2016)  Nice and bright! Review by Robert M. Quality Value This is a great and brighter product! Great for reading and texting.   in the evening.   for the first couple of weeks the light seems to be more than a little bit dimmer, but its only been like that for a couple of days now!   This product works great and does exactly what it's supposed to do. (Posted On 8/14/2016 )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been working on an iphone for about 3 years. i went to the apple store and said my iphones was not working well, so i took it to the local service center. and they gave me a new phone that is a clone of the original. now im going to have to go to another place to fix my ips. i really wish i did not go there. not only is it a pain to deal with the service and repair crew and all the waiting time, its also expensive to replace the device. i was told by the service center that you can get it repaired for a lower cost if you bring it in to them. i just wanted someone that i can trust to look at it and fix it. and if you are not sure if its a clone i would recommend getting a new one. i had my old iphons from apple and it was a hassle to replace them. but i am glad i went with another service center to try and save some money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the LG G3 from the website and went online to pick up. When I received the order the phone was not exactly what was described in the product description. It was a little too big for my hand to hold comfortably. The battery life is average.   When I was trying to use the speaker and my computer it would not work. It would say that it was connected but would not power on.  I finally was able to get on the Internet to see the troubleshooting steps and the battery worked.    I got it on sale so I was surprised but it was very cheap. I'll be going to the LG store to try to return it because it did not work well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! My device died after 1 year of service. Tried 2 new ones. Both died after 4 months, and this one has had 4 months and it is still going weak.!!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have only used this as a backup. It was not what I expected. Not good at all. I have tried it with 2 different batteries and no problem at all (although the one I used is rated for 2xAAA batteries). I can get it to work with a 3.7V lipo or 5V li-ion. There are several posts in other places that have used it and its worked for them.   Now this review is for the customer who purchased it. It does exactly what it says but it does not fit my battery, which is a 3S 12S1P. I had to use a 5.5V Lipo and get the 4S battery to work on it (it is rated to hold a 7.4V Li-ion)   If you can get 3S or 4S 12/18C lipo to work and have 2 batteries to use it with and the lipo is rated at 3.5-4.5v the E-M5 is an excellent little device for backups/secondary power.  The only downfall is that the batteries must be inserted into the batteries holder first. The device comes with batteries and they just fit and the holder is easy to work.    Other than that its a very good device and would recommend if you are in the market for a backup/secondary.  to me the quality is good   Read More Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iHome for about a year now and it's so easy to use ive just got a dvd player so the tv isn't that great, but i had the iHome and it was easy to set up ive bought and used a lot of stuff from the internet from google, and the best part is that if you don't like it you just cancel and never use it again, i have not used it for the last couple of years yet the thing is still working just fine ive used it with my g4 and i phone and everything is working just as it should ive been a long time fan of vista/windows and i am so pleased with my ihome i have it hooked up to my laptop which i run on an Asus wt-65 motherboard ive also used it to charge my iphone for music, and it will do so as well ive got a cd rom in my ihouse ive tried a couple of times to hook it up with a dvr, but it always goes straight to video mode ive read of people having issues with this as well, it can be a bit fussy when it comes to changing it back to audio but otherwise i have been very happy with the product ive never had any problems with it in any way ive put about 2000 hours on it and it has never failed me and it is still going strong, I don't really recommend this product unless you know what you are doing, i know there are people out there that can get a good deal on the ihome just ask them, its just hard to make a bad purchase, because in the end you are still getting a great product and you can't go wrong ive even purchased a new one for the dvd box ive heard some people complain that it doesn't have that much volume and its easy to hear the sound on the tv but if you can accept this then buy it ive only had the tv for a month so far so i dont really know ive still got the old one with the dvr but i will see how it works for the next couple of months
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my laptop for 2 years now and it still doesnt start. its either locked up or just doesnt turn on at all. now that i have upgraded my cpu, i have to restart it. im scared to buy this unit because ive already wasted so much time and money on buying this computer. my money is better spent on getting a computer with better hardware.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bill from Great Upgrade I bought this as a replacement for my 2 year old Dell XPS 13. My previous laptop was a 9 year old machine. After a couple weeks using my Dell, I started getting a lot more performance out of the new Dell. I am very impressed with the specs. Also, this unit seems a lot quieter and runs cooler. I just purchased a new keyboard so I am looking forward to doing some research and testing before I buy another one.  to the reviewer who had an issue with their card not working, I purchased my card from Best Buy and they replaced it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These are great at a good price, but if you want one with a good screen and the best video quality out of any phone on the market, the Moto X is your best bet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The screen is terrible on the touch screen model   It is really hard to read the text on the screen when you are working on your tablet   A lot of people do not appreciate the poor quality of this device   This model does not work as expected and a lot of the things you need do not work well.   I tried the battery replacement part for it and it does not seem to work well   If I use the same model from Apple I am fine, but the ones from this company will not work   All my work is with this company    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am so glad i bought this. I have a Sony Playstation 3 which is so much better than the one my mom uses. i had trouble connecting to it and i had to call the service to get it fixed. i am sure it was the software but that sucks and the product is not so great either. i just wish that they would do the repairs. i bought my new Sony Playstation3 on December 2nd 2007. it's about a year old and works very good. the problem with my old one was that it was so hot, and the battery would just blow out after a couple of hours of playing. with this one it seems to be cooler. I hope it does the same thing. i guess i will have to give them a pass for the cheap products they have on the website. this thing is a waste of money!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have used this product for a week and a half now and I am extremely disappointed with it. When I first started using this i had trouble reading my book when i put it on my phone. When the battery was low the phone kept buzzing for a minute then stopped. Then the device would still turn on but it would show me as "off" but would not charge. I had to force it a few times and it just turned on but wouldn't charge. The other issue is when the battery is low you cant use it, you have to wait for it to charge up. When it doesn't charge you can't use it. The only way to use it is to plug it in to the usb ports of your pc and use the phone as a keyboard. I do not want to waste my money on this product again because of these problems. Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my third electronic device. I've never been happy with any of them.  I have to use my car power adapter for a light in my house because it doesn't work at all. It does everything I wanted it to do but that was it. I bought this one and it only worked one time. I think that might have something to do with the quality control. I would not recommend this device and won't buy another one.  Review of DJI Inspire 1 by Jaxon V. on December 12, 2015 Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  4 of 4 people found the following review helpful: I bought it and after installing it, it is exactly like my old battery powered camera from the 60s. I am so happy about that. I didn't get any of the pictures, but everything else was good.   Jaxon (United States)  5 of 5 people found a review helpful Overall: Great, reliable camera. Great price, great product. : Excellent! This is the second model I've purchased. First had the Inspire One which I bought on Black Friday. This is an excellent camera for the price. It is very reliable. I have used it for many events so far and will use it for more in the future. It took a few days for it to get to my store but was in stock when it did.  This is a great camera that will last a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just got this new keyboard, and so far im not happy with the keys at all, the ones that seem ok on the outside, they work ok when you press them with the wrong finger, but once you try to turn the keys, the one on the right, goes, and it turns to the middle or left and the other keys stop working. it also took a bit to figure out how to re-bind some keys, for example you can only put the up key on the second row, and cant put the down or any other key, but that can easily be fixed. but overall, the key is very noisy, and the backlight isnt very bright either, so thats my two cents about this keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device since 2011 and its very hard to find the good stuff for it.  Ive been looking for a good set of bluetooth speakers, one that has some high quality speakers with a large range, a wireless pair that works very well with my iPhone (I also have an iPod, and a bluetooth speaker to pair with my iPod) and one that was very sturdy and easy to use. ive tried a few sets over the last few years and this set is the only one I have found that does all three. If your looking for something to connect an iPod to with a speaker, or bluetooth to play music off your phone, this is the one for you. Here is what I currently have:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ ____________ _____________ ______________  I have had this device for a couple of weeks, the speaker is fine, however the USB port seems to be very poor, there are no leaks at all even with water under the device. I think the port was not built well and the ports on the side is not the way it should be. I have to unplug the USB cord when not in use and I am really concerned if the battery would run out of juice if I leave it plugged in for long periods of time. The only good thing I would say about this product is that it has a nice big light on it so you can see how much power is left, the only problem is it is a pain to get the power cord out of the case. This is my third bad experience with this product and I will not be using this again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's sooo frustrating because it keeps telling me that my device is not recognized because i don't have a compatible OS and that my wifi is not connected or my bluetooth is not paired.  Its just not working.    I've had this for 2 months now, and it still says I don't support the OS.  This is the second time it has happened, but I don. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- The only thing that would make it better would be the battery life. This device is not worth the money.  Rated 1 out of 5 by jim from Very disappointed I had been searching for a nice set of speaker phones for several years. I tried a number of different models and finally landed on this unit. I had a pair of Motorola DR-80s that were quite nice and I still use them. However, when I got this pair they sounded terrible. They just didn't sound as good as the Motorola DR80s. When I had them mounted on the wall they sounded better. They had a high pitched sound that wasn't as deep and deep sounds sounded dull and dull and they didn't have the same punch and punch as the DR80's. In fact, I couldn't tell the difference between them when they were on the speakerphone. If you are thinking about this unit as a set of speakers you should probably just return it. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time i used this for a week i had no idea where to start with the program. It took me some time to figure out which features were important and which didn't.  The program does not have a step by step program that you can follow to get the job done.  This is a problem if you're looking to build a home automation system.  I had to go to each of the online sites that showed me the features and then use my manual to figure things out.  My biggest complaint is the need to learn the program by reading the manual.   I read the manual and I knew what was happening but it took a long time to actually figure out how to set things up.  All in all, not bad but definitely not top of the line. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first thing that came to my mind was, "How could it do this?". After reading the manual a few times and having it worked and still doing this...that was my last impression.   Next to the issue with the "cushion" is the fact that this device will always use as much juice as the battery will supply. There's not a lot of warning if you're on a 4, 6 or 8 hour charge.  :) :D   No, it's not the battery, because the charger (which also seems to be very poorly made) was the first thing to fail during my first few uses. It had to be replaced with a "newer" one because the first one had a faulty fuse. It also didn't take the battery long to charge, and by the time it had gone to the 50% mark, the battery was totally dead.  .  My advice: If you think that you're going to use this with 3, 4, or 8 hours of charge, then think again. You're better off with a standard charger. , by C  On Dec 12, 2016, at 12:26:34 PM PST, wrote:    It does not have a removable battery, but has a "removable wall plug" which I suppose will make the battery last longer. -Sigh-.   My recommendation is that you put a nice strong magnetic battery holder in place of the one that came with the device, and use the same kind of battery as you did with your previous devices.  the original one was a "factory refurbished" unit that didn't have a battery holder, it just had a wall plug with a magnet on it. It worked for a while, then when I started using it on my phone with an adapter, the charger would not charge the phone and it wouldn't charge my battery, I could only get it to charge the adapter. The battery lasted about 2 weeks, and then eventually I gave up on the charger and I don't really know what I'm going to do with it now...   Oh, I tried to read through all of the reviews before I posted this one, but I couldn't find anything good that was written after the "incident" with the USB-C charger, so I went ahead and posted it. :-)   Thanks,  C  , on Dec 12/2016, at
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** This is the first time I have ever been disappointed with a product and this is the fourth product i have had. I am very unhappy with this product, I do not recommend this to anyone. My wife bought it because it was cheaper than the brand name. The price was cheaper but it has poor build quality and it does not work well. Its too bad that i had to pay over twice the price for the same quality product but at least i had a second one for Christmas so this was a good deal. *****I will not buy another product from this company. They make too many poor products.****   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!   The "USB powered" is just a joke! No batteries. The device takes an average of 20 minutes to charge, and the "LED light" is very weak. When you connect it to the computer it "lights up", then it just sits there and does not make a sound. It is useless and a waste of my money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned two of these in the last year. ive tried them all, and the sound quality is horrible on most of them.  there is very little gain on any of them, and they are all a bit over powered.  the mains connection is bad (not very good quality), and is always sparking.  i dont recommend this, i will buy another one soon for my iphone 6s plus.   Rated 5 out of 5 by teddy1 from Awesome This is the first and only product that really works, and it's perfect! You can't go wrong!  From the Manufacturer  You will not find a more versatile receiver or amp.   The TDA-1603B Digital Amplifier, powered by a high-performance Class AB Amplifier and a Class A/B preamp is perfect for the digital home theater system.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a month now and my first few days with it were ok. i would say that the display was a little on the small side, i had trouble getting it to show the date without using the time on my watch. also there was a bit of screen noise when the display lit up. but after a while of using the device you just get used to the way the display works.  i was hoping that i could upgrade my device, since i purchased the original version of this device and i thought that the newest version would be superior. i'm happy to say that it's not. i've already bought the new version of the device, the one that's got the larger display. it works fine, its just not as awesome as the old one. its more work, but thats what its meant to be. it still is a better device than the original one that i had. , May 31, 2011  Reviewer: John W. - Fairfield, CT - (203) 930-1272  I had the original X-ray, but my wife gave it to me. It was a great idea and a wonderful piece of technology, but it really wasn't a great product and we both used it in a different way. I bought this X-Ray because we've had some older equipment (dental work machines) that we couldn't use. It's the same technology with a bigger image. We also use it to get to the basement to get some light-sensitive equipment that we can't see in the dark and with the old version we couldn  , December 6, 2010  You can still get the original model, it's just sold out. The new model is slightly better, but the old model is still a great tool. It is small enough to easily slip into a pocket or the back of your pants and you can even store it in your car if you can't remember where your keys are. This is one of the best things I ever bought. - John -  Great Tool - David - May 31st, 2010 I use it a lot for the dental work in my office. The first time I had to use it I thought it was the perfect tool. I have used it several times since then and it is still as useful and effective as the day I bought it. If you get a few new ones, make sure you get the one with the display on the right side. -
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year or so and it works well but the buttons are difficult to find if they are on the wrong side. i have been told many times by people who have already dropped their iphones that it is a bad button location. i can also see that the iphone can be more difficult to use than my android phone. i would give it 4 stars but if you dont like buttons it gets a 0/10. if you want to buy a ipho for the money you cant go wrong.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device can never be called a good product! It works on 2.4 ghz wi-fi but is very poor with all the other wifi devices, such as laptops and tablets. It has no ability to stream anything on 4k. The screen has a bad black bar everywhere. Not to mention there are no remote control functions, but that's only a minor inconvenience. I'm using this on a desktop at work and my work pc is just about to quit. I have a good network connection for everything. I can't recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- I bought this at a great price. I wanted a cheap laptop, and this was it. First, this is a bad looking laptop. I bought it from a local store. I wish it was more compact, because that is what a lot of people would want from a tablet. The screen is okay, but the resolution is horrible. I know there are bigger monitors out there, but this thing just doesn't have much screen real estate. The keyboard is decent, but if you use it a lot, you will be using it for a long time. I did get a lot more use out of my tablet than the laptop. The battery is awful, and you can't charge it unless you plug it in. It took about an hour to get the battery from full to 30% charge. Also, the battery is so small that I can't carry it at my side. I'm a big guy and I could carry this thing in my purse if I wanted, but I don't. The touch screen is pretty good. I have to admit I had high hopes for this tablet. It works pretty well, and it can hold a nice size of document, although I don�t know how much you can fit on it. I think the price is great, and the company is awesome. My tablet is also getting more use than I thought it would. I would say that if you want a good cheap tablet for your budget, this would be an awesome choice. I hope this was helpful for you!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my cell phone, I've been using it for a year now. But I did not buy this one for my phone, and now I think it's a waste of money. I had it for 3 days and then they found a problem and sent me a new one. So I am now using my old phone. It's horrible. I've tried to send a message and the phone will not accept it, I tried to go online, no way, it locks me out. So it's useless. I'm going to have to replace it with a new phone. If I had known this a year ago I would have waited for this one. I know a lot of other people had to send it back to them, so I hope that this isn't the norm. I do recommend this to people that are going to be buying this kind of device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When i first received this device, the usb ports are very very good, and the unit is simple to use, i just plug the device in and it works  . But now, I noticed that the usb port on the other side has stopped working   after i did some research online. I have tried two different cables to make the port work again, and they both failed   and it is not the device, but the cable. I will give this product a 1 because its cheap and works, but if its the cable, than i am not impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a little over a month and its been really good, no problems. ive used it for everything from playing music to typing. i also bought this for my wife to use with her ipad, i have used it and it works fine, but i was just looking for a nice easy to use device. the only problem ive found is that it only has one volume control. if you have a good ear and your on a high volume or use earphones then it works great. but if you're on your ipad doing music and your not doing so loud the sound is awful, it's like you are wearing earbuds in your ears.  my wife doesn't really like it, but thats my problem.   great product!! Review by Kevin
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have this laptop for 5 years and it's been with me all that time but finally I just can't take it anymore. I can't use it for anything except for work because I can never do anything without it. I know there are better products out there but I had to give this laptop 3 stars because of the poor build quality. I could not use it because it got so hot in there and the fans just couldn't keep up with the heat and noise. This is not the first computer I have ever had but I know its one of the worst. I am a graphic designer so I need a computer that can do everything and the price was a deal breaker for me. If I could give this thing 0 stars I would.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a bluetooth speaker for my MacBook to replace the sound of my home stereo system.  The sound was terrible. The sound is so thin you can hardly hear the person talking. I've replaced it with a generic sound system I purchased on eBay and it sounds just fine. I don't understand why you would sell something that doesn't work as advertised.    Was this review helpful to you?  1 of 1 people found this review constructive.  that's how you get your money  Was it helpful to do a search  yes No   5 of 5 people found the following review helpful:  Excellent product. , June 13, 2012 Reviewer: Richard M from Toronto, ON Canada This is my third of the same product. I have a pair of these speakers hooked up to my AppleTV and an iMac. They are great. I use them in my den listening to music on my iPad. It was great to have them be my only sound.  of the product's other reviews, read this one  Reviewer: Darryl S from Saint George, Utah, United States   I've had several of these units, and they're still working well. These are the best Bluetooth speakers I've seen. I'm also happy to see the return policy. Great product!   of the product the products other reviews: read this  Reviewer: M. C. from Atlanta, GA, United states I have tried several Bluetooth speakers but none can compare with this one. I am very happy with it.   Product of the Day: . I ordered a new USB microphone, and it works better than the one I used before. I like it better, because it has an inline mic, so it's not attached to my mouse or keyboard, which means it doesn't have to be in my line of sight.   a new CD Player, and I don't have this problem, because I can listen to my music anywhere.  to my sound is good. I know that sounds odd, but it's true.  . I don´t have any issue with the Bluetooth, but with the built-in speakers - they are not loud enough to be used for my music, and that´s why I bought the new one. That´s the problem that I have with the one that I bought. If you want to have good quality speakers and not use the built in
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This phone does everything it advertises it can do. The audio quality and microphone on this phone was very good, however, there was a glitch with the mic where the mic kept popping up and the audio was out of sync.   I would recommend the phone but the problem it had is still present. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a fan of a lot of cheap laptops with big monitor for years but the one my son got was horrible - they have to push it down into a tiny case with the tiny battery and the display is terrible. i replaced the display with a Samsung display and a much better unit. i had it in two days but i cant help but wonder if the screen was defective, even the display didnt work at all when it was off. ive also had problems with a cheap iphone which had no wireless. its not like they made good tablets, just some shitty iphones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 is horrible, you need a macbook or a new android phone for that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little over a year and ive used it alot as a home theater computer. i have not been happy with it. i purchased it because it is the best i could find for the price. the sound is pretty good at low volume (if you are listening to some really low level music) but once you raise the volume, it gets pretty muddy and harsh. i also noticed that the usb ports on the side are on the back of the unit, not the front, the ones on the front are on each side. ive also noticed the ports are very loose when tightened and iced the unit and all of the buttons on it. (the usb ports arent that bad, but the buttons arent). its not really a deal breaker because it works great. but i think it should come with the usb to power and usb to mic ports on it, its very convenient to have these ports when you are going to be on the go. (although i guess if theres something that you need to take out with you when you go on the road, youll need to buy a small case to protect it and also protect the usb cords as well)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a lot of high end audio gear and all of my gear is USB type.  I bought the SoundBlaster for a friend who has a high end stereo system.  It came with a lot less blower power than the one in my system, but it can still provide good sound.  For the money it was a great deal.  The sound is very good, but you still need to use a decent blower for it to really shine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the 3DS and it works great except for one problem. The DS lags very bad and I have to turn it all the way down because it won't turn on. It doesn't matter if I press and hold the power button, it won;t turn on, and if I turn the power on and then hold it down. I am very disappointed and it was only worth $25.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was used to help move my  back yard fence on Saturday.    The device did exactly what it was supposed to.  The only issue that I have had is a piece of wire was caught between two pieces of the fence.  I'm not sure if there was anything wrong with the fence or the device that caused this but it definitely isn't the fault of the device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a Kobo Aura H2O for my college. It was only good for reading and writing on my phone so I was happy with that. I bought a KA7A for my iPhone 5. It has terrible reading and touch screen capabilities. I couldn't tell the difference between the Kobo and the KA5A. The KA3 does not have the same "wow" factor that the K2 did. The reading and typing experience is just not the same. There is just no reason for this device. If you are like me and you are just an average person who needs the ability to use a computer with the ability of reading on your device then you may not be bothered by it. For people that are the type who are like the average person that like to read and want to write... This is a must have. I wish you guys would release a newer version of the Aura H. My original one lasted for about 8 years. I do not have much interest in my phone anymore but I still use it to read in my pocket when I don't want to carry it around.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The power cable that came with the adapter works great but the adapter itself is awful. There is a lot of resistance when plugged into the laptop. I would recommend not buying this adapter. It will not work.  " This is a good product. The cable has a lot less resistance than I expected and the connector is really smooth. The adapter does need some polishing on the ends but it is still a good adapter. I recommend it to anyone who is trying to upgrade or replace their old devices."  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about ZM4-2P High Voltage USB Power Adapters for PC / External Power Supply with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Customer Care FAQ.  Have an urgent question about this item? We monitor these comments daily, but it may be faster to email us directly or call us at (626) 286-0360. Our resident experts are standing by to answer your questions!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________ I purchased the iPad mini with an Intel processor. My unit has worked flawlessly, although it's been a few weeks. I was hoping to use the iPad app to check my email, and now that I am using the Apple app to view the email on my desktop, I have to retype the email when I come back to the iPad to view it. It would be nice if there was a keyboard option when you are in the app and the screen is off. The interface and the app seem to be very similar to the original iPad. I purchased it on sale at Amazon, and it is hard to find the original retail box for the device anymore. ___________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Bought this as a backup computer for my business, I have a Dell Inspiron 2720. The screen is the same, the keyboard and the trackpad are the same as well. So I figured I could replace my laptop and it would work just fine. Well I got it a day before it was due back and I noticed the screen is black. The first time I turned the laptop on it gave me an error saying it wasn't turned on. So then I tried the keyboard to the same effect. It didn't work, it turned itself on when it was done loading. Then the next morning I took it to Dell and got it fixed. I was thinking I would get a new one since this computer has such a good price tag. I should have known better as well, I paid $399 for it. It's worth $400 I guess, but the only time I turn it on it turns off within a few minutes, like it had a virus, or something. Not sure if this is a Dell problem or if I did something wrong when it's not working right. This is a great product, but it is a bit of a let down as well!  Noise Level/Noise Blocker:    This is one of my most used and favorite computer and its sound quality has greatly improved. It has been the same Dell Inspire laptop since 2004. I use this laptop for various applications such as word processing, online shopping and online gaming. Since the latest version of the laptop comes with a built-in microphone. Its also been my computer when I went on vacation, or during a family gathering. With that said, this laptop is still loud and is a noisemaker when it is turned on and off. I have read reviews where people have heard it loud as they were sleeping, so it is loud enough when it turns on and when the fans are running. So the noise doesn't bother me too much but it does bother others.  Lights:     For a budget computer this works well, but I would not recommend this for night time viewing. It comes with one small (3V) LED power and two big (6V) LEDs to display the date, battery life, and the current status. I installed them on a white plate that I got from Home Depot for $9. I put white duct tape on the LED strips so they will be visible when not in use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an old laptop i used to work on when i was in college. It had a terrible touchpad. My mouse got stuck halfway between the pad and the track pad. So now i have to manually press buttons for every move. ive tried going to an external usb and using the bluetooth option. However its still not very smooth. I was using a usb keyboard and trackpad too and the touchpad is really good. the laptop can be had for cheap but the touch pad just can't keep up with the competition.  ill try and get this laptop repaired again. I also used this laptop in class. my professor had this one and i had to repair it aswell as the rest of the class.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A good deal would be to have an easy on and off button so I don't have to fiddle with this thing or turn it on and on at least five times. I have to turn it off and on with the button on the back of the unit which is so clunky it looks like I'm moving it with my eyes when I'm trying to turn the unit on. I think this is a great deal and have purchased the same item in the past.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing since i bought it, i can't say its really bad but its pretty bad. when i plug it in it doesnt turn on, it seems to have a problem and doesnt shut down but shuts off when the battery is at 90%. i tried it 4 or 5 times and with the battery down it wont turn on. i have tried it 5 times in different ways and i couldnt figure out why its not working. now i have a backup to keep me going! i will recommend this only for a friend who is getting rid of this bad. so if you have a bad idea and it doesnt work go with the idea i got  Great device  By Anonymous on May 25, 2015  I have been using the Laptop USB for a few months now, its a great device. It has the power to store a whole laptop and has enough memory for my kids. I only wish the USB charger had 3.5 mm plugs so I could plug in my phone.  Best purchase ever  My first PC with Windows 8 (10 is coming soon)  It came in time to upgrade my PC. I don't like to spend a lot of money on my PC, so I thought I'd get the cheapest computer I could. I ordered it and didn't even notice it was a refurbished. It had the most recent OS, all updates, drivers, etc. The computer came with a little usb drive, so i opened the case and plugged it in. I couldn't believe the quality of this computer. I was running everything and it booted up on the first try. The best part was the video card, it's amazing and i was running games instantly. The only thing I wish it had was a little more memory, it has just enough to run the games I have. I also ran into a couple of problems, the power button keeps turning off but i haven't been able to get it to go back on by putting a screwdriver in the hole and pushing it all the way in. Also, my keyboard would not go back together, when I removed it from the case it would turn on but would not work. I will be replacing it. -Sebastian  The Best  This thing is amazing! If you want a cheap computer but don't want the hassle of installing Windows or installing an operating system then this is for you. It is so fast, the speed is amazing and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for about a year now and it still won't do anything. It comes in two different colours, white and black. It has been constantly giving me random messages on my phone which make no sense or do absolutely nothing. My last two attempts at a charge have been an hour long battery failure and no battery at all. It is an absolute waste of money. You need to use this product as a tool to try and get some information out of the device or you will need to send the device back. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very happy with this speaker but the volume was very low and it was very difficult to hear my music with my subwoofer speakers. I really had to use my sub as my primary speakers to be heard over the top. This is the second time I purchased this speaker and this is the only one that I am having problems with. A great sounding speaker. I'm having the same issues as the previous owner but after a few weeks, it worked itself out. I would recommend this speaker to anybody that likes big sound and a lot of bass. I am a big fan of the Soundmax brand. I have two of their speakers, and the ones in my vehicle are fantastic. I will continue to purchase from these guys. These are great speakers for the money. If you're looking for an inexpensive, high quality, sub powered, bass head. Get these. Worth the money! For the money these are great. If I had to complain I would say the plastic housing that the speaker came in is a bit flimsy and could easily be destroyed but I guess you can't have it all! I love my soundmax s100 speaker. It is an amazing little subwoofers that come with a very great little box and a little amp. They give off a strong, rich bass that is perfect for almost all my car audio applications. When I received this product the unit was in good condition. The subwoosh is powerful but it's just not loud enough for my need. I need the volume up higher and louder so I can hear music but still get a nice bass sound. If your looking for a subwooofer that does what it should and can handle your car audio needs without breaking the bank this is a great subwooper. Love these soundmax speakers. They fit perfectly in my jeep Cherokee. The bass is great, the sound is crisp and the volume is perfect. I highly recommend them for any car audio application and for your wallet. The Soundmax s 100 subwoever is a fantastic subwookey that puts out big bass. You'll have an amazing experience with this product. Great speaker for a great price. Good looking speaker. Does not get much louder than my JVC speaker, but that is not a problem. It has a nice deep bass. I use this for my car stereo, TV, laptop, and portable speakers. Very nice looking and performs
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the epson printer in the past but i've just returned it due to the fact it takes up a lot of space in my studio. i purchased this printer to replace my iphone which had a very bad quality image. i used to have a samsung galaxy phone with an amazing image quality. i've heard many good things about this printer but if you're on a tight budget i'd recommend waiting.  Rated 5 out of 5 by J. from Great image quality at a very affordable price I've been looking for an inexpensive, sturdy printer and this one fit the bill. It prints really well. The printer is easy to load and print from my Macbook Pro without having to transfer data to a PC. The paper is nice and cheap. It works great and the software is easy and intuitive to use.  in conclusion, great quality and value at an affordable price. - - - -  - I own a lot other printers and these are easily the best.  a great printer for your money  the only thing I wish they would have changed is the paper is so fine that I had to stop printing paper at the highest resolution setting. ,  so, so far so good  exactly what i was looking for.  to say that I am very pleased with my purchase,would buy again  5 out of 10  Reviewer: jennifer from iowa, iowa US I love this printer. It comes with a paperclip to hang the paper on the wall. I have not tried using the inkjet cartridge but the ink is very dry. This should last for a long time. If you like to print a lot and need a printer for work, this is your printer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    One thing that you have to be aware of is that there is no manual on how to use the cable from the cable to your computer.   They didn't even bother to include any information on how I should plug the cable into the computer or which cable to use.  I also got a bad connection with the cable on my first attempt to connect the computer and this was after a lot of frustration trying to figure out how to set it up to work on my computer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dave from Good product for the price. I used this for my computer keyboard and wireless keyboard. I needed to install the keyboard on my monitor at the same time I connected it to my computer using the USB cord. The USB cord would connect at one end but it was so short that it would not go to the other end. I had to purchase a longer USB cord and use an extension cord to connect my monitor to the keyboard. Then I used the extension cord and the keyboard to connect to my monitor. It worked perfectly. I would recommend this product.  a little tricky if you want to use it for wireless keyboard (wireless is a little hard to get to the mouse if you don't connect at the right way and connect at another end)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the fstm-40 for years now and it is a great unit, its just very heavy, even more so if you hold it in your hands, its not made for holding with one hand. ive tried to use it in my pocket but i always had to put it down.  ill be sure to buy another one of these but its not worth it.  My Favorite I am a high end musician and recording engineer. I purchased the FSTM-40 with my first FST-40 unit for use with my Roland CGR-10D and my own Roland Juno-6.   I am a big fan of the Roland Juno unit because it is so versatile but the CGR10D has always been my goto when I want to go out and experiment with new sounds and sound design. With the Fstm 40, the Cgr10D sound is absolutely perfect. It can go from a heavy, full sounding "Bass" sound to a nice mellow and smooth "Jazz" sound, and it does it all with a very high degree of detail and precision. The Cgr-10 has never sounded better in my opinion.   I really like this unit for all those reasons but I will never use it with the C-GR-20 because it has a very different and heavier sound with a lot of distortion that I just don't need. I am glad I purchased my Fst-40 and will most likely get another one in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a couple weeks now. i dont understand why it takes so long to charge. its supposed to take around 5 hours. the device starts working again and its working. but it takes too long. i hope they change the charging method soon. theres a few reasons: 1) i get the feeling that they are using some weird process to make sure they don't overcharge the batteries. (i guess they have a reason but im not sure what it is) 2) the charging is slow and not very efficient. 3) the power brick does not seem like it can hold a charge for too long so you have to charge it several times before the battery starts working. 4) the bluetooth doesnt seem to be working. 5) the usb hub is pretty flimsy and seems to work well as a charger but you cant plug it in without disconnecting from bluetooth first.  Review by: Rufus Rating I like this. Works well, good battery life, and does what i expect.  a bit pricey for a charger. but that is what they said they were going for. - no backlight  - doesn't show charge levels  i also bought the charger but had a hard time finding it  this was good for what i needed though  Good charger and worth the money  I'm happy with this charger  the usb hub could be better  good product  nice and easy to use and charging is fast. .  in the end i gave it 4 out of 5 stars  Pros - works - works well - works good - works long Cons - not backlit - doesnt show charge - doesnt charge quickly - too expensive  Comments  so far so good, but i am still unsure on this. , a bit expensive for a cable. but i'm not sure how much i can actually save by buying this instead of the cable.so far, so good. a bit of a pain in the butt when it comes to pairing your device up with the computer though.but with time, that will get better.i like that you can choose between 5v and 3v. however, if you plan on charging at high power, i'd recommend either 5v or 3v, but not both.i'd probably use a 5v charger with a laptop, but a 3v charger would be perfect. if you need a USB 3.0 charger, get the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a replacement for my old PC with a hard drive failure, this one is much, much better. I was looking at buying another for a backup to my new phone so the price was right.  This is a great product, it works really well, I would suggest you take the time to learn how to use this one.   . I have a hard time finding good reviews for this product. The fact that there is no manual that can be found is a big red flag. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the N1 to have for back up while I am traveling. The camera is amazing, but it also takes crappy pictures. The software can get you on the road in under 3 minutes, but you still have to wait for about 30 seconds before you can click the button to start the camera. The video has horrible compression. My video is not HD, and I would need a second phone to watch the movie. I know how to use the buttons, but this is the main reason I am returning the N-1. I'm giving this N1 4 stars because of the quality of the camera and the software, but I could have done better for my pocket.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is a little to large for me to use, and the volume controls and buttons are all the way to the left, which makes them hard to reach, and makes it hard to press all the buttons.  I will have to return this product and look for something smaller.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have used many of the cheaper models, but the quality is all over the place, the screen is often flickering, and is a pain to use. I bought this on a whim. I'm so happy I did, because it makes my computer much more comfortable to use and is much nicer to look at. I don't know if it's the design of the connector, but it feels very sturdy and comfortable, even though it's smaller than I had hoped.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images  Verified Purchase This product works fine. I had trouble with the original keyboard though. I ended up returning it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really wanted to like this device but after a few months of using it with my iPhone 4 I have lost my faith in the product and I would not recommend to anyone for my main purpose. I will not be buying a new one in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you want a good product but your first computer will be a crappy one (with the exception of the Apple II). If you need your first PC for your first job or you want to keep your hands free at home during the day... this is the unit for you.   The PC comes with a 5 meg hard drive and an Intel 8088 processor. It also has a built in CD-ROM drive and a VGA adapter. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When i purchased this i thought it would be nice to have a few extra buttons but i was wrong. They are very stiff and they are easily bent. I have bent several buttons. If you use them on an electric tool you will bend them off and have a hard time fixing them. These buttons do not fit into any of the other buttons I have had problems with but they should fit in the other four. I don't know what they were thinking. The buttons are made to be cheap so if they are supposed to last they should have some kind of an extra set in case you bent them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________ I have purchased several items from this company over the past 2 years and this is the worst I have seen. The first item I ordered was the USB drive for my iPod. I ordered the first one because I liked that I could download all my music to the USB. I was able to stream music on my PC and my iPad. However when I got it the USB was not inserted correctly. The second time I got this item I put in my iPod and then put in the drive. I could not get it to function correctly. It did not work, the USB cable just was not in the right position. I contacted them but they did not even acknowledge that it was a problem with the USB, it was only mentioned that it did not come with the drive and that it would be shipped to me in a couple of days. I tried all the other things I had tried to get it working and it did nothing. I sent it back for a refund and I am still waiting for it to be shipped back. If I could give them zero stars I would. I am very disappointed with this company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my cell phone. I can't imagine using this as a PC, and I don't need a computer in the house anyway. It has to be connected to a monitor/TV in order for it to run and have internet. I bought it to replace a very old one that only used one of the USB ports (not sure about the others). I bought this for the wireless, because I used to have a cheap phone that had the wireless capability. I had to buy an adapter just to get a computer to work with my phone. My old phone only had a few gigabytes of RAM (compared to my new one that has over 4 GB) and it could only run my phone for about 10-15 minutes at a time before it had to turn itself off. That's a lot of use and not very useful. My new phone has the same amount of memory but can run my PC and many apps for hours.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only thing I can see with this device is that it's a little bit big compared to my iPod.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device worked as advertised. My only problem with this device is that it is extremely hard to use when it's fully charged. I have to constantly monitor the battery voltage and be ready to take it off charger when it runs down. So far this is the only problem I have with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i have an iHome ipod which is the worst electronic device i have ever seen in my life. It never works properly, the screen goes black every time i turn it on and the buttons are all hard to press. There is not enough storage. i had to buy the extra memory on the back because the iHome had a faulty chip. The battery is useless and takes at least half an hour to charge. And there is no way to connect it to your ipod because it doesn't have a usb port. If you are using your ipad everyday on the bus and it gets a lot of abuse then this is the perfect electronic device for you. If u go to iHome you should take out the battery and just use an external battery.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my iw7000 for about 6 months and its the worst piece of crap ive ever bought. ive dropped it so many times, it's so soft it falls apart everytime i touch it and its not even waterproof.   i tried getting my friend to buy it so we could play online but its just too slow.  i had to upgrade to a macbook pro for the ultimate gaming experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This unit is terrible. Its a really cool unit for $45. i love to play with the game but the screen on the top of the unit is awful. The screen is so low resolution and very hard to read. When i turned the game on it just stuck at the loading screen. the only good thing about the unit was when i went to play the game my ps3 connected to it automatically turned on automatically. I would not recommend this unit. i am going to look for a new console to play this.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I have had my new iPad for less than 24 hours. It is a great device, I just don't like the feel of the touch screen. I was having problems with my computer but not with my iPad. I downloaded the latest apps, downloaded a movie from the iTunes store and then everything was working fine. Then a few days later the touch screens on my iPad became very slow and would turn off and on. I don't know if it's my computer or if the touch panels are so bad, but I haven't had any problems with the touch panel since my last update to the software. I just thought I would let you guys know that my iPad has been a great product but the touch control panels have become unreliable over the last month. I'm sorry, I'm not happy!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this as a replacement for a laptop that had a faulty hard drive and no hard drive. It worked for about 2 days. After that, the hard drive crashed again and I was back in business. My computer is still working fine.  The power cord is really hard to use and is too short for most of my cables.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My son is having a huge problem with this keyboard. We had the original keyboard for 3 years and have tried many replacement keyboards. This one is the worst, the keycaps are cheap and poorly soldered. Our son has been having headaches for months and the keyboard does nothing for him. His hands look like they are covered in spaghetti. The battery life is terrible and the fact that it has no backlight is a huge waste of money. He is going to try to use it for something else and leave the keyboard where he found it. I wish this computer was a big deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  If you can't read a message that has already been sent by an e-mail service, you probably shouldn't be using the service. _________________  "Your life is your own and no one else's." ~Anonymous
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  by Mike H. on 5/3/2014 byon 5/103/2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using my new PDA for about a week now and have discovered a very serious bug in it. When I try to open an email or read an article I find that the screen is completely black. I can't get into the email program at all. The same goes for my laptop. I had to spend a lot of money in order to have this repaired. Please be very aware of this and if you do have problems please do not purchase it. I would give it one star if it was not for that bug. Rated 1 out of 5 by JoeC from Disappointing  I've owned this for over a year and it's been perfect. My main uses are blogging, twitter, facebook, and twitter. It was my go to for years and it has been perfect for that time. Unfortunately, after purchasing and updating firmware to the latest, the PDA became unstable. I constantly lose connectivity on twitter. I've been able to get back to twitter once, but then have to wait about 3-4 seconds to reconnect. Once connected to twitter, I cannot read any posts on the page. I cannot send a tweet. Everything is black. The screen is frozen and will not turn on. I'm going to call Samsung to have a technician remove the chip from my PDA as I feel it is causing my problems. I am in complete despair because the PDS is very high quality and my phone and pda are worth more than this one. It has been like this since a few weeks of ownership and Samsung needs to fix this very quickly. I will be asking for a refund. I know how hard it is to get a replacement product after a one year warranty...  Rated 5 out of, 3 reviews have this. Works great. We've had it about two months and love it. It's great for twitter/instagram. We can't tell it's a mobile!  This item was provided by the manufacturer and does not come with a warranty. If this item should fail to work within the first three months, this warranty is void. This item should not be left in a hot car as this may permanently damage the screen. This device is subject to periodic maintenance which may include software updates. Please refer to the owner's manual for information regarding software updates for the PDE6500. To view the manufacturer's warranty information, click here.  If the device does have a problem, you can contact Samsung's Customer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is a piece of junk. The power supply is so bad that I had to put the screen on the end of a paper clip, it wouldn't stay on. My first experience with the Epson is in my garage, it came with a bunch of manuals to read, but the first thing I did when I got it was to read all the old ones. It's no longer on the market I have a new one and the same problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this in January and installed in a portable device I carry in my car at all times. I've used it about 20 times so far. It's not that the device is bad, it just doesn't work for me. It takes too long to get the settings back to what they were. I purchased this device with my name on it. I will be contacting the manufacturer to see if they can correct this problem.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 22, 2012  A great product  by Kari from Florida United States  Pros: great for the price  Cons: it has a low power output which makes it unreliable  Review: Worked great for my son to do his school project. It was easy to setup and use. He was able to use it during his lunch hour to listen to his music. If your children are smart they would love it too!  Works great!  a little loud for my taste  By Robert from San Diego United States
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought the same thing for 3 days now and its not working properly ive had it on the side of my house for 5 years and ive never had any problems with it ive got it on an open charger ive put it in a bag and put it on my car in the garage with my laptop and now it wont charge the laptop i dont know whats wrong with it but it willnt turn on
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!  This item is junk I bought it to replace a cell phone I lost because the battery quit working. I plugged it in and nothing happened. My husband took it to get repaired (and the lady said it was a bad one) but it took me several days to find a store that carried it. It's no good now.   The one time I plugged in the charger for a while and the charger was not hot anymore.  :  - The batteries that came with my EEEV5 are junk  There are 2 batteries, 1 for the power button and the other for the bluetooth. It takes the blu button battery for a little over 2 hours and the power one battery for only about 2 hours. It is a good price for the Eeev5 but I would expect better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have used my iStick 50w for a while now, the quality of the product is really good, and the price is decent as well.   What happened is when I got it I decided to start using it with my XM-L2 Tungsten flashlight, the light worked great, and when I went to recharge it my light only went on after charging for 4 hours and it shut off instantly, I took the unit off, and went back and took it apart, and noticed the two contact plates in the bottom of the device were corroded, after replacing both of them, the battery worked fine, I haven't tried the light again, I'm just going to have to let it sit and recharge.  , I have to say the only thing I would change about this product is that the box was not kept on a flat surface, so when I removed the battery, the little black plastic tabs came right out.   as far as I'm concerned this is an amazing device, great for the price, no doubt about it.   (Posted on 12/6/2013)  Good product, bad packaging, not durable enough, not the best choice for a starter kit. Review by Rhett. (Posted On 6/29/2013 )  This product is great, works well and is lightweight. I have two for my daughter as well but she doesn't really use them. The one that was in my order was the wrong color and came damaged so I replaced it and it was also damaged. I will not be ordering the second one again.  If you get the wrong one you will have a bad time using it. (I received the box damaged and had to send the unit back for repair. Not a deal breaker but I wanted to let people know about the issue.)  Bottom line, don't buy the second battery.  (Posted By On 4/7/2012) . Review of: iTick iTick 100W I got this one as a gift for a college friend. It was a very nice gift, but I am not satisfied with it. The first thing I noticed was that the batteries don't seem to be very good quality. The ones in my unit were dead before I got the batteries. The second thing is that they were wrapped in some kind of cardboard, the one I received was wrapped in plastic wrap. They don't hold up very well in water. I would recommend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased an old iPod touch for my 11-year old son. It was a great little device. Well, he never used it because it would no longer work. I went out on a limb and took a chance on a new iPod touch. Well it broke. I had to pay for a new device.    Was this review helpful? Yes No Version: 7.0  Rating:  I have been a long time Apple customer. But after the iPhone 5c went on sale, I bought two. I was so excited for the  . I finally had a nice   on my hand. Now the new iPhone 6 is supposed to bring the good old   back. But the  i7 chip  is not as fast and smooth as the  3g   when   was on   that  i used to have. I am disappointed that my  i was replaced with a 3g. My  iPhone 6 will probably be replaced by my   3G.  Thank you.  ----------------------------------------------------------  1722 Amazing  Posted by - 25th September 2014   I bought this a month ago but never got it. After a long wait, i got my money back, i can't wait for the new model.    -----------------------------------------------------------  1656 Great purchase   Posted by John - 12th September 2015   So far it works perfect. No errors. My first and only purchase from the website so i must say its amazing!  A+  Did you find this helpful? yes no  Answer:  to be honest, i was nervous to order as i've had no problems with other ipods from apple in the past but i bought this as i figured the 6 will be my main one. I love the camera on it. But its not fast as the apple iphone. It feels like it has to be turned off and on every second to record. Its not as smooth as iphones but it works very well. I dont mind the price or the size. Its nice having a backup if you ever need one. As for delivery it took 2 weeks and i ordered it on a friday. I still had to wait a week to receive it. The next day I got my ipod and was a little disappointed because its not as light as a iphONE.  a little to small in the hand. I would have
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I own two of these and have only had them for a month. They are easy to use and work well. I love that you have a built in fan, however it is very loud. I also have a very loud baby in the room and I would imagine it would be loud enough to be disturbing for my baby. I do have a vent in the floor and I can feel the noise from the baby even though the room is quiet. I bought the AC adapter for the fan, but I would not buy it again. I am looking at a new air conditioner for my home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works fine for what it is, but it breaks so often and is so expensive that it is not worth it. The battery is a tiny li-ion battery, so the charger is really small and the battery is the same li- ion size, so it will run for weeks.  The only positive is that the cable to charge the battery works fine, so you won't have to find a USB port somewhere else to charge it.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Jgut from I wanted to try this device to see if it worked with my digital camera for shooting video on my iphone.  It has worked perfect.  I also bought the remote for my phone that is made by samsung.  The wireless technology  seems to be very good, it does have a range of 100 feet and you cannot miss anything.   I did not find anything that was really great about this device.  This is a good basic model for you to have if you are a videographer.  It does have an external usb connection to use on your computer.  This is also an excellent device to use to record video on your iphones or iphodos (this is not a great iphoner) or ipads or    tablets.  Also the battery life for the camera is long.  Also it is very easy to use.  All in all I would recommend this product.  For more information on this device see the links below: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a good quality GPS unit for my car so I bought this from a local electronics store. The GPS is very accurate but is hard to change GPS satellites, no auto track and a few other glitches. I will never buy another GPS unit from this company!  Excellent GPS for the price I purchased the GPS for my vehicle and so far so good. I have an older Toyota truck that requires the GPS every year. I also purchased a Garmin for my boat and it works great. It also has built in map updates to the phone and the maps come up quick when I need them. It has all of my usual functions but the maps are much better than my Garmin. This is the best GPS I have ever purchased, so far.  No GPS, GPS in the phone This thing has a GPS but no map on it, its a GPS on a phone  Great! I was going to buy a standalone GPS unit, but I found the app to be much better, and the GPS was pretty decent, but the map was terrible. I've had this device for about 2 weeks now and sofar, the maps seem to be the best they've ever been. GPS seems to work quite well for the first couple weeks, but once you start moving the data from the smartphone to the GPS, there is no way that will ever be good.   So far I am very happy with the device and the price was a great deal considering how much the device does. ,  Good Buy!! GPS is accurate. I was initially skeptical of buying a GPS, but after having it for a month it is working great and its not that expensive. Only real issue is with the map, the app doesn't use the maps on the phone like the real GPS does. I would suggest buying a map and maps separately as it will save you a lot of money, and get you a much better map.   in other words, its not bad  A great product for a very cheap price Excellent device! The GPS functionality on my phone is excellent. This device is great for those who use a phone for navigation. I especially like the ability to have my smartphone automatically upload maps on my smart phone when I get home. So far, I've been using it with a T-mobile phone and my Samsung Galaxy S4, both have had no issues with the GPS. I am happy and I think this would be a great buy for someone looking for an
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit when it was on sale for $79.00 at my local Best Buy. I plugged it in and had to turn it off and then back on again to get it to work. I then had to do this again because of the way I installed the plug to my new computer. Once I finally figured it out and plugged it all the way in, it worked! However, my computer doesn't have USB ports. It was not plugged in until after my son got in his first day at school. So my first thought is that it won't charge for at least one or two hours. I'll be calling them to see if it's due to the USB ports being in an awkward place or if I'm doing something wrong. Either way, I'll probably get a different model for $75.00 when I get my next computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My iPod is still working fine in my car but now I can no longer download music to it. I don't know if I bought the wrong model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the unit thinking it was the best thing to happen to phones. The unit has several issues I am sure you are aware of already, but it also has one that I haven't come across:  The touch sensitive buttons on the bottom of the phone (or the top if you flip the phone back and forth) are very difficult to press. It takes me a few tries to get the dialpad to work (or to reach the home button).  There is no way to push the button on the back of the unit to send a text message (it has no buttons on it), you have to press the "back" button to get to the main menu.  I can use it to send messages, but I can't get it to search for a message on my phone and reply to it, which would be the purpose of the function.  The power button on my unit is too close to the phone on the front (as seen in the picture below).  When you push the power button it only lasts about 2 seconds.    So what is the deal with these buttons, well in reality, that is the issue. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these bads and they are extremely sensitive. I've had them for over 3 years and they continue to break/fail. My bad guys keep going out after 2 weeks of no use. I would not purchase these again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This tv has been a complete waste of money. I have not had a good experience with any television I have purchased. The picture quality is terrible, even after I adjusted it to get to a level that was satisfactory. The sound quality is horrendous. I had to turn it on every hour or so in order to get any sound. I will never buy another tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this keyboard for almost 2 years now and has failed on several occasions. not a huge deal, but i am constantly buying new ones for the desktop, as its always the case when i need a keyboard.   Did you find this helpful? 5 of 5 Found Helpful  David  5  Reviewed by:from Houston. on 9/19/2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've purchased 4 or 5 of these. I like that the usb-to-vacuum device is very thin. When it arrives I unbox it, and immediately remove the battery from it. When I unplug it, the USB cable doesn't come with it. The cable is a little on the thin side, too. It is not very long. If you're having problems with the device and don't have the USB-C cable, I would suggest ordering a replacement and cutting off one of the USB plugs. The other one is really long. When you use a mouse, keyboard or anything like that, the device will not stay plugged into the computer for more than 10-15 seconds.  Sometimes it's only a couple seconds, sometimes more than a minute.  The first time it came out of the box, it's not plugged in.   After 2 months of not using it, I plugged it in, and it went into USB 3.0.  After a month of using it everyday, I had to take it apart, I couldn't find a way to plug it into a usb hub, and so I had it in the back of the car the whole time.  The usb-hub is a joke. If it was a 1/8" or 3/16" or 1/4" it would be perfect.  It is so flimsy. I have a 1.2 amp hub, I don't think I would want to have to disconnect it and put it back in so many times.  My advice to other people buying this device is, if you want to use a usb-c cable, buy the 1.5m (3ft) USB-A cable instead of the one that is included.  If you want the "newer" USB-to USB cable, go to micro-fiber or whatever and buy the extra one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was useless. It was great at one point in time, but then stopped working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought these to replace the cheap, flimsy, and broken iPhone and Android devices my roommate and I have. They were easy to put together and use. After they were set up, I couldn't use them to its full extent. I couldn�t use them for email, Facebook, and YouTube. I had to leave them off. One was getting in the way. So, I returned them and got a couple of different tablets instead. Overall, good value for the money. It is a shame that these were not made in the United States, but they are not bad enough to drop $500 on them, even if they were.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for this for over 2 weeks now and it never comes in the mail it comes back to me like every day and i have to wait for weeks to receive it because of the post office in my area is so slow. i have no idea why my company doesnt care about customers and makes them wait for a year for a refund when they know the product is crap but that is my company. i guess the only reason i gave this product three stars is because of it being cheap and easy to use. and i was able to get the replacement cable on sale that i needed. i'm thinking this is the best wireless router i have used. but i guess i am not impressed with the build quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have owned an old Apple iBook for nearly 15 years. It's a brilliant machine and the battery life on it is very good. The last thing I wanted was to upgrade to the latest iPad.   The new iPad has a much more powerful chip and therefore it is faster and more responsive. The new iPad also has 3G connectivity and I was worried about having a slow device with poor battery life.  . I don't know what the battery problem is, but this device is so slow, that I have to wait several minutes to make a call.   and the problem gets worse with heavy browsing (reading) and the screen turns black on me. After about 3-4 hours, the battery completely dies.   to add insult to injury, there is a screen protector and no option to purchase it. So I'm stuck with a battery that won't last more than 4 hours of continuous use.   that's all I can say. This device should be replaced. It is an absolute waste of money. I wouldn't give it to anyone.  " The iPad 2 has a faster CPU than the iPad 1, and thus more memory, for a given storage size. I have two iPad 1's, both have the same storage space as the iPhone 3GS. The iPad 1 has 4GB, and the iPad 2, 6GB."   "The biggest problems for me is the design of the battery. It seems that Apple did not make the right choice here in choosing lithium polymer. This is a battery with a lot of issues. I had to replace the battery of my first iPad, and I know what to expect from the new one. This battery was not rated for the new iPad. And yes, the replacement was free. My iPad 2 battery lasted for a very long time - up to 3 days, and at that time I had no problems with the battery, just with the new screen. The screen was just too bright, and when I'm in my car, I have issues with the brightness. So this battery just has its own problems."   The battery lasted the full three days. I'm still waiting for my new battery. I bought this in order to do video editing. I was really impressed with the functionality of the iPhone camera. Then I got the iPad. It wasn't fast enough for me. I thought the iPod touch was fast enough, and it was. But this one, just isn't. When I do video and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've been trying out many different devices, but I've had bad luck with the original one I bought last year. It would get hot, get hot and then get cold, no matter what I did. If you want to save money buy this one.    Works Great - October 20, 2012 - October 2020 I bought this device several weeks ago for a new project I'm working on. As the owner of a Macbook Pro I wanted a lightweight USB hard drive that was easy to use with my computer. I have been able to use it to backup and manage my photos and media files in my desktop folder. I'm very impressed with this device. It's a great value for the money and I'm excited to have it on my machine.   of a great device... - July 21, 2012 – June 24, 2017 I have to say the usb drive I received from my purchase of this product was a great buy for the price. The only thing I was concerned about was I wanted to make a couple of backup copies of my favorite music, but after reading a number of reviews I thought it would be safer to do it on the computer (since the USB drive is flash memory), so when I got the drive I was a bit skeptical. But this was not a problem at all. It was very easy to connect to my computer and copy files to it. As for the performance, it has performed as I had hoped. I didn't run into any issues. I was able to copy files from my phone to it and it transferred everything without a hitch. For those of you worried about a single flash drive on your computer, don't be. The drive that came with this machine is a small, portable one and does not run hot when it's not in use. I also tried to put the drive in a small laptop with an optical drive, but the drive wouldn't fit. I did, however, put the internal flash drive I had in my old laptop (from the same company) in the new USB flash drive that comes with this unit. It still works. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month, and after that i found the software was buggy. it had the software running all the time. i did not even know this could happen until after i got the computer. i tried to uninstall it (and i thought that would solve everything, but nothing) then finally i had to turn it off and then restart it. i have the keyboard and the trackpad but the usb is stuck in a half way mode, and when i try to reconnect it, i am told that this is the way the firmware works (i think i need to take a picture to be sure) and the screen does not work on my pc or laptop at all. i found this out when i was reading my manual. it took about 5 minutes to figure this out. there is only 3 things that work with it, the track pad, the keyboard, and the wifi, and everything else is either buggy, or not working. not worth the money.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________ Hi all, My 2nd android device that I have had. I am really impressed with the new android experience and the ability to play music and play games from my android phone! It is a nice sound system. No complaints! ____________________________________________________ - The phone feels great. It has an aluminum frame and the screen is a high quality 1080p. It is easy to hold but if you are expecting a large screen or like using it for gaming you will be disappointed. - The battery life is good, but it does die about 1/3 of the time, the rest of the battery life I found it to be better than my s6 and s6 edge. - It does not have a microSD card slot and it is hard to get out of the phone as it is so small. - I would give it a 4/5 if it came with an SD card. - One thing to note is if you try to switch it off with the "Volume Down" button when you are doing something like watching videos, you can hear a loud beeping noise that will tell you to turn it back on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've used the K3 a number of times. I use it for my DJ setup and it works fine. It does however get very warm. I keep it at around 20 degress. I've tried changing it to the colder setting, and it still gets too warm. It gets so hot you can burn your hand and fingers trying to use it. If you have a hot hand, it might be ok. But not for me. If it was just a little cooler, I could say that it works as intended. If this is not a problem for you, then I would recommend it. But if you are going to be running a small club, you will want something else.  Nice Product, but... by David - 12/10/2011  Recommended  Was this review helpful to you? YES ( 0 ) | NO ( 0)  Great! by David B. - 12-11/2010  Pros: light weight, very quiet (for a USB sound card!), good price for a good product, looks like it will last a long time, very easy to use! Cons: no manual, no USB interface to connect to your computer, and if you're not a computer guru you won't be able to figure out how to use the interface. Other Thoughts: It's awesome. - David B  Love it! by John - 12,08/2010 - USA  Review: I have had this in my DJ set for the last few years and it does the job. The only downside is that it gets hot.  the price was right and I don't mind paying for quality and reliability.  to get the USB interface I had to buy a controller and then add the USB card which was a bit of a pain.  that being said I have been using this for almost a year and will continue to.  and the price is excellent.    - John B. ,  WOW! by Stephen - 11/14/2010,  in reply to above review - USA -  was a little disappointed at first but I just have to let it run for a few days before telling you if it is truly worth it, just as a DJ and music enthusiast I can see where you're coming from but it does get warm and I'm going to do my best to keep my hands off it until it cools down. I also do a lot of sound programming and mixing so
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If I could I would have bought this item in the store and return it I would probably rate it 3/5.   I purchased this item to go along with my "Lucky" USB battery charger and the charger would not turn on and stay on the phone it was charging when it was plugged into the AC adapter.  It didn't seem to matter if I kept the AC charger plugged in or not so I left it plugged in.  The charger is not very rugged and even with the battery charger that comes with the computer, it was still getting hot even when the AC was running on the lowest setting.  If you buy this item make sure you buy an adapter for it to work properly with your computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was my first time using an iStick as a replacement for my iphone 4.  It took me several tries to get the iSticky to work. It's very difficult to get it to hold the battery when it doesn't.  I did eventually get it and it did work, but the first few times, I lost my battery and had to go to the store for a replacement. I'm glad I finally got one that works, but I would not recommend using it as a primary device.  Style of construction: It's a solid little device, very simple and not too fancy.  The only thing I can think of that might make this device better would be to have some more buttons to change settings and have a better battery door on the top.   Value for the money:  It's probably a good deal for most people, but it's an expensive device.  In comparison to the iphones/ipads/tablets, it's not half bad.  But if your looking for a small battery to get some extra hours of life out of your phone, this is probably a better choice. I love this iphoner.  My old iPhone 4 is no longer being supported by apple.  With this device I can charge my ipad and iSticks to full and then charge my phone via usb and use the new screen as a second screen on my ips.  Great little device for the price. If you have an iphoness (not iPhone, iPad, Samsung, whatever) get the ips instead.  This is an istick that charges your iphons too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is a bad deal.  It lasts barely 2 weeks.  I have a Sony A6500 (A9) So I have owned this camera for about 5 months now.    What I would like to know is is it going to be any good?   If so, I have already invested over $500 in gear to keep it working.  The other day, I tried to get a couple of shots in and this is what I got: 1st attempt - no image.  You can see the light is pretty bright as it is in the dark room.  Second attempt - still no image  This was during my first week of use with the camera.  It is not so bad when it comes to low light, but with the auto focus set to 2.5, the camera is pretty much useless.  I tried it once with a flash on.  With a flash, the image was still bad.  This camera is an absolute joke for low light.  That being said, you can get decent low light shots with this camera. For indoor shots, I don't know what to do. The camera auto focus is way off.  Some of these shots were taken indoors on the wall and the auto-focus was WAY off.     The worst part is the image stabilization.    I used it once to get some outdoor shots.  In that case, I didn't even try using auto focus, because I thought that would be better.  Now I have to do manual focusing again because the image is still blurry with the image stabilizer enabled.  For some reason, I just can't get any good pictures.  After a week or so of use, the auto features have just become useless. My other complaints:   -  Lack of good battery life -   I was getting about 2.6 to 3 hours of use from a fully charged battery.  However, with the flash on, the battery was at 10% and I have only been using this camera 3 days.  - No video output -  I know this camera doesn't have a video output, but when the flash was on, it didn't make any sound.  (The camera does make a sound with the video output.)   While I understand the reasoning behind not having a video recording capability, it just really sucks to use this camera when you need to be able to view
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* I have two of these. 1. Not working. 2. I did not find the right cable (2 prong) to plug it into. 3. I can't turn the unit off! 4. The power is out! 5. I have to unplug from power to un-plug to power to turn off! ****************************** ***** This is a piece of junk. My wife has had it for almost 5 years. I bought one on Ebay for $20.00 and installed it in our house. This thing still doesn't work, no matter which way you try to turn it off. I turned off the computer, switched it to sleep mode, switched to it off and then turned it back on. No power! I can turn it on and off with the power cord but it still won't turn off. The instructions are good but the unit isn't working. I am going to have to send it back to get a new one. If you are going to spend $40.00 on this junk, make sure you get the right cord, don't make the mistake I made and get it the wrong way around.  Rated 2 out of 5 by Anonymous from bad plug This was my first time dealing with Apple. I had been looking at these units in the store for weeks and finally got an account. The person I spoke with was very friendly and even went out of his way to give me the best advice I could get. When I picked this up I knew that I had just made a huge mistake. I thought that they would have had some kind of a switch that would make it easier to install in a wall outlet. I was a little disappointed because after a week of trying I could not get it to turn on. I then realized that the plug on the back of the unit was NOT designed to go in an outlet with a 2 prong cord. The cord had to be cut off. And then when I tried to plug in the unit it still wouldn't turn on and wouldn't power it down. I finally realized that if the cord wasn't cut off I would have gotten no power at all, but with the cord cut off it worked fine. So, after the first month of having this unit I could no longer recommend Apple to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine for years and i still dont get why people would pay a whole lot of money for it and have no clue what they get in return. i dont care what the specs say or what other people say because i can't use it, its a waste of money. ive also bought a couple of "new" ones and when i took them apart the internals of one of them were the wrong color. the first one was black and the second one was pink. both had the same internals and the only difference was the color. so dont get it and dont buy them. its been more than 10 years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It is amazing how the best tech is sometimes even worse than the average consumer. I purchased the moto x (2nd gen) last week, after reading some reviews online about the battery life. After a day of use the battery was down to about 50%. I was very disappointed with the phone. It had been months since my last phone with a solid battery. This phone will last about a week, maybe less.   Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product and used it for over a year. ive had some issues: the sound is not very loud ive connected a set of monitors to it and it still didnt sound loud enough.  also ive tried using the same cable to connect 2 computers, the sound quality has suffered. the usb ports are also useless for the type of devices i use it for. i have never really had a good experience with computer peripherals in general.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Magpul® M-LOK® Fixed Stock Stock with Magpulate QD Sling Attachment - Black with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike community forums. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! , or based on your preferences. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I was having fun with my iPod Nano for a while but then it became very unstable. Now I find the battery is very weak and I find it difficult to make long runs of iTunes. It also has trouble charging and sometimes doesn't charge at all, especially after using the charging cable to charge for extended periods of time. Very disappointing. I would not recommend this iPod in a hurry.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Bill R.  in NY  2 / 5  Reviewed by:from NY. on 3/15/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. The battery is not replaceable but a new battery will last you a while, not longer than a month. The problem is you only get one of them, when the other dies you have to buy another.   2. The case is not removable but it can be removed easily and you could always add a case of a different brand if you wish to.     3. The charging unit for the phone is so flimsy I had to get a cheap one from the dollar store. I just charge the phone once every 8 hours. The phone is a bit bulky and you have no space for a charging cord on the back.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for an entry-level, simple to use audio device that would let me listen to music. I saw a review that suggested an S1, and the price was right. I had heard a few reviews that had compared the S1 to a good quality laptop, so I figured this would be a good one. Boy was I wrong. I could play a few songs, and could get by with a few others. The sound quality, which I had hoped to have was quite good, was not. I have an iMac but have not had a chance to try the S3 in that device. It was way too small for my room and the volume was just loud enough to bother me. I do not have the problem that others have. I will not buy another one. I did not have any other problems with the audio in the S2 and S3, but this is the first one that I have had and can not really say anything positive about it. Not happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ I am extremely disappointed with this. ****************************** I bought this for my new computer. It came with no warranty and only one user manual that is in small print. When you opened it, it was broken.    The cable doesn't have any protection for the battery, so I didn't know what to do. I was so desperate, I used the included cable that came with the computer. I could not get it to work, and it took over 2 hours to get it working.  This would have been a 1 star if it did not take an hour to set it up. I don't have a computer and it is not easy to troubleshoot my electronics. So bad!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from This product is great!! I am using this on my new laptop and have had no problems at all with my old computer that had the usb 3.0. This laptop is a great upgrade to my old one. It is fast and can play a variety of games on it. It's nice because you can still have your old game that you never got the disc for to play with. The keyboard is perfect and has the volume and music buttons on the side that are easy to use. I like how there is a light on the back of the laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product is amazing and worked as expected, however, I bought it on a Thursday and had it in my house all Monday. The next day on Monday my husband tried it out and it worked fine. Today I started up my new TV and noticed the picture was distorted, but then tried to fix it and it was still distorted. I had to turn it off and on again. I will never buy this again and would have gladly returned it had it been returned within 10 days. Also I am an electronic engineer and my husband who is also an engineer can not figure out what the problem is. Hopefully this will be resolved soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------   The speaker is the one I was most concerned with...   I bought this for my computer, and the quality is very good. There is no distortion, and it sounds great. I would buy it again. I really like the fact that it comes with a mic, and that I can plug the headphones right into the headphone jack.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________  1. The case is a flimsy plastic piece that came with a cheap phone. It was very flimsy, and I took a chance. I am glad I didn't buy it. I put my new iPad 2 on the top and it doesn't even touch the screen. The other end of the cord also touches the iPad. The charger is also a piece of junk that makes a horrible buzzing sound while it charges. It doesn't charge the iPad, it just turns it on and off.  2. The display on the tablet is fine, but I can't see the icons on the screen and the text is very hard to read.  and lastly - the display on my iPhone is very bright and easy to see. I would like a bit more brightness, but it's just too bright for me to use it at night.  the display is the main reason for the rating: 4.5 out of 5. ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  Just an update to this review. After much research and comparing all the models I decided on the Apple iPad Mini 2. I used to use the 4th gen iPad and it worked just fine. However, I have had the Apple Watch Series 2, and my family loves using it for fitness tracking, so I decided to get the 4.7" model. I like the new Touch ID. It has made my life easier! And I'm happy that I can keep my original iPod Touch to do my backups! Also, the Apple HomePod is great - I love the way the speaker on it sounds, it really makes you feel like you are in the studio.  (Verified Buyer)  ________________________________________________________________________________________  The Apple iPhone 5s was the first iPhone I used with my Apple ID that didn't have a fingerprint scanner, and the 5s has really improved my iPhone's usability. The screen is so much brighter and has a much thinner bezel than the older version, and there's no noticeable blurring or jiggling when scrolling through web pages and so on. I also don't mind that I have to keep using my old iPhone 5 to check the email and text messages anymore.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- As with other reviews I've read of this thing, I purchased a spare battery because the batteries were not compatible. The replacement lasted about 2.5 hours. When it first came out I thought it was a piece of junk and would not buy it. It is too light, the buttons have no feel or response. I wish I would have waited until after the replacement unit came in. I could have had it for less then $12.00. I don't know if it is the battery or the power adapter. The battery is rated for 150 minutes of continuous use. It ran out about 7 minutes after being unplugged. The power adapter did not last long either. I thought I should save some money by getting the replacement because I didn't like the original. I used it every day and I never used the cord. So the bottom line is: it was cheap, and if you are looking for an electronic device to power your cellphone you should look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a good device, the build quality is excellent, the user interface is slick and easy to use, and there is enough power for most users and no need for the "USB port". I like this device, it is just too slow to be useful. I have a cheap USB keyboard and this device will not even recognize it and the screen will not show it's status. I was in an internet cafe for two hours and I could not get it to show anything. I will probably switch to an internal or external drive if this device is not replaced.   One of the best products ever  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No  Posted By:1 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung sd card for 3 years i replaced it every month its just that bad i cant use my pc with it it has no battery at all i tried every fix out there like changing cpu,ram, cpu and ram and just cant fix it ive even tried a new sd card but it just wont turn on it wont boot up its so much worse then my hp c6200 and even my hp h6200 which is still running perfectly. ive tried everything ive ever tried ive put over 2k hours of work on it it just cant even save to the card. iving had a couple problems but the last time i had it it froze up and went into slow down. ive only had the phone for 2 months it was so bad i was having a hard time even getting my head around how to get my phone to save and I was even getting it to save from my computer ive never had problems with a phone so bad its gone and i still have no phone its that bad ive looked and looked at the forums for how to fix this ive been reading about people getting the phone to work again they have no clue ive seen people write reviews that their phone worked for a short time only to stop working again ive read about people buying new ones because it was a bad model and it was still the same problems. if you buy a Samsung sd card and have any doubts its going to not work try it first before you buy it.   i got my sd card from a store in my town and they gave it a full refund so i guess its just their bad luck to start with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a lottie since it was released and i hate every single thing i got from them theyre awful but they are good at what they do its a shame because they were the only decent i used i would prefer a hifi system that was a bit better but then again if you use your lotties for a few years theyre not bad i would buy the lottiest again but if you can afford a hf you should get the one that isnt a f*cking piece of junk that is a f**king piece of Junk i would recommend to people not to waste their money on a loottie they are a piece of s**t not worth the money and if you want to go big the sony pro1 is a good piece of gear and it will last you a lotta years ive bought two sony prongs for my hififit for around 500 dollars a piece
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone since 2012. it only works when it is plugged in. every time i tried to get it to work without the charger it would stop working. also the battery seems to run out of power pretty fast too. i cant even leave it on with the screen on all day. i dont think that this phone is worth it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This thing is horrible. After two days I took it back to the store and got a refund. I was expecting a better quality and if I could get a new one this would be perfect. It's too bad, I paid $80 for it. Now I'm wondering if I should buy one at a good price instead of wasting my money on this thing.!!!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best product EVER! Bought this as an upgrade to my old one and the quality of both products is amazing. The new product is much easier to use and is MUCH better looking. I wish they came in a different color.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 weeks now and it has broken twice now, the first time i tried to play with it it wouldnt work and i had to turn off the device and start over but after trying to fix it the second time i figured out that this is a problem with the battery that the mains supply needs to be replaced every few months which is costing me around 100 bucks now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________ I bought this phone after looking for the new Galaxy S2 and couldn't find one on the internet. It's been on 4 weeks, the phone has not been updated yet. I can't tell if the battery is still at 70% to upgrade or not.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Mlokos from Good value! The phone is very good quality. The software update is done in about an hour. The screen is bright and is the best I have seen from an android phone. Battery life is really good.  (Verified Buyer)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 years now, but ive replaced it with the halo 2, which is the only one that is close in price, but has only 2 usb ports, and the bluetooth doesnt work. im trying to figure out why the bluetoth doesnt work when i plug it into my macbook pro, but its a pain.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, November 09, 2010  A great deal!  by Joe from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: Small, durable, works well  Cons: No warranty  Review: I have had this product for 3 years. I have not had a problem yet. .  a great product at a good price, worth the buy.    Was the review helpful to you and your family? Yes (0) No (0 votes)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took forever to boot up once I plugged it in. And it took about 20 minutes to come up to full speed.  Then it went into a freeze.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from Works great on a 12-volt drill I used a 12 volt drill as my power tool for a long time.  I bought a variety of power tools (miter saw, router and lathe).  The Ryobi is one of the best at the price.  It is sturdy and easy to use.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* I bought this to take a portable device with me to the beach and it's ok so far but there is a problem with the charger. When you power it up, it will keep going and going and will eventually explode. Also, the unit does not take an included cable with it when I bought it, but I'm not sure why. I did not want to put the money into another battery as I'm having trouble finding a charger on amazon for around $10.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This laptop is an absolutely terrible piece of crap. The keyboard is horrible, especially since there is no Backlight on it. It takes forever to get it to work and you can not make it work. It will not boot up, so all you can do is sit here and type your whole life while waiting for it to boot up. No wonder it's so expensive, there is so much wasted potential in this stupid machine. So you can read other reviews on here. Good luck if you want to buy one of these babies. I was so excited to get this machine and now I'm not gonna do it. I will leave it until I can find a better alternative.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________  If this product didn't fail, then it is a waste of money. The product does not work well and if you want a wireless dongle that works well and is free then this is not it. The dongles I have tried before are much cheaper and work perfectly. The only thing this device does that I did not expect is when plugged in in the donglet is it can cause interference to my other wireless devices like my iphone, ipad, etc. I don't think this product is worth it if the dlink only works well in the home. If you have a job then get this for your job. If your a student then dont buy this.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 29, 2013  I will never buy anything else  by Brian from Spring Hill FL USA  Pros: Simple and easy to use.  the dl-wifi dongluetooth usb adapter works  Cons:  1. When i set up the adapter it said it didnt like any devices on this port. I didnt want to turn any other device off. I turned the wifi back on and it worked fine. 2. I also have an usb wifi dongl to this device. . :)  By Brian from St Louis MO USA  the device was purchased and works very well,the donglenavent usb adapter worked great,I have an old iPad 3g that works great  Review of DJ0268-00 Submitted by: John from San Diego CA USA  is a great product, I like how the dls-w-wireless works out of the box it is easy to install, the dns-w works as it should. I use the dps-w dongls- wireless dl dls for both phone and pc, it has no issues with either device, but I don t think the dcs-w is an ideal choice, for pc the dds dsl is more reliable for my needs, i do use the ps3 dcs w for my dsl but i like the dsl more, it is much easier to use and it has more features, the ps2 dcs has a more powerful usb and does not require a dsl to run, I think the ps5 dcs does the same but at the cost of adding a bluetooth dsl. , 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a Garmin vivofit 2, it came on my door step last weekend. It has not even been used, it seems like it's sitting on the shelf. I got this as an addition to my family of gps devices, the vivosmart 8gb, vivobridge 2gb, and the navtact. It doesn't do anything to my gps or navtac. It only seems to tell you the current distance to the nearest house on your gps. I guess I could buy another one but it doesn't seem worth the trouble for the same amount of info. I bought this device and didn't look it over, and took it home and got started...no GPS, no navtacing...only the distance to a house. I can't say that is a good deal at all. I've had this on for 4 months, it's a piece of crap and should be returned.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I can tell you that I was not happy with the first version of the computer because my monitor was broken. That's when I decided to buy the second one because it had better features. After that I bought the mouse for some reason (I can't remember now), it was very good but not great. I finally found a perfect solution after the second problem.!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    In my previous experience, I've owned a cheap, old flip-phone. But it has worked pretty well. I used it for a month, and then decided to buy a brand new iPhone for my dad. It was cheap at the time, but after a week I've decided to return it. It worked fine for me, but there were a couple of problems: 1) The buttons don't work at all, and the phone itself doesn't work either. 2) Sometimes, when I take pictures, the screen goes blank. I don't know why. 3) I was told it has a lot of storage and it can run out of space. It doesn't, so I'm not surprised.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was looking for a wireless speaker that was affordable and had enough volume for quiet movie nights. The one I bought was the LG T50RP-B (I had the B model) but the model number of the B version was not right. The B version of this speaker had a different port and had an extra plastic piece with it to give the impression that it was in a different speaker system. So for the B, the model is actually T50RH-B1 but it is in fact just the B1. So there is no reason to be disappointed, it is just different and you should ask for this model number if you are looking for an identical speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just replaced an ancient computer monitor and got a great screen for the price. The screen has all the features of the monitor and more plus some new ones. The monitor was well made and I will not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. I love the touch screen and the picture quality and the sound quality are fantastic and the display is very bright. All in all, a great monitor and great price.  Did you find this helpful? 12 of 13 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  John  5  Reviewed by:from TEXAS. on 2/20/2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this device about a year ago and have used it at least 100 times. It has given me good service, but at the same time it's had issues where it just keeps getting worse. I had to replace the battery twice now because it wouldn't hold a charge. One of the times, I had the charger break right after I plugged it in. I sent it back and the next day it's broken again. I ended up buying the 2nd replacement charger. It seems that the 2 new ones don't fit in the old one. The new ones are too big. If they're going to go this far, then maybe they should change the battery.    The Good:  + It's small enough for me to easily take it with me on my iPad. The best part is how easy it is to setup.  + It works with my ipad.  The Bad:  - It's battery gets old.  - My charger won't fit the battery very well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ The ___________ of ____________. It's the _________ of ________________. This _____________ _______. This ****** *******. The _______ _______ of _______. This ********** *****. It's ********. It. It sucks. I hate ______________ ________. You guys have ________, and that ******* sucks. It does not _________. It doesn't ________ when it is not connected to a power source. The connectors are ________ (in the back of the unit) and the connections between the _____ are _____. The unit is ________ of ____. I would rather have ____ and not _______ than _______ and not ______. The audio output of the _______ is ____ (really loud). The audio input of the device is _____ (really low). The volume level is ********* ******** and is not ____ of ***********. It is ******************** and it is too loud. There is no _____ between the power source _____ and the audio amp. The device doesn't sound good. The USB connection ******** isn't ********.*. The connector is ************.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Tom from This is a fine little portable amplifier. It works well with an iPod and can output up to 2 channels. The only reason it didn't get five stars is that the amp itself is tiny and the sound quality isn't that great. I'm going to buy a different unit to replace mine, but for $60 it's good. . I have a couple of these little portable audio units. They are not much more expensive than the $200 portable audio devices that I've heard, and in a pinch I like to have a little power in my car or in my computer. They can get the job done without a power adapter or other accessories, and as long as the power adapter is of good quality you won't have to worry about it losing signal (this is one of the main reasons I choose to keep mine plugged into my PC, not the TV). The only thing I don't like is the small size. I found the unit hard to hold for long periods of time. I really like the idea of this amp as a portable audio player, but I don;t like having it that tiny. I've only had the unit for about a month, but it's already broken. The little
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love this gadget! I am very happy with it! It is very easy to set up and use. I use it to record my phone calls, and it works great. The only thing that bothers me is that the battery is tiny, and the USB port is tiny. Also, when I'm on my computer, my computer doesn't recognize the USB cable plugged into the phone. So it is very annoying!  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: techjim2000
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! The light indicator is a big fat waste of money, I will get no use out of it unless I have a lot of other lights on my car (that will all light up when the warning light goes on) and the blue indicator is useless when the light is off, the only useful indicator is the white light that flashes when it is turning on (which happens about every 30 minutes) and you can use that for navigation in the dark, but not for the warning/blue indicator. This item is not worth the $15 dollars.  Best buy!!!! I bought this for my new SUV and now it is my go to light for navigation.    I like that it's easy to read and can be turned on or off, plus it has a very solid light on it, the way it's built.   Its a great deal and worth every penny. I only have 2 negatives: it doesn't really have a spot for charging so I can only use it with my car's built in USB port, but that's not a big deal. It's also heavy, but then I don't really use a lot on my SUV so it's not really a big issue.  and the warning indicator is just a big ugly "light on" so the light in the dash just turns off if the alarm is off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because it was advertised as working with the old CRT tv's in my old house. I was expecting it to work great, but it has been so disappointing.   It does not work.  I can't turn my tv on, it won't turn on at all.  So much frustration   So sad for the $1.95
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for 3 days and it's been having constant problems with it dropping out of my pocket, I tried taking out the battery and it wouldn't come out, and when it did the phone would boot up but it would boot slowly for like 20 mins, and then would just be stuck at the splash screen saying 'can't be loaded' when it loads, the screen keeps going off and on and off, Ive taken it to repair shops to get it fixed but they're telling me it's a fault with the software and the chip inside the phone, i have a brand new samsung galaxy s4 and the battery of my samsung s4 is way bigger than this so im pretty sure there must be a problem with the samsung chip, this thing is unusable and it needs to be fixed asap ive used to using iphones but i wont be buying another one ive tried getting it repaired here and they have had me sign a new contract with them but i really dont want to go through with it and i'm not going to pay any more out of pocket for this ive read lots of good reviews online but this is just not worth it. if this phone could boot up when i push the power button to turn on then it would be OK, but it cant and its not worth my money.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Dwayne from I'm a new customer I've owned my iPhone 4 and 4S for almost a year now. I've only had this phone a couple months but for the price I can't complain. It's fast and easy to use. The speakers are good for music. I have the white model and it looks great, I like the silver finish. The phone works well with my Verizon account. I use my phone for emails and texting, and that's it. I'm pleased with it!  The price is good. It works pretty good for me. Its a good phone. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This little device is not very accurate. My device came in perfect working condition but with a little disassembly, the contacts of the main coil were melted. I have since sold the unit but I do not know if there is a way to repair the unit.  Good value:  I liked this little box so much I bought 2 more for other electronic devices. -Good size-I bought one for my watch that can't run on batteries but needs a battery.-Good price-good quality-Easy to read the screen and read the data on the back of the box.-Durable and tough to bend or break.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for less than a year and the screen isnt doing all that good. it doesnt seem to be working that well at all, its a 2.4ghz model, so it should be doing a little more, but it looks to be using way more power than its supposed to. Ive always gotten the best reviews when i get new gadgets or when i've broken out the old stuff, and this is a very old model. i couldnt give it a 0 but it isnt a bad device, just doesnt perform well. if i get the new one i will be buying another for my old laptop.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The product was very very poor. The phone would not charge at all. I have owned this phone for 4 months.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product! I've had this phone as a backup for my tablet for years, and its been nothing but great, although I have to admit that it was a bit more frustrating to get the new Android 4.0.4 update than the old Android 4, but after getting it I was a happy camper. The new software seems much more responsive and is more reliable.  the only thing is that the battery life is bad, like no where near as bad as the iPad 3. I'd say if you are getting this as a phone replacement or backup, you might as well get a good phone with better battery life. This is a great phone at a great price. If you want a good Android device for the cost, this is one to consider. I am happy with this purchase
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I can't believe the time and money I wasted getting the cheap version of this device. It has a built-in mic, and when the battery died, I was told to connect a USB cable. Then I found out they have a free version, and that's it. I just didn't think you could get anything out of it.    Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about WE-Tech V6-1314M Microphone/Line Amplifier Kit - Black with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike.com Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  the old version was also a good one  From: (Anonymous) Date: December 2nd, 2016 08:11pm Subject: (No Ratings Yet)  i got the old one and it was bad so i used that one for all my headphones. I bought the new one just because they had the USB-C port and I wanted one for my phone. The mic is pretty good, has a nice bass but not super deep. It also doesn't make as much noise as my old mic.  i got the Old version and it had a built in mic.i got  Read More Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________________ This is an absolutely great device. I used it at work for a few months while I worked on a home project and it performed superbly. I was always pleased with the reliability and ease of use. But recently I came across some minor flaws: 1. The power button was always in the way of my thumb (even when it was on the button) so I had to fiddle it off and on until I was happy with its placement. It's not a deal breaker, I just wish it were in the right place. 2. The batteries have a tendency to drop out from time to time, which is annoying but not a problem. Overall, I was very happy with it. __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________ It is a very simple design and I think it works quite well. It is just that a couple of things I didn't like: 1) I wish the power button and the volume buttons were in a different place. It makes it awkward to reach the power and volume buttons in a standard fashion. 2) It would be nice if the buttons were a bit more flush on the bottom. That way you would be able to feel the button better. 3) I prefer the way the power is wired to the unit. It seems a bit loose and unhygienic. ___________________ ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ I just bought the Nixie tube display. It works perfectly, but there's one thing I didn'say about. The screen is bright. I had the same problem with my digital clock but the dial worked perfectly. It could have been an optical problem with the device. ___________________________ _______________________________________________________ I am a bit disappointed. I got this unit to see how well it would work in a more advanced fashion, but after using it, it appears that it's just not going to work in that way. _______________________________________________________________ __________________________________________ ________________________________ _______________________ - Chris _____________________________________________________________________   Review for VX-60-8500 ____________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________ _____________  The VX is an amazing device and I use it at home. I have bought 2 for my wife and it is the best I have found to date in its size, cost, and features.  It is a workhorse, it has all the things I need and does them all quite well with only a few extras. It also allows me to keep all my projects close to my house and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!! I bought this device for my 14 month old daughter to play with. It doesn't work. When it comes on the screen is dark and has no light at all. It has worked great on my 13 year old son. But this is a piece of junk!!!  Rated 1 out of 5 by Littles from Not worth it Purchased this to replace my 2 year old AppleTV 4. This thing isn't reliable. I could not get it to boot at all in any situation. If it were a 3rd generation model it would be OK. It's not. And I'm very disappointed in Apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used these for a year now and they only work once a day. i've heard of the good things about the product but the last thing i can say about them is that it seems very fragile and has a tendency to vibrate in different directions when the battery goes dead. i was able to make it last one day before the vibrate ran out of juice so i can't say that i would recommend this item. ive tried buying other rechargeable batteries from other stores and the same thing happens, not that the battery is expensive. i guess these things are too good to be true
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used these for a year now and they have been a great deal and work great. but it took a while to get to this one as it was on back order. now that its back ordered i dont know if i want to buy the old one for $70 plus shipping again (since it is about the same size and works the same) ive now lost my trust in these things. but again i love these cheapo devices and wish they worked better
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my new computer. There are many good reviews about it on here, and so far so good, except for a couple of problems: First, the sound comes out of my computer with some low hum, almost like static. It also has some random noise coming from it, which is annoying. Second, the buttons work good, and I have not found a reason why they do not work in other products. For the price, it is a good buy.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works well, but a few things I love the price/quality ratio of this product but the problem is the mouse has a short throw (4 inches) and it's not easy to move the mouse or scroll to a position when I'm using my mouse on a laptop. The USB port on this mouse will not connect to my laptop because the USB cable has a very short length. Also, the mouse will sometimes not work or work a little slow.  "Great for general gaming", so is it for me. It works okay, but it's just not a game mouse that's a great bang for the buck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for years, and every time i have plugged it in to my tv the screen freezes. even when it boots up and starts playing. i have had this for the past 3 years, now it wont even show the icons on the screen and it doesnt work. i feel like its dying.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 18, 2012  Great!  by Anonymous from New Orleans, LA USA   Review:    I am not a fan of the keyboard, but this works great with a USB mouse.   Was it helpful to answer this question? Yes | No  This is a great product  By Anonymous from Phoenix, AZ USA  : I love this keyboard. The built in bluetooth is perfect to use with my wireless keyboard and mouse. I have an Asus tablet that is very similar to the Surface, and the keyboard works great when paired.    This product is well worth the $90. It works great and it doesn't even cost me extra for an extra dongle.   on a personal note, I wish this product would come in blue. It would be amazing!  the keys on the key board were a different color from my computer so I needed to order the extra keyboard adapter for it to work  Thank you so much,  -A Anonymous from San Diego, CA USA  . , the keys from my desktop keyboard were blue and it would not work with my tablet. I contacted Microsoft customer service and they told me it might be a problem with the keyboard. I returned it for a refund. The keyboard works perfectly for the tablet but the keyboard adapter is hard to find. I recommend buying the adapter. I would recommend this product to all.  of the best products ive purchased in a long time and this is only the second one i have to buy. great products, great service.   The keyboards are great and the tablet is great. Thanks  A Anonymous  i love the keyboard and the software  I was a little skeptical of this and thought I would need a dongles and a usb cord and this was a bit much but oh well  Thanks  K  (Posted on 2/3/2012)  The Best Keyboard And Tablet Combo  My wife and I have both been on the fence about buying the Asus, but we decided to give it a shot.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the worst charger for my iphone.  The sound is the same as the iphones one so  they are  same.   I would not recommend this product.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Shane C.  the best charger i have ever used  5  Reviewed by:from Pennsylvania. on 4/15/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of days and i must say i am very disappointed with this item. It will not last more than one day at the most. Its really nice to have a usb hub but not for this device. I bought it because it was the only one in my area that had a usb port and for me that was the reason i bought it. Its terrible to find out that after months of using it, that i have to just throw it away. Ive tried using a different type of usb port to get a connection but it still does not get it working. Im not sure if the usb port is defective or it doesnt work with this device at all. Maybe i can get someone to check it out for me. Idk. Other than that i wouldnt recommend it to anyone.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nj_tech_shop
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   You have to buy an ethernet card for the ethernet port on your ethernet router! I purchased this because it did not come with ethernet. I did not expect it to work at all. And it did, for a little while, but when I switched over to wifi it would not work. I got a different router and it was fixed. I guess I had bad luck! I had to put some ethernet in the ether port. Maybe you should not include ethernet on every device unless you know that it works. I will not buy anything from this company again. I have no faith in them, at all!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 16, 2012  Review for Good Stuff  by David from Chicago IL USA  Pros: Easy to use  Cons: None so far  Comments: I like that the etherpad is easy to use and plug in.  (I've used it with a Sony WDR200U and an Asus RT-AC68U)  I also like that it doesn't require a USB modem to connect to a wireless router  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Friday, September 17, 2010  Great Product  By Anonymous from New York, NY  Recommendation: Would buy it again. . ,  Did this review help you?  6 of 8 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this as an upgrade to my iPhone 6s and found it to be the most frustrating iphone to use. It is very difficult to get the "dials" to align as they don't move all that smoothly, as well as making the phone hard to hold in one hand. It's like trying to hold an old fashioned glass telephone in one fist. It gets the job done but iphones and tablets in general are much more user friendly now, especially as it does not use the "numbers" at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my bt for about a week now. i went to pick it up and it didnt work. when i asked them for help the salesman told me to go get an $80 dollar repair. i asked if i could just get it fixed by someone else. he said yes but then went on to say that he didnt want me talking about it anymore. i have had problems with a lot of different things before and i just dont want to go through that again. i just got my other bt and i am really happy with it. this one worked right out of the box. i dont think i will be buying another one of those.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery in this thing was totally dead, when I went to put it in my car it wouldn't turn on the car wouldn't start, it would only turn on when the key was in the ignition. The only solution I found to this was to buy a $5 replacement battery for it.  What a bummer.  I tried getting in touch with the seller, to no avail, I called the local phone number on the box that came with the item and it was disconnected.    I will never order from this seller again,  This seller also seems to be the same seller that sells the "Fidget spinners", 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this to turn on my TV. I have an old tv set that is very hard to turn off with the remote control. I don't want to have to use the remote for that. I use a wall-mounted remotes, that I found on Ebay. But the one this product comes with, did not work at all. I used the remote to turn it on, but it would only start it, when I was in a room with some sound coming in. I'm not sure if the product itself is defective or not. I'll be buying another one with a better remote and better functionality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst thing I have bought from Amazon so far. The whole device is so old and flaky. I had to send the whole unit back to get it fixed. It has been completely unusable. The display is not working (which makes no sense, since I never touch the screen anyway). The batteries were dead when I received it and I have since tried other brands. This was a waste of my money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This item is well made but has a lot of problems. I'm using it for a small business and I think it's better than the iPod. I just wish it had a camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received this as an advance from B&H on a week of free shipping. After trying it out for a few days, I found a problem. When the app is in the background, I cannot go into the control panel to save the settings. I have had no other problems or issues with the device other than the control app. I will be contacting B&h on this issue. A small bug that I had:    When the screen is off, the buttons on the side do not work.   I hope the next version fixes this issue... but I know that I'll be waiting for it. Overall, a good deal:    I was really happy with this purchase.  I paid $19.99, and I get a $25 gift certificate.  The device is also "open source" (that is, it can be modified).  I love that, and that it is portable, lightweight, and small.  The only thing that bothers me is the lack of a microSD card slot.  That's why I would not pay full price.  But I can live with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this speaker for it's very impressive "warmth" and sound. The only problem I've ever had with speakers is that they get warm and sound distorted. This speaker has no problems with this. I am not a fan of "bass" and don't know what type of bass a subwoofer is supposed to be capable of. I also don't really like the plastic case it comes with. It feels cheap. I wish I bought one in black. This is really a good speaker, but if you want it to sound good, buy a better speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love the fact that you can play music on it. However, the bass sound is too much like a big speaker and when I want a more solid low bass it makes my music sound horrible. If it had the same amount of bass as my ipod but with no volume control, then it would be good. But as it is, it is bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought these to use in a small kitchen with limited space. The only complaint i have is the size of the unit. Its a very small box, the wires come out of the back. If you are going to be using these in a space where the wires may not fit, or maybe have to have a special adapter to plug them in, they would be a great addition to the kit. I have a dishwasher and the wires are still short.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jd from Love these small gadgets I use these in the kitchen all the time. They are easy to set up and are perfect for making breakfast. I would love it if they came with a longer power cord but overall these are great and are easy enough to set-up. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my dsp8 for about a year and it doesnt work anymore. i've used it for several years. ive upgraded the battery and all is well. i didnt know it was so expensive but id have to say id just return it ive been wanting a digital sump pump for years and this is just not it. i think i'll look for an other brand.  Great pump Great pump, easy to use, quiet. I bought it for a 5 gallon aquarium but would definitely buy again!  Works Great Works great, quiet and accurate. -  Awesome! Really like the DSP8 for my aquarium. Its very quiet, works great and doesnt break the bank when refilling. .  in  I love it! I love this pump. It is very quiet and easy to setup. It also has the option of doing automatic refilling at the end of the cycle. It comes with a filter cap for the pump and an extra filter hose for cleaning up the tank before it is done! I would definitely recommend this pump to anyone! It is also extremely inexpensive. I am glad I chose this pump! 'sp8'  Amazing I bought this pump for a small 5 gallon tank and have never been disappointed with it. I use it daily and it works great.   I also purchased one for my 10 gal reef tank that i just purchased. It works great on the 10 gal, just about every pump works great but this one is my favorite. I would highly recommend this model to anyone who wants a great pump.  and its super quiet I've had this pump almost 2 years. Great product. Easy to setup, easy cleaning. I'm only 16, but my 5.5 gallon tank looks as good as my 15 gallon one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first I have bought but I am having trouble getting this to work. Once in the door, the device will not turn on the switch. I've tried putting it on my keychain, at a friend's house, my car's trunk and also I have taken it to the local computer store. I have no problem with this other than I had to order it on amazon. I paid about $30 bucks for this I did not want to buy this with out knowing what I was getting myself into and after reading about others having problems I am hoping the company will be responsive. I don't understand how these products do not know how to make a switch do the same thing. This will not work on my computer and my phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This monitor worked fine for about six months. But on February 18, 2016, the power supply suddenly failed (power supply connector had burned up). Now, I'm out of warranty. So I ordered the same monitor (same battery) and a new power supply. The same thing happened - power supply failed. So, I sent the monitor back to Amazon for an RMA. But Amazon refused the RMA - they told me they can't return defective goods (I know because they've sent other products I've had a similar issue with, and all the other items were in new condition). They said if I returned the unit to them, they'd send me another one. They wanted me to pay to ship it (which would cost me more than shipping it back myself). I got pissed off and told them they could NOT take my money and give me a new monitor - the company that shipped it to me (Amazon) would have to replace it. They couldn't believe it, and they said they would refund my money to return the defective unit to Amazon. But after a couple more emails, they started saying Amazon would not accept returns to Amazon, and if they refused, I would have the full amount deducted from my bank account. So after sending the monitor to Amazon to have it repaired, I got a call saying it was still in the RFA process and wouldn't be returning. So the entire time, I had my monitor in this box for months. I sent it back to the company and got a RMA with a new unit. I still have that unit. They sent it on March 1, 2016. Now, over a month later, I can no longer connect to the internet. And my warranty is over. I just purchased a different monitor to replace this one - but the power is the same! It will never again work and I can't afford to pay for it to be repaired. I think this company is really not doing their job. I am just disgusted that I would ever have to deal with this kind of company. I have always been a loyal customer and would recommend this product to anyone.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from I was not happy with my original monitor and I did try to return it to B&H which was not accepted and then to Walmart which was very reasonable and B&M would not return it. So then I tried to get the same item from Amazon and to my surprise I received an email saying the item
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product did not work properly, a couple of my friends had the same problem, i took out the power cord and the screen went dark after 3 mins, no sound at all. i think this is not the product but some software problem but not the brand.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This monitor was really good until I turned off my computer and the monitor went crazy. I turned it back on, but it's so annoying. This monitor only works in portrait mode. I can't find it in any of the other modes, even in landscape. No matter where I set the monitor, it's not going to go into landscape mode. If you have an older computer with a large monitor and need to have a large display, this monitor will work great. However, I would avoid buying this monitor as I can tell that a large part of the manufacturer's responsibility is in how the manufacturer did the monitor.  Rated 1 out of 5 by JT from Monitor was delivered with a faulty screen. We will have to return it and get a better one. The problem is that the monitor was defective on the front screen. When you turn the monitor on it works. When the light flashes it doesn't. It makes the screen go blank. The backlight is not strong. The monitor is on sale for only $199.00 so we have to use our hard earned money to return the monitor and get another one. I think the company that made the monitor should be held responsible.  The monitor was delivered to me on the first day after purchase. I was so excited to get it. It worked perfectly. I used it the first night. I started up my computer, and nothing. The computer was too dim to see. The lights all over the monitor were on for no reason. I returned the monitor the next day. I couldnt believe how dim and the light that came off it was too weak. I called the company, and they said that they could not help, because they didnt make the monitor  The unit was delivered in 2 days. It came with the wrong color (white white) so i swapped it with my old one and it works just as it did. I am happy with this monitor. I would recommend it to anyone  My first monitor...but will never buy another monitor from Dell ever again. This is the only one to date that I've tried and I've been using it in a standard 15 inch, 5ms, 2560x1440, resolution...even the LED is bright and very good. If I had to rate it I'd give it an 8/10. But for me, Dell is an evil corporation. They were very quick to respond to my email inquiry after the monitor arrived. The issue with
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this watch for almost a year now and i still have not been able to figure out how it works. all the buttons seem to work the same and there seems to be no way to turn the watch off. the only way i could figure out was to power it on, hold the button down, and then put it back on to see if the power button would go back to the power on/off mode. no luck. i had to take it back to a pawn shop and they put a new battery in, now the watch will turn off but wont come on and go back on till you hold down the power/time button. if it worked like a clock would i just turn it on every night and hope it works? i'm in the process of making another purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the darco m200 and im not very happy with it. the quality of the m200 is awful i dont know what happened to the previous version. and it doesnt work. i bought two of them to get rid of the older one because i wanted to get the newest one but then i found out that this one is a lot weaker than the older version. it cant even record 1080p high def without hosing. if you have old school digital cameras it works great but for the price it is really not worth it. this shouldnt take up half your budget at all. dont waste your money on a product that is this poor quality. i only got this for my child and she is having problems with it also. i dont have a darcom dvi so i can not comment on that either but i really hope that i get my money back. i will never buy any dar com product again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am using my new Sony X850C for several months now. I have had the Sony X100's, X10, and X10s but finally I decided to go for a more powerful camera. The X850 was a good buy for $199 but the X100 and X110 are much better cameras. This camera does a great job with low light and good color. It has a great wide range of settings and the image is still sharp. This was my first camera and I'm glad I got one. If the battery dies, it comes back to me in 30 minutes. I do not have to wait a week or so to recieve an email stating that my camera has returned to Sony. My other camera was a Sony A700 which had a dead battery and a long wait. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and plan to buy a few more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used a new Apple TV 3 and it crashed within 3 days of use. If it crashes within 3 weeks then you should not buy it. I had to throw it out. I don't recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I recently upgraded from my old PC to the new iMac (which was bought with an extra hard drive). The new iBook was not very pleasant to use. I have a Toshiba laptop, and the keyboard on the new Mac did not work very well. It had a terrible "clicky" sound with the keys, and I had to switch the sound on and off. I had a Tosibite in the past and the iBook keyboard just sounded terrible. It was also very heavy. I really want to like the new Apple iBook, but this was not it. The new Macbook is much lighter, but also much more expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** IT DOESN'T WORK AT ALL *****   I have been using a Logitech HD Pro Webcam with Logitech G433 camera for about 6 months. I have had a few issues with the G433. It will not record videos (only a webcam can). I use VLC media player to watch videos. Sometimes, the camera will start and then go into "black screen" and go off and on. The screen will show "low battery" but the camera and VLC will work fine. I can even use it as a camera to take photos and videos with my iPad. The only time it will not work is when using video or video recording applications. I found this out when I tried using VLC as a media player. The camera won't record.   My next step in improving the camera was to get a new model. After talking to Logitech about the G-series I decided to go with the HD-G4100. I was skeptical at first but the HDG-G5100 was a much better product at a lower price. I am happy with the purchase.   of course the HD camera does not use the G4100's built in IR. However, the HD is much more powerful than the G430. Also, the G533 has a built in mic which is not available on the HD.  /sigh
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone battery lasted an entire day before it started losing power. If you use it daily, this may be worth it. If not, just get another one. I'm going to buy another battery for the next one to replace the dead one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an amazing tool.  I have used a range of other tools and all work very well. Â I have bought this product over the past several years and will buy it again.    I just recently bought my second one.  I use it with the computer and a computer monitor so I can make up my mind on what to watch on the computer monitor and the other one I use is the main screen.  It is pretty good for this.  Very easy to use.  You need a good sharp tool to cut things or something to get them out.  Also if your working in a small shop it is a lot easier to get small things off the front panel and into a tray. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you don't own an apple smart tv, you should get one, because this one is garbage. If you do have an apple tv, use an apple remote control, and a usb cord to hook up the tv to it. The tv does not come with a remote control or an usb cable, you need to get a cheap one. This tv will freeze when you push the on/off button 3 times, and if you do it wrong, the tv turns on. If someone is using the tv in their house, that's great, but if you are having issues, then you need a better tv. Pros:    - Looks great - Easy to set up - A good price - No need for an expensive TV - Good value - Great picture Cons:  - No usb cable - Poor design
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this device for my wife's computer to control the computer from the house. I used it to turn on the computer when she came home, it was great! It took almost 2 weeks to receive it from the company. When it finally did arrive it was damaged in transit. It took over 1 weeks to return the item to the company so I would recommend that to anyone else that wants to use this device.   Was this review helpful? Yes No  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first and so far only electronic device in my household to fail, and it has not cost me anything extra. The battery lasted the first 2 months of use, then the unit started smoking badly after that, and failed in about two years. I did not have a new one for a long time, as I thought there would be an easy replacement. However, the replacement did not work so easily. It was hard to replace the wires or the power supply. Then I looked online at replacement products, and bought this one, and have not had an electronic device fail for 5 years now. I had one fail before that, which had been replaced by the store, and this unit has held up much better. I also thought it might be possible for this model to have an internal LED, that would glow blue to show the battery level. The LED is very faint, and difficult to see when the unit is turned off, and then on again. So you have to check often for it to work. I think it would be a good idea to make a more durable power supply with internal LED.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mandy from This is a great product! The lights are great! I love the ability to have lights on my phone for reading or working. I'm using it to read the weather and to take photos for my blog. I really like the size of the battery pack. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________ I just wanted to share some experience with you. I bought a cheap phone a few years ago, and then I bought an iPhone 5s. I'm now running a T-mobile sim with a cheap T-Mobile phone (from last year). So, the phone is just fine, I can make phone calls and text on the phone. So, now the ____, phone is not working correctly and is almost useless. I was told this thing was designed with a touch screen on it. Now, ________, there is no touch screen, just a screen with a lot of small white lines that flash when you touch the screen. Now I can't read my emails or my texts. ____________. I've tried everything that I can think of trying to fix this, to no avail. I can tell that the guy that designed this phone probably didn't get the concept of touch screen.    I'm not a ____ person, I'm ____. The problem has been going on for about ________ years, and I'm just _______ to deal with this. I thought of just putting in a simcard and trying to use the phone as before, but now I have a _______ mind set on having a phone that works correctly.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! the!!! thingy is just horrible!!! I purchased this to charge my cell phone. But, it would not charge my phone, and I could not get to the battery to change it, I could only use it as a usb stick. I have had other android devices and they work like a charm. But this!!! is a huge disappointment.  Rated 5 out of 5 by A4Homer from It works Great! This works great.  a) Can charge 2 devices at the same time and b) I'm very happy with the quality. I'm 5'6 and I use it for my cell phones. It can easily carry both a phone and a small tablet without any worry about it getting scratched. I don't like my phones falling out of my pocket when my hands are sweaty. This is perfect!  1 out of 1 found this review helpful Not a Good Portable Charger This is by far the WORST Portable Charging Pad ever made. The USB port is the size of an infant's finger. This USB port has been known to completely disconnect the charger from my phone or tablet. There is no indicator light. It is so bad, that I bought the charger in store and it didn't work even though the box said it would. This portable charger will not charge your device. My devices have a hard time charging if they are plugged into the USB port. Also, it has no indicator that this is an electronic device. It just looks like a regular stick. There was no instruction booklet. There were some reviews saying that the USB ports on the pad are only good for connecting your phone to your computer. I bought this just for that. The fact that it has a bad USB port means this is going to be the only thing that I use this for. I will only use this with my tablet and my phone because that is the only way I can charge both of them with one pad.  and it works fine, but i would not recommend to buy this device, you get what you pay for. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The quality of this device is not up to par. The buttons are too small. The screen is very low resolution. The unit is difficult to use due to the way the power supply is attached. When you attempt to change anything to the device (like volume or the media control buttons) they all appear to be frozen. You can't get the power switch to work and you can't change the input/output ports. I was hoping this would be a good thing as I am a big fan of the iPod and I wanted an MP3 player with an iPod slot but it seems like they took some of the best features from an MP1 and put them into a MP3. Not the best choice at all.   There are better units out there with better features and more features.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the nokia 60 and i have to say, the best thing was the screen, but the phone is very clunky. i can't even use it on a tripod with a mic because the back of it is so slippery that it will drop down the camera lens. it also had no touch screen so there is no way to use voice input. this phone has a camera that takes great pictures but it is a waste of money, i have tried using it in a macro shot with my camera and i was pretty impressed at what you get in the end. i have another phone that i use now and my daughter takes amazing pictures. so im back on the original android, i dont know why anyone would even think to purchase this device. i was so disappointed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for less than a month and i have used the usb port only to plug in a usb-to-usb cable. it is very weak and the usb-2 connection is the worst I have ever used. it wouldnt be able to connect a usb2 mouse. i would not buy this again.  I will never use this device again: ve used this for a year and a half i use it for a few things i have the best thing about it is its very easy to use for the first month or two i had it i would highly recommend it to anybody that is looking for a cheap usb to usb converter
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since the first day i purchased it, and i love it, but it will eventually die because of poor design. after a year of use, the battery is completely drained out, and the buttons do not turn off properly. it is also very easy to burn up. this device is the bane of my existence.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 28, 2011  Good Product but need to buy new battery  by Paul from Santa Clara CA USA  Pros: Works great  Cons: Battery must be recharged and need new battery. - Does not charge in USB port, must use a wall charger or computer.  to charge, hold button down and it will power up, to start or turn off press and hold button until red light starts blinking, hold for 5 sec. to turn off.  the battery needs to be re-charged once every 2 months, as the old one was.   I purchased it about 5 years ago, and used it a lot for my computers, tv, and computer printer. the computer is not connected to the computer with a cable, so it uses the power through the USB cable.   the battery should be replaced every 2 years, as there is a problem with the charger.  , the new battery does not work at all. , i could get by with just the old battery, but if i need to use this for longer then i would buy a new one and use that. I bought this product because it was very cheap. The new battery is a little more expensive, but the original one that was used for the last 5 years works fine. I have a 15 year old ipad pro and i use this a lot more than the ipad with the touch screen, it is a very good buy for the price. .  and to avoid this problem to make sure you buy a good charger or not to have this problem in the first place, read the manual!  I just bought a new iPad mini and i dont see the issue here, but i have no idea why the iwata is not working right, im wondering if this has something to do with it and if this will be fixed in future versions.  of course there will be an adapter for it but it would be nice if the iwbattery was made in a new type to replace it.  as far as the buttons being easy to turn on
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned several of these and had a lot of problems with them but this one has really killed me and i cant even use it because it wouldnt turn on in the morning i woke up today with blood on my keyboard and i dont know how to turn it on. i don't know how it got damaged but its bad. its so bad im thinking i am going to return it and buy another one. i just dont think this is worth the money
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this to use in my office and it's unusable. The buttons do not work and when I try to turn on it I hear an annoying beep. I'm sure it's not due to the product but it's extremely annoying and annoying. If I get it repaired I'll return it. I can't recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    In this day and age with the new tech gadgets and technology we use daily, the "futuristic" keyboard and mouse of today is just a toy to these machines. When I wanted to use the PC I bought last week I was given the old one that was a year old. It would not respond to my commands and I had to put it down for a while. After trying for a day, I finally had to call Tech support and they said I could get a new one at their store. My PC is very old and has about 10 years of use. I can get it working once again but they would have to be really nice people to do it. Also the new one has more features and a better keyboard than the old keyboard.   If you are wanting to get into the computer business and have a computer, get a PC. If you want a mouse for that computer use the mouse. The mouse is an add on to your computer.  I'm sorry but i was very disappointed with this mouse, after spending 5 years on this old computer (a HP Elitebook 7830m) i have had to replace it twice because the mouse refused to work anymore. Even though this mouse is the second one i have bought, i have a hard time justifying the price for it. i wouldnt use it for more than a few days at a time. i can't imagine if i bought the first mouse (which was the exact same) i would have much of a problem, especially since it was brand new.   I hope you do not make any changes to this mouse. I feel like the mouse should have a better motor or something that will make it work. i have to re-learn how to use it since the mouse seems to be malfunctioning even though i've read many reviews online.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my fpv for 3 months and ive gotten a good few good results from it but the last one i tried didnt last more than 30 min. i ended up having to spend a few hundred dollars on the same unit after reading about some other people having good results with them. ive also had a bad experience with the hitechs fp v5. i read a lot on it and bought the hightype with an adapter from a store i bought it from.  they did not send me the correct adapter with the device or when they did send it they didnt put it in my order.  the adapter did not fit in the hhighy at all and when i checked i couldnt turn it on. it didnt make any sense that they didnt know what they were doing when they made the adapter they made it very hard to use and if it works for someone else it doesnt make it right for me. i gave the product 4 stars only because i had it at the store for over a year and it was still working. overall if you want an fpvs i would recommend the hihi. i really want it to work i just dont know how i can trust it if it doesnt work
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and its still not working at all.  This is my second device from this company. I just bought a second one. The first one is a very good device. Only complaint is the way the cord goes into the unit. It goes into a very awkward and hard to get to spot. I was looking for a cord that is very convenient and not hard to find. It is a pain to do. They do fix it within a week or two after i contacted them. But, thats my only complain with this company  Ive had this since 2011 and have never had a single problem. it is a little hard to see and operate, but it has everything I need,and it never fails to perform. .  The cord i need to use is not available in many places.  and i have to spend a few bucks more if i need anything else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If I could add anything to the other 3 star reviews, I would add that the quality of the phone and the software is very good and the quality is pretty consistent across all models.   However, this is the only phone of mine that I have ever owned that consistently doesn't have any issues with the battery and the screen. It's been the case since I got it and this hasn't been an issue at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing works fine until I get a battery that will actually work... I put in a battery with a 10-year warranty, so it's not going to last that long.   I replaced it, then took it to the computer store and they sent me another battery with just a 6 month warranty...   It's still working but I really should have taken it to a good repair shop and have them check it out. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used this computer, I was very impressed with it. I was going to go for the full size, but when I got this laptop, I had to wait for it to get delivered from Canada, and it was about a month from shipping. I decided that I would rather pay the extra fee to go with the compact, and I was so pleased with my decision. The laptop is very quiet and it is great for travelling around. I used it a lot when going back and forth to work and it has always run great. Now I want to go back and get a more powerful laptop. I got a refurbished laptop from Ebay for $80.00, and when I opened it up, it was all scratched up, and there was some writing on it. In this case, I have to go somewhere else to get a refund, or maybe I should look to get the repair from the company that refurbishes it.  I really don't know what to say other than I'm disappointed. This is a very good computer for the money, but there is no comparison to the Macbook or the Mac Pro.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it is very heavy, but once you get the keyboard and mouse, everything else just fits right into your hand. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------   My son loves his ipad mini and he loves to do his homework. He was about to go to school for the first time and he wanted to use his ipads but I wasn't willing to pay for an ipad because I had an ipod and was going to get the ipod at school. So he decided to use the laptop with his ipods and that is what caused the problem. The laptop's battery just ran out of juice. So I thought it would be an easy fix. I used the lcd to read the battery. After I read it, I decided to try to take apart the back of the laptop. Unfortunately the battery wouldn't come out. So after that I tried to see if I could put it back together myself. The lcd was not holding up the whole time. So instead I decided I was going with a battery that would just keep the laptop running and that worked fine. I still have a problem with the ipad Mini, but not the ipods. I also thought I might have damaged the ipads battery or something but they still work. So all in all, I am still very happy with my ipad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device  has worked flawlessly for over 15 years and has been with me in almost all of the trips I have done.  It works great for long duration trips on the road, in the mountains, on camping trips, etc.  The only thing that I found was a minor slight delay between pressing the button and the display showing the current speed being displayed.    I found this was caused by the microcontroller in the unit having a slight fault that needs to be repaired by the supplier of the unit.   I had no issues with the speed output on this unit.   It is a fantastic piece of gear. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********** - I used it for about 10 years and it was working fine until my screen got cracked the very day I got it. I am a tech support rep at a local store so I get used to things not working on my phones. I have had many of these things and usually it is a very simple thing to fix. However, this one was a total failure. I had to return it and get a new one, and I paid over a hundred dollars for one. This was a piece of junk I could not recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my unit for a while now and the issues i have had were with the screen, it always goes back to a black screen and every time it does it will not turn on. and it also doesn't play videos and music as it should. i am on the first time i bought this device so i can't really compare it with other units i have. but this one is defective as it always does these things.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!! You're going to have a bad time getting used to the wireless capabilities of this thing!!!!  I am impressed with the quality of this product but I wish it was wireless so I could control my phone. I don't like the battery life  Overall: Good product - wish the wireless was not so strong. But it's really great and I'm really glad I went ahead with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love this phone. I had my phone for 3 days and it was still making the ring tone noise. I went to call my mom to tell her that it's not working. I got an answer and she said that I could still use it because I have been playing music on it the whole time. That's not true. I called her back and said I would like to change the ringtone back. She said that she can't change the music because it isn't in my phone. So I called back again and I told her that my phone is a dead one. And the lady that answered the phone said she could try a different ringtone. But she said she would not make me do that. It's like she doesn't care and she thinks I should do what I want to do. I hate her. It sucks for her to do that to me. And this is a good phone. It comes with a nice ringtone and I can't use the music. My friends are jealous of my friends with this device because they don't want to play music on their phones. And there is nothing they can do about it. It looks like they will try to fix it, but I guess they are all stuck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine for 2 weeks, its been working perfectly well, i set it up to use a usb cable with no issues, then theres a sudden loud buzz i could hear it a few times. when it died its not like it just died. i put the case back together, and when the battery dies again, its in the case i dont have to open it. so idk. i guess its not worth the money to buy this product if i had to keep buying it and having it die. maybe the battery didnt last long enough
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using this for a few years now.   It works good but after a while it does not work the way it should.  The phone vibrates but no sound, no wifi etc. The phone gets warm.  I used to use this because i like to use the phone for calls.  It has some features i really enjoy.  If you are just looking to talk to people or text then this is the phone.  This is the only phone i would recommend to someone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this as my first electronic device and after some trial and error, it does not work properly, my computer is not getting connected to it for instance, and i cannot turn on my tv...   Also, I think the usb port is not the same in my case... the one i have is smaller and the plug is on the front and it works just fine.   i will be getting another one...  .     Been using it about 2 years now, it has no problems at all, only one time it did not work as it did when I got it, the phone would not make a phone call and did not turn on the tv, the computer would not turn it on though, so I ended up doing a hard reset. I can't complain about anything though.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I had a few years back a really nice Apple laptop with a big screen, and it ran like a champ. This latest device doesn't run at all. The keyboard is a real pain and the mouse was also terrible. The screen on the new version is a total flop. The mouse is worse than the previous one. The touchpad is terrible. I am very sorry to be this far with Apple. I will never buy an Apple product ever again.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: cctv-laptops
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have two of these and they were purchased with a specific purpose in mind and they have yet to accomplish their purpose. I don't have a wireless keyboard so I use this to type text messages and emails on my computer. The keyboard is very hard to move. The keys do not work well together and make clicking very frustrating. The USB cables are too long. The phone connection is poor and doesn't connect well enough to my tablet and it is always unplugged. The battery life is terrible. I got two for two other devices and it took two hours to fully charge one. It is a great product, but be prepared for it to not meet its original design and function.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for over a month now it is not a good product. i got it for an hour or two and it was a pain in the butt to use and my battery died a month ago. so now i had to buy a whole new battery, that cost me 10 bucks. ive never had an electronic device die on me before. i will not buy another one of these unless i can fix this device for less money.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  Jules   9  Reviewed by:from Los Angeles. on 12/2/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am not really a fan of the old-school method of connecting to a TV using the antenna and then using a DVR. But this time I wanted to get an old VCR to work with a computer. I got the computer and DVR and then tried this little device that plugs into a computer and it works. There are a few things I would change but this is my first try and works good. I used the USB to DVR adapter. It works fine. I would like to change some of the directions since there are so many people online and I did not get the instructions from the manufacturer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best   It's easy to use, but   it doesn't work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 years now and i had it replaced due to not working at all. it wouldnt turn on. so i just threw it away. i used to like this product but now i can't believe they would sell it for less than what it was worth.  Great purchase! Review by mike. (Posted on 6/12/15) Customer rating: Performance  Value  Quality Great product and good price!!  i have a v2 of this and it works fine. i wish i had this years ago. I have a few more to go.  a must for all you long range users!  Pleasen to upgrade! Review By Lorna. ( posted on 3/12 /15 ) Customer rating : Performance 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a few times and it works great... until you start typing on it. I have an ipod nano and this is the same thing. It is not good at all. i can only type a bit on it and sometimes you can type on it, but when you are typing it is very hard to control the volume or anything else. It was great at first and then it started getting more and more annoying. It took 3 weeks to get this thing to work right... I would be willing to pay for an improvement on it...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These headphones are terrible and it is very annoying that they don't have a remote control and that they are so heavy!  I had a few other brands, but these have ruined them!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product just isn't worth the money, especially when your phone can do all the same things on a much better price.  Its so cheap that you'd have to be pretty stupid to actually buy one for its intended use.    The app is very basic, and most of the functions it offers are not as useful as they are in your own home phone, so unless you really need that feature, just put this in the bin. The review of the   PACKAGING, FACTORIES, ORDERS  THE PACKAGING:  There are three sizes of bags in the kit:   I have the large, and they are nice and heavy.  The largest bag has a soft felt inside that feels pretty good.  It is about 12" wide x 15" deep x 5" tall, and weighs about 12 oz, so it isn't very heavy. The second is a larger "garden" size (12" wide by 15" wide, 10" deep by 12" tall) which is pretty nice, but not as nice as the first.  Also the bags are really just about 5" wide to make the bag look a little less like it is filled with water (which it isn´t).  You get three bags of each size, a large inner liner bag (the most useful item in the bag), and a small outer bag (which is for things like earplugs, etc).  Each bag is lined with fabric (for a soft feel), and has a small zipper which is for zipping things out.  I would have liked some kind of Velcro or other attachment for things to stay in the bags.  They come with the smallest bag with the soft felt lining and a zipper (the largest bag comes with the velcro) but the velcros for those are not the nicest.  When I was unpacking the bag it felt like the lining would come off.  For the large bag (where I use the best of the lot, so I use that), I can't say that it comes with much of a "giant" bag.  Its mostly 2 large bags (small and large), and I am not sure how many zippers it has.  There are a lot of plastic clips inside the bags to hold things down, but they aren't very strong.  Some of the bags have things inside them that will rip out of the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  Ran out of battery, would have been nice if they had a micro-USB option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the only keyboard I can use for playing games on a pc. I had to have a good keyboard to play games on, and my computer has a good one. Now I will use my desktop keyboard. If you're looking for a good gaming keyboard, I give it a 5 STAR. I have tried many other keyboards with no luck, so this is the way to go. The keys are the right amount for me. My only complaint is that it is very loud for a standard gaming keyboard. It could be that my sound card is crap and it makes a lot of noise. I'll see if I can improve the sound before I use this one again. I also wish I could have a numeric keypad. It's a little hard to type numbers with the space bar, but I'm willing to live with that.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________ You know the best, but if not the best - you're really not even a close second. I have had the S3 for only a few weeks now, and have already had to replace the battery. But that's not the point. The phone itself has a horrible back-cover. It is not only hard to grip the phone in a way that it doesn't fall out and to hold the phone the way it is supposed to be held, but it is also very slippery. I've had to hold it with one hand, while one of my other hand is gripping the camera/microphone/etc. This is not the most comfortable phone on the market. I don't have a bad point about the S4, it's great. But this phone is just so hard to use. It's like holding a piece of garbage. I'm sure Samsung knows that it's hard to get used to a phone when you are not used to it. But they have a few months left to figure out how to do this right. I mean, you can buy the exact same phone and they're going to be vastly different in fit and finish. But if you buy this and they don't fix this immediately, then you're going have a very unhappy customer. I had to call my credit card company, because my credit limit was maxed out. I haven't had to do that to my bank yet. I just can't get over how hard it is to hold this phone. It feels like a piece that has been slapped on without any thought as to how it's going to fit around the rest of the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried all the brands of gpu's. my pc is a gtx 680 gpu, and when I started this computer i was using an asus gtx 580 graphics card. my graphics card works flawlessly in this computer, and also works flawlessness with all my games. I cant tell the difference between these gpu brands of computers. I used to use the new gtx 5xx's, and now i use the old gtx 4xx's. ive spent a lot of money on my computer, but its been worth it, and i would recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 5 months now, the only thing that i cant say is that the audio is muffled, the sound hasnt been muffled since the first time i used this, but theres nothing that i can do about that. the one thing i can say is i wish i had this before i got my iphone.  I used the device as an external speaker and it worked great. It is so easy to use and set up, you could set it up within 5 minutes. The setup is so simple, you just need an internet connection. There are no apps to download and I don't think anyone will want them on an ipad anyway. It will also work with anything you can hook up to an amp. I was using an ipod touch with headphones, and it works just as well. Its a great product, I recommend it to everyone.  the sound is so clear  i have no other devices with this feature, which makes this device the perfect companion for my laptop  Sound quality is great and I'm sure my iPod will love it. .  was easy to set up and have a great sound.  in my opinion, its a must have when you need a portable audio device. - John  Have had the iMac with a small portable speaker for about 5 years now, but this is the best portable speaker I've ever had, and I own a couple others in my ipod/iphone line-up.   I'm from the east coast and this is a nice, simple set up that is very good. I've listened to it a couple times so far, but I'm going to add it to my collection very soon.  of course, the iPod and iphones work with it.  .  that is a beautiful speaker and i was using it as my ipad mini, now i have a nice portable speaker with iMac, ipod, iPhone, ipad, iMac mini and iPad mini.  and a big plus is that when it is in airplane mode, it can be connected to the airplane and be a portable speaker.  I have used this speaker for a week now and all the other portable speakers have broken after a week, and this one stays sound and in my bag. I have even been listening to music over the internet and it does not cut out.  I've been waiting for a portable set up for a long time,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- I had two of these but the last one broke, and I have been looking for a new one ever since. These are really expensive.  Excellent product: --------------- The only bad thing about these is they are very easy to knock over. If you need to put a phone on the table or just stand it in your lap, this is a must have.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been waiting to get this thing for a few months now. I'm a computer teacher and I work with many kids at my school. I have two other tablets for my students, but I always have my tablet out. I can't stand the look on these kids' faces when they play with these things, especially when they have an iOS device. It's the worst. I got this to replace my older tablet. I know that my older tablets are pretty old, but they are still pretty good. I just don't think this is worth the money. I've only had it a week, so I don't have any feedback on it yet.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a good starter computer, but it's way too expensive for what it is. The hard drive (the most important component, the only reason you're buying it in the first place) has an error, which means that it won't actually boot, and won't be able to do anything, if you use a different operating system. So you will have to reinstall the operating system on your own. The processor is too slow, so there is a lot of slow motion going on (and it does this continuously) when the game is running. And then there is the graphics, which are not very good, and don't really look good. You can't use the computer for video streaming at this point, so all you have to do is play games, which isn't a very good solution either.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My new smart phone was stolen from my car on Friday evening. I've already started looking for a new one and am a little disappointed. It's just another dead phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love my new i3 i3 is my new go to device. the usb port is great. i only wish the usb plug had a magnet. its a bummer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my mavic 2 for 3 weeks now and it does everything it was supposed to. and that was before i even turned on my computer so it was before any settings were taken out. this thing can only hold the charge for about 2-3 hours before it runs out and its a pain to get it off and on the battery is on the tiny side.  I have a sms 2 and it holds a charge for 1.5 hours but is a lot harder to use. ive bought this mavics on a 3 months contract and i wish i had waited a bit.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The problem is I really wanted to be happy  I wanted to get my money's worth  But, I couldn't get there
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s works ok for the most part, but has a weak speakers (they seem to be out of spec) and has a pretty big bug. when i was on the road, the screen would flash for a bit, then turn off, then the screen goes off. i have never experienced this with any other phone in my life. i guess i have to keep going back to the 8.2 because it was a better phone for most people.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  There are things you never expect to be good enough. _________________  You can't be too careful, especially in a business where things get lost and damaged.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been in the process of getting a vita mini 2 with a 3d rumble pack. ive waited over 3 months for it to arrive. its broken in with the micro usb charging cable. i have used it on and off for about 3 years now. it is still in warranty so i want a replacement.  i have called up a few times and am having problems getting a human being to talk to me.  im a regular person. my problem is not an isolated case.    i will be paying extra money for warranty vitamixers if i can find one   my last e-vita was a bad e vita with a broken charger and the vita is still working perfectly.   the vitamax does its job but they are a waste of money to me and its a shame because if i could upgrade i would. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year and i have only had it for about 6 months and it broke on me. it was a cheap mp3 player i bought on ebay and wasnt even working when i bought it. the plastic that it came with is thin and bends easily when you bend it at an angle like that. when i bent it at the wrong angle it actually broke because it snapped in half. its a shame because it was so cheap but other then that it works like a charm and is much easier to clean than the mp3 players that ive had in the past.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 12, 2010  Works well but needs to be better designed  by Steven from South Carolina USA  Review: It is the first MP3 player I've owned. I purchased it with the intent of using it with my digital music players as my MP3 players didn't have built in CD players. It works great with my players, but I don't like the design of the buttons on the front, so I decided to have it replaced. I also purchased the cord with a USB connector. It looks like it was designed for a phone. The USB connector should be at the back of the device. It makes it difficult to plug in my CD player and the player doesn't even play when plugged in. 's is a good MP3 Player and will allow you to listen to your music while using the computer. I have not had a problem with this product yet. I just want to make some suggestions on how to improve this product. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a week now, it is the first time i bought it from ebay. Its very fast at transferring photos from my old phone to the new one. But for the price it was a good deal for me, but i will not use it again. The camera app on the phone is very good, but the transfer speed is really low, theres no need for any fast internet in a place like this. I bought a Samsung Galaxy S3, I use this for backup to my S3 and to my computer to transfer photos for work. I am not even impressed with the pictures on this camera, but to save the file on the SD card and to transfer it. the app is so bad i can't use it for that. it takes forever to transfer the photos and sometimes its not the best quality to transfer, it sometimes gives me a bad picture. But the app that is on the back of the camera is very easy to use and transfer. its a good idea to buy an external drive with more storage, as i will be using the sd card on the camera as backup.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- After 3 years of continuous use this monitor has finally failed. It started at the bottom right side of the screen with the text light. After about 30 minutes of being plugged in to the wall with my laptop it started dropping below 70%. After about 1 hour of being unplugged, it came back up as if it was working. But after 5 hours it was still dead. I had replaced the screen, motherboard and usb cables and everything else. I am now just waiting for my money back. I hope I don't loose all my money on a $300 monitor and lose my job. --------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's a bit hard to use since it can't be adjusted to the same level as an ipod. It makes it easier to watch television though!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year now, and for all my issues it seems to be the exact same one, i dont get it, the connection is a bit bad and doesnt seem to be a good quality product. i would like to know the manufacturer and the quality assurance standards for this product.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: tony_bob
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 8.0.1 tablet for almost a year now. I have no complaints to speak of, however, the battery life has been less than desirable. I found that after about 2 days of normal use, I would see my tablet begin to get very hot and the screen would go dim and then begin to go black. After about an hour the screen goes back to normal but then continues to become very hot for a while before it goes back bright. I also found that my tablet would go from the green to the red if I let it idle for a long time. It's not the most pleasant experience. The other issue I have had with this tablet is that it requires an adapter. That was the only issue I had with my purchase, however I still felt that I received a low quality product for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The light that illuminates the display is very dim and there is a lot of ghosting. It works as advertised, the light is great, but if you don't like the dim light, you can turn the brightness to a very high value. If there was a way to have the backlight to last a lot longer and have an adjustable brightness, this would be the perfect device. This is a piece of junk. Buy a good computer mouse instead.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jay from It really is that good! I used this for about a week on my 2 year old gopro and i really can't say enough about this little device. It's really light and can be used as a light when you need it, but it can be a great light for some applications too. Its very small and fits in your pocket. It really does work just as it says it does, and can't tell the difference between it and a good light. My only complaint is that the instructions are very basic, but this is expected when you're a first time user. , you really want the light at 100% which means that the light comes on very bright. I usually go with the light on at 50% and it's much less noticeable. I just bought another one and am very happy to see how well the original works now. This was an inexpensive and effective little light. It is easy to use, and it is small enough to wear. It has great battery life and its great to use during the day when you donot want to bother with a backlight. I would recommend this light if you are looking for an inexpensive, small and light backlight for your goprom or if youre a hobbyist. . Took this to a photography convention and it worked great for that purpose. We took pictures of the people in the photo booth and it was perfect. Lights like these are great for the little things in life.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a good unit that is not worth the money but it is the best cheap product!!!   by Michael A. on 03/25/2018 byon 03/15/2018 " I use the ROKKOR 200mm F2.8 G HLD and I love it. I don't shoot video but I use it to take pictures and this is a nice lens. I bought it to replace my Nikon 80-200 2.8 for shooting video. It gives great wide angle of view, is light and is relatively inexpensive. I can't say the same for my Nikon 70-200 4.5 because the lens is not as sharp but this is just an adjustment. I really like the built in light meter that is very easy to use and has the option of a flash sync or manual sync. The build quality of the Rokkor is top notch. The camera and lens are all metal and the focus and zoom rings are smooth. Overall, the Rokinon is a great optic and lens.   If you're a beginner that doesn't want a large lens and just wants the wide angle, this lens is great. But if you're more of a professional and are looking for something with better image quality, I would recommend an all-metal 70-400 f2.6.  By Patrick D. on 01/30/2018 on 01.22.2017 " This was the first lens I've owned, I was a little hesitant to purchase due to it's high price tag but my first lens wasn't that bad for the price! Great for landscapes and some night and low light shooting. Great manual focus ring and nice lens caps. The only con I have is that there was no UV protection on the lens, but it can be added for a couple bucks. I would highly recommend this lens for anyone!  Read More Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These are the best headphones i ever had!  The comfort is amazing, i have worn them for more than a week, the sound is amazing and they come with a lot of useful stuff, such as headphones, cables, extra cables and more.  If you are looking for an excellent pair of headphones, these are the ones you are searching for!  in no way, is it good and cheap, its one of the best in terms of comfort, sound quality and cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First off, I have to admit that the design of this is really great. My main concern with the "competitor" device is that the buttons and switches are located on the back of the device and they're not in the middle. This means that they're all just in the way of your fingers while you're typing, which is why I'd avoid this device unless you're willing to put up with some finger-related frustrations.   If you're a perfectionist like I am, you could really find this device to be problematic. It is definitely more finicky than my previous laptop which used a touchpad and a keyboard. This one uses the "mouse-like" control pads located on each side of the keyboard, and this is definitely the biggest downside of this device. The one and only thing I like about this device is the USB port. I'm the kind of person who prefers to use all the USB ports on the device I'm currently using for the laptop. I just like using the ones that have the least amount of wires on them, so this was definitely a bonus.  , however, was just as disappointing as my other reviews said it was. While the port is okay, the cable it comes with is really cheap and the USB power brick that comes with it is so low quality that it's unusable. It's actually pretty hard to find a working one online. I found one that I like but I think I'll look into purchasing one of these later. I had originally planned on replacing the cable that came with it, but that doesn't seem like it will be possible either. I've attached a picture of the cable below, but be warned that it may not look very good... I'm also including a photo of the bad port I'm using the cable on. I would have thought that if you're just using this to charge the device it would be fine, but the port and cable can't seem to get along at all. I think the cable and port were designed to be used together, but they can't be because they're incompatible.   of the four USB ports, one of them doesn't have an output on it. I haven't figured out how to use a USB A to B cable to connect a PC directly to it, so if you use your computer with a USB port on it, this device won't be as fast as the other USB devices I'm trying to use. I also found it a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had a Samsung smart TV for about 2 weeks and the only good thing about it is that it works. I had to replace it with a different model (I have a new LG 3D TV) because the original worked and I have to watch a video to turn it off but not anymore the picture is not as crisp.   It has a built in remote which can be used by using your mobile phone which makes it a great device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for my son for his birthday and he loved it! It was the only thing that he could control with his brain that was not already connected to the internet. However, the directions for connecting the remote were very poorly written and took us a while to find out how to connect the device. When we finally got it connected, we tried to turn the volume all the way up...but it did not work. Next we tried turning it down and it did. Then, when we turned it up again it worked fine. After this we were disappointed. I was afraid the unit wouldn't work after all the effort to get it to work. We returned it and got a better model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i was really looking forward to this gadget and i can only say that it works great if you can understand English.  The device is quite cheap but what they have done with this is so bad   The usb port  It is very poor quality so i had to buy a micro usb cable from another online retailer   It comes with no usb cable and nothing to attach it to   As soon as i plugged it in, it started acting like an old and rusty old computer that has not been turned on in 3 years   I thought i would get a decent computer but this just makes me think that   You really need a decent phone charger   Posted by Rami from Iran at 1:18 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very cheap device, which does not work at all. The batteries are poor quality, as you can see from the pics. The charger has to be adjusted to the right battery because the voltage is too low, and then you only have 2 of the 4 batteries that are supposed to be connected. This will not work for long as it will not last long. The fact that the charger is so old makes me think that it has been replaced many times. I will look for a different brand charger for next time. The battery charger was very nice but it was not enough.  Rated 4 out of 5 by JB from Good but a little short. The device has a good design for an average product. The problem with it is that there are only 2 USB ports. The first is on the side and is a charging port. The second one is on a stand next to the power button. When you connect to the USB port on the stand, you will be asked if you would like to power the device from the USB or from the power supply. If you select power, you have no way of knowing that you are using the wrong port. When the power is connected, then the device will work, but it has a very weak battery capacity. I was able to get 3.5 hours off it. I would have expected a longer runtime than that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony ICF-SW300S-I before purchasing my i3.  While this camera was excellent,  I was not impressed with the image quality in this model. I will never go back to my Sony.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an amazing product and a must have in your toolkit. However, this model is a bit cheap feeling when compared to its competitors. If your using a mechanical tool, buy it. The battery life is great, the tension feature is a lifesaver, and the power cord is longer than it has to be. I have yet to use the tool with this brand, but the reviews on the sites are pretty good. I'd give this one 5 stars, if it wasn't for the price.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I don't know what kind of gadget this is but I had to call in and complain. ------------ It worked for a day, then started failing after 2 hours, at which point the "wifi" would just stop. ------------- ------------- I'm sure it was just a bad one, but it still sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The new wireless speaker is great, but when you turn it on it immediately shuts off.  The speakers are the same price as the previous models, but they are loud and not nearly as good as they were at the time of the last update.  It's a bad product. Rated 5 out of 5 by Bdaddy from Good for the price Had this about a week and the bass is great. The wireless is also very good. This is my third time buying this product and I'm very happy I did.  Rated 4 out of five by TKG from Great Value The unit is great for it's price. It is a good speaker for an in-car. . The speaker is extremely light. It's not a speaker to take with you, but it does work with a laptop. The bass is very noticeable and the speakers are very quiet. The only complaint I have about this product is the fact that it comes with a wireless speaker and a USB cable and not two separate devices. The quality of the speakers is good. The sound is clear. Overall the product is great and you can't beat the price. I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* The first problem I had was when I received the box, I tried to unpack it and found the power adapter to be broken. That is a real bummer. I had to return the box and send it back to be fixed. The second problem I have is that the remote is not accurate and the button has to be pushed very quickly or the mouse wont move. The other problem I do have is a dead battery but that is because of bad packaging. I will try to send it to another computer store to be replaced.  Rated 5 out of 5 by David T. from Perfect Mouse I purchased this mouse from the store at my local Walmart. The mouse worked perfectly. I like the smooth movement. I also like that it has a red button so that I can type in my web browser. It is light weight. It fits easily in my jeans pocket. I recommend this mouse to anyone who needs a good mouse.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got a lot of them. They all work okay, but they all crash.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Airsoft Dummy Grenade (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike tote section.  and share your good feelings! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Very weak battery.  Very easy to accidentally leave in my pocket and then have to get out and find it, especially in cold weather.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this laptop for about 6 weeks now and it has had it's share of problems. The keyboard is horrible, and the track pad is terrible. I purchased a new keyboard and mouse for it in addition to a battery to replace the defective one, which i do not understand why the product is still so expensive for it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It is just plain slow. The sound is very weak. I've only had it for a few months and it's already showing signs of wear on the plastic housing and the metal. I have a desktop computer which is much faster but this is still pretty slow. I'd recommend getting a new one.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: mrmj4
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while and it's pretty awful. It was bought as a second battery but its batteries suck. I used to get about 500hrs of talk time with it. Now I cant get more than 20 hrs. and at that time the unit is constantly sending messages. It also keeps saying its overheating so im guessing it is sending more than 500 messages per hour and the battery life is terrible. I wouldnt buy this again unless u can get it down to 500h and maybe less, but if you're going to use it for a few hours a day or a few days a week you really should consider getting a better one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as an upgrade to my samsung smart tv that was so bad. The box is nice and big and the tv is fine, it just doesn't play videos right. I've used the samsung box for tv and the apple box for blu ray player for 4 years and I bought a samsung s3 because of it's size and I love it. I just ordered a s5 and it's terrible. I can't seem to find any games that are compatible with it. It's slow. The picture is terrible and the sound is terrible. They didn't even put in the power button, like with my s3 it has power on and off and a volume buttons. The apple box has power buttons on the side. So I tried to buy another apple box and it cost me a lot of money, I'm going back to the s3, for now anyway.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- A year ago I bought a new ipod 3g with a screen protector. I had purchased a new case for it before the screen protector arrived. It's a good screen protector and the material is very nice but the thing I hated the most was the fact that this screen protector did not cover the entire screen. The image is barely visible. The screen protector has a small hole right by where you grip the case to hold it on. That's the only time I could see the image because the case is a little loose and it would not stay on the phone. So to keep my money I got the new one. This thing is junk. I've never used an ipod but I can tell you the sound quality is terrible. The ipod 2 is way better sounding with its speaker, the new ipods sound like a tinny stereo. The only difference between these is the fact the screen protectors are harder to replace because they are plastic and not metal. I wish this screen protector was metal so I could replace it and keep my ipod screen protector in good shape.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a decent product with very limited features. The device is fine, however it has a very small internal speaker and I have to turn it off and on just to make sure that the speakers are working properly.  The only good feature is the fact that it can connect to Bluetooth speakers without requiring a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought these and they didn't work for me. they were way too small and they wouldn't stick out far enough to screw into my battery box or any outlet i found. i would buy them again but i think they are way over priced for what you get.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 25, 2010  Great little tool!  by John from San Diego CA USA  Pros: Simple design  Cons: Not a very big battery  Review: These little things are a great tool to have, especially if you have a small to medium sized battery in your tool box. This little guy fits on my keychain and fits nicely into my pack.   In my backpack these little guys were easy to store and I could always find a good spot to put them when I needed a quick charge. They were easy and compact to take with me when I did not want to carry more battery, and for travel they could work in the trunk of a car.   not a big one.  as others have said the battery is on the small side but this will do the job.  , they are very simple and are a good value. .  and if you need a battery at all, these will do.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought an ipad 2g, and had to replace it in a few months because of the battery. ive tried the batteries at the time, and found it hard to power a usb drive or anything but it didnt matter. now the battery died and when i go to take the ipad back to the store, the battery is in pieces.  there is no way this battery is the same that i was using before. i know that i can get an ipady battery from another manufacturer if i want one. this one sucks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my psu for 2 months and the fan in it keeps on blowing but every other time it blows i turn off the power and im still getting cold. i got this to replace a different model psu and it sucks and keeps on shutting off. ive got a psu from seagate that works fine.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely disappointed with the price, quality and performance of this device.  The power cord is NOT made by Motorola.    This is what happens when you do business with Motorola:   A Motorola power cable and an extra adapter are included   I was very shocked when I opened the box to find that the product was the exact same as the last Motorola charger I bought.  I called Motorola to report a defect and was told that the company was so busy fixing phones they did not have time to fix my charger.  As for the quality, I have to disagree with the reviewer,   It was a nice looking unit but that was a given in a cheap case.  The buttons and dials on this device are bad quality   The power button was bad quality and scratched so much that there was a visible scar.  This button did not work at all   the case does not fit the power cord at all and has no holes for cable management   Even if the case did fit the cord,  the cord would still not fit in the hole on the back of the case.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the dremel for 2 months and just got rid of it. its a bad device. it was not what i wanted. ive been using a sony vtc-mini on a ipad mini for the last 3 years. the vtc has been a joy to use and i never thought that something that small could have this much control. i really miss the ability to turn it off without using a screwdriver. i'm sure i'll buy a samsung s2 mini or a macbook pro again in the future but its a shame to waste the dregel i have now.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: nagasa
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have this laptop for three years and I think the screen resolution is great, the weight and battery life are great, and the touch pad is just great.  However, when I got it, I was extremely disappointed because the battery was dead and it was still in the box.   It's great to have a laptop that does not drain batteries on me at all.  But then, two days after I got my laptop and plugged it in, it died again.  Then I had to go and buy a new battery, and it died after two weeks.    This is the third battery dead so far from this laptop.  The company is still very good about replacement and warranties and such, but it's not the best company to buy from and the warranty is pretty weak.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not the best product ever, it only works well with  my old iPhone 5.  The device doesn't work well with Android phones.    I've only used it twice.  I am not sure how many times I can get a replacement device.  My only recommendation is to check with other reviews online.     Posted by David, December 13, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing sucks! I bought this for a special project. I was using it for a custom display. It was good for my needs but it does not work in normal usage. It took a week of trying to get it to work for me. It's only two inches high. If I'm going to use it that way, I'd just use the laptop as my computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am using a cell phone, iPod Touch (old generation), iPad 3. I have a Dell Optiplex 9200 (1-gig). I have purchased several electronic devices since that computer first came out. The only problem I have had with my computer is the battery life. If I leave it in a low power mode and turn it on I have to plug it in, start it up, and go from home to work again (because I cannot use it at home). The battery life is not bad, but not great either.   Also, the computer and i-pods tend to be a little cold when I have the batteries connected.   Rated 4 out of 5 by Dmich1 from Best purchase ever. I bought this for my iPod and the screen is so clear. The sound quality is great and the speakers are amazing!  You can use the "USB Cable" to connect your device directly to the computer using the cable that came with it to get the same results.  With all that said...  If you need your computer to run a full disk encryption/file encrypting/encryption method, this is a good option.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really had high hopes with this device but it is a flimsy device, the cord is made of very weak plastic, this will break easily.     Review of DJI GO 4 Professional + 4 Remote + LiPo Battery + 2 Small Bag Contents:  Package Size: 5.9 x 3 x 2.4 cm (2.0 x 1.2 x 0.7 in) Packaging:  The item arrived in a brown box, the packing was very good. The device was wrapped in some bubble wrap and a little piece of foam with a little tape on the box and the device itself was in a foam box too.  This is the best purchase I have ever made and I have not seen any other drone that offers this much value for money.  This is the most fun i have had with a drone. I was actually amazed that i could do this at first.  It comes with a remote control and 2 batteries to fly for 30 mins or so.  Once you start doing aerial shots you will realise how easy and fun it is.  I have also found it to be very stable and has great gimbal for the price.  Overall this is a good product if you have a small budget to start with, the only down sides are that its not quite perfect yet, but i will update on that in the future.  This product is amazing. I have 3 Go4s and now this one is my favorite. I fly with a GoPro Hero3 Black which has the 2.7 gimps, but now i have the 4 Go4. For a hobbyist, this is the way to go. ,  Great value for the money. I purchased the 4 GO4 PRO, this unit is fantastic, it is so stable and can take amazing photos. I flew this unit for a week and did everything from aerial shooting to taking video footage. My only complaint is that after 30 mins, the batteries would drain but with the batteries attached, i got the best result out of the battery life, which was amazing.  is one of the best products I have used, just make sure that you purchase the best battery for the battery size you have, it also came with a 5 minute self timer. I am a very new aerial photographer and now use a GoPro 4, but I was hesitant about buying this because I had used a different brand before, but this one works really well, with a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________ I purchased two of these as I wanted something to do the job on a small project I was working on. This unit was an utter pain to use as it needed a lot of coaxial cable for all the connections and even with the coax cable, this thing is difficult to use. I was even having problems getting the audio into the unit and the computer to recognize the sound was coming out of the speakers, as if the computer didn't know what was playing, it would give me a blank screen. When I called Audio Technica and had them look at it, they said that the cable it comes with is not compatible and that if I would like a cable to replace it would be more than the price of a single cable. It's just really inconvenient. I have a Dell Inspiron 1570 with Dell Inspirons Built-in Audio, as well as a Dell Ultrasharp XPS 7 laptop. I really thought I was buying the right things but this product did not fit my needs.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my second wireless router. This one is better in every way. I had been using a WNDR3700 for over a year. It did the job, but I just wanted a little more speed. This new one is almost as fast. It is much lighter and easier to use. The signal strength is much better, the connection is very stable. I highly recommend this router!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My wife is a very good cook and is the best. I don't cook on most things, except rice, eggs, and cheese. She said she would not let me use the new Apple TV. I said "Why?". She said "Because I can't turn on the TV with it out of the house, and I can only get it on by doing it on my phone". I couldn't believe that! She never cooks much anyway, but she can't control her TV when she is home. If she had it, she could turn the tv off while she is cooking, then go to sleep. I can never turn off her TV. It makes a difference. She says it's just an issue with her. I know I am being a bit silly.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: pcmw-store
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* A few years ago i was looking for something to do with the new AppleTV (2nd generation) which i bought for Christmas. The problem was that most of the channels i wanted to watch on that device (like ABC and CBS) were in Chinese. I knew that there were many free to air channels in the USA but it was also true that many of the free toair channels in Europe were not available to the american public. I looked at the internet and learned that it was very easy to watch the UK version of BBC or the German version of ZDF or similar channel on the AppleTV. I figured it was a matter of time until someone had written a "reverse engineering" program for the Apple tv and figured out how to get this tv and other devices to do the same. I tried this myself for many hours but was never able to get it to work. I bought a cheap Chinese brand with many ports which had been shown in the BBC series "Top Gear" and was able to watch most of this stuff for free on my AppleTV but it would not do the exact same for the channels. Then i was going to buy a "cheap" set top box which is said to "convert" to english for the english speaking market but i couldn't do it either. So i decided to try to make my own. I took my iMac and went out to get some parts and i decided that i would buy a set of Apple speakers and a headphone amplifier. This led me to buying the iMovie software and the free dvds (like "Borat" and "The Simpsons") from Apple (iMovie is available for other platforms though). After all of this i made a "fake" computer and then "fixed" it so that it could talk to my apple TV via a bluetooth dongle (it could not use my usb). After some time i had a working device but i would never recommend anyone do this! I got a warrant on the "fake Apple" which i paid back by buying a real Apple and a blu ray player. ***** ***** When i bought the iMac i wanted a USB blu ray drive and a usb sound card so that i could play the dv dl from my dvd player. I got the iBook and the new macbook pro with the hard drive upgrade (but now it's a 10 hour process to upgrade my hard drive to the new 10TB ones)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one for many years and its the worst thing ive ever owned, not even the cheapest cheap knock offs are good enough to use at work. the ics chip is crap, the memory is terrible and will give you problems at first. the sound is awful. it should have been gone years ago. i will never buy another ics again. this company will not make a better ics. go buy a good cheap ics that works at work and dont buy this junk. i have one of the cheapest ones and my friends all agree that it is the worst ics they have ever used. dont buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have 2 of these, and they are excellent for the money. They have performed flawlessly and no issues so far. The only thing I am disappointed in is that I wish there was a way to connect a flash to them. There is a built in flash for each one, but I wish they would let you connect your flash if you would like, since it is so much easier to just plug in your own.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I purchased this item about a week ago and it works fine for what it does. I do not know how I got it so far off the market since it was on sale at Walmart and at a major electronics store. If it could be fixed (and it cannot be because it was only purchased a week before I bought it) then it would be a great device. But with the issues with it already I am not happy at all with it. I bought the item thinking it would do what was advertised and work but after I first plugged it in it started to act funny then it froze up then it got slow and then it went into an endless sleep and did nothing so I gave up on it. It was a great product until the day it froze. If I was going to buy it again, I would go with a different model and if Walmart has the same problems then there is no point in buying a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only issue I had with this purchase is the price.   It does not come with a charger so I had to buy a charger.  It comes with a 2 year warranty so I'm glad I purchased it.  However, the design is cheap and the battery life is not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it just won't work. The batteries die almost immediately, and the charger is so useless it is useless. And I have to say I am not surprised.  I have been buying them for years and I know that many of them die in their first year.   It is the batteries that are failing.  So I can't get on with the other stuff.  I had one of the older models that I had been buying for a while and I just got one of these new ones.  The first one I got worked very well and did everything I needed it to do.  It had a lot of features, like a timer and it was really fast.  This model is a pain to use,  because of the size and weight and the batteries in it.  These things don't need to be big and heavy, or expensive, they are for a purpose.  And I guess they should be heavy, and big, and expensive, because it is supposed to be used like this.  They don't have to be like that, but it is what they are, and if you use them that way they don't last long.   And then the charger.  After about 3 or 4 times using the charger I just quit.  No charge, no change.   It was dead and I gave up.  Not the charger though.  You just need a USB adapter.  There is not a standard USB port in these units.  To plug in and charge you just have to put in the right one.  When you get one of them new you have to get a charger, and plug it into the one that comes with it, so the chargers have to all be different.  Oh well.   The only other problem is that you don't get an AC adapter.   I think that is very important, if it is important at all.  If it is just something you like to have and not really need you can just go with an outlet that is already installed in your wall.   In many of the stores around town there are plenty of outlets with AC.  Most of them have two sockets, one for the charger and one for an outlet.   The adapter needs to be able to handle more than one outlet, and some of these units have two outlets on each side of the unit.   If they did not have a second outlet, the adapter would need to switch to the main outlet and it would
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using these products for about a year and my screen keeps going out ive had mine for a year its never been a problem i keep it off a usb port as its easy to work with when im on the go its a good buy but i really hope there comes a day when you can just plug it in and out with out taking out any of the connectors ive seen other reviews that say you need to use an adaptor to have it work with a PC    i think that may not be true   also i got the dongle to go with it so you cant use an HDMI to VGA adapter
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Dell 1570 laptop and it is not very reliable in that it only has a 5 year warranty so the repair price is a little steep for a computer that only has 1 year left. I was using the computer in the dorm where I work and I lost power about 3 times in 2 weeks. This was all on an off campus location that only had a limited amount of power and wifi so it was not a problem I had with the computer at home. I have heard that the laptop has had a firmware update that fixes some of the problems but I don't want to pay the repair bill if it doesn't work again. A very good choice for a wireless laptop. I bought this laptop with the expectation that it will be able to access the internet when I am out of my house or away from the office but it has proved to be just fine. The screen has a good viewing angle, the speakers are loud, the memory is good, and the battery life is good. The only problem with this laptop is that it doesn\'t seem to have a battery saving mode. I\'ve run out of power more than once and had to manually turn off the machine. Other than that, this is an excellent choice for anyone with an Internet access problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only good thing is that I got an error code but i can't change the code.  After the phone went into the void, it wouldn't turn off so i took it to the store to get a replacement and they were not happy with my receipt and said i had to pay to get the warranty replaced and then charged me $150 dollars plus $40 for the new one, this is when i found this phone online.    So I am really upset with the whole situation and not happy that I had to spend $50 plus on a new phone that didn't work so I thought it was worth to return it but i couldn't even get a refund for it.  If you do buy this phone I advise you don't get a warranty replacement as i have no idea what happened to the phone or how to fix it so dont do it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I used the iMac pro for a few years and it broke down. I am not in love with it anymore.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the pak2 on and off for a few months now and i just cant get the best quality from the audio but i have had other models that sound just as good as this one. i did the pk2's with a nunchuck and it had no issues but the nunchucks will get dirty or the plastic case may not fit well. the paks are good if you have a lot of money and want to get a quality one.  Noise Is Not an Issue!  by Robert K. on 05/21/2016 byon 05/  So I was a bit reluctant to buy this, being an older speaker and all. I had heard all of the reviews and was thinking to myself how can these really sound like this, well, I am really pleased! The bass is not as bassy as my old speakers and even the highs are pretty crisp. I am a bit of a home theater guy and this will be a great addition to my home theater. I haven't tried them on the bass yet as i have my sound system hooked up to an amp but the highs sound great!  I will definitely be using these speakers in my home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was extremely disappointed with this product. The battery lasted about 4 hours on a 3 hour charge. Even if it was fully charged when it died, the battery wouldn't have lasted more than that. The speaker was very weak, and I couldn't hear what the screen was saying. The device is not durable, and it's a waste of money for what it is. It's ok for a camera, but I wouldn't pay $150 for a single camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst product I've ever purchased from B&H.  The picture and name on the packaging was the best thing about the product, but the product itself sucks.   I am not a fan of the wireless, I don't like the way it looks in the box, the only way I use it is the USB port, and the batteries last 1/4 of a charge.  Would I recommend this product:    No.  This was my first experience with B&h and I wasn't happy at all, so I was pretty disappointed when my  ,      
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because it was in stock and I wanted to see if the picture would be accurate. I was wrong... it is not accurate at all! It is so small that I can't hold it without it being too thick, or too thin. If it was accurate I would have bought it, but I am disappointed that the picture is a lie, but at least I had to look it up. I will just go with the Samsung Galaxy S II because the image is so much better.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is one of the worst things i have seen. It is not the fault of this electronic device, but of the manufacturer of the device. The plastic cover that the switch is built into is so thin. It cant be used for other purposes, or other electronic devices. It can be seen in the picture of the switch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  I am very disappointed in this product. I am buying this to replace a failed power bank. It took me a few hours to make my decision based on reviews I have read, including yours. I was hoping for a power bank that was rugged, long lasting and easy to use. Well, I have to say that was not the case. This is a poor quality product. This was not something I expected and it is the first electronic device I have had to replace. I'm disappointed in the whole company. I would not buy this again. You will not get what you paid for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a few weeks now and i am very dissapointed in the sound quality. the volume is loud but it doesnt sound as clear as the pcs and theres no bass. this would of been a 10 if it wasnt for the bad sound.  Product Reviews Disclaimer: These reviews are based on personal opinions. Before you decide that any of these products are for you, find out more about how we use our gear and what positive and negative experience we had with it.  that makes the speaker sound like a little baby and the bass so much that i feel the bassline should have the speaker louder in the first place. the subwoofer is also very loud but its not in tune with the speakers. 1 of 1 found this review helpful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for awhile now. i didnt realize that it does not include batteries which can be inserted into the battery compartment. i do not like the look of this device. i thought it was supposed to be a big screen but it is really very small, and it is hard to see. this was my first android device, and i really wanted a big one. but i got what i paid for. it is a little heavy, and isnt that easy to use but for the price its okay, but i do wish it was bigger, i had to get a bigger one. and it needs to have more memory.i just hope that i will get a replacement battery. i think that most of the people who bought this should find something that they like. i wish i had not spent the money to get this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine for almost a month now and my phone will no longer charge if im outside. it seems like im getting less battery life everyday. ive been able to put it on a charger but i dont use my computer much these days and that keeps the phone alive. i am really not happy about this ive bought so many different phones over the years that ive grown to know how a phone works and ive gotten my fair share but this one just doesnt seem to be functioning right. also, its not being charged. i have a bunch of other android devices and they charge just fine, this just doesnt. so i dont really know how to fix it. _________________  -Mike   Current: iPhone 5s, iPad Air 2, Galaxy Note 4 (I think)- Nexus 5  Previous: iPhone 4S, Samsung Galaxy Note 2
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this one for 2 days and i can only say "its terrible". first of all, the charging cable is cheap. its so flimsy it isnt worth the money. secondly, the camera, it takes pictures really bad. the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because its cheap and i have a flip cam for my phone and that is much better. Overall, a cheap flimsy camera.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, June 15, 2010  I would buy this product again  by James from Lake Elsinore CA USA  Pros: great camera, very easy to use  Cons: camera is not waterproof.  is it worth getting?  Review: I have owned several of these cameras before and found them to be very reliable and durable. After all, it was made for military use. This camera was made with similar durability and quality that would be found on a military system. It did not disappoint.   This camera has a great built in flash with no cords and a nice soft grip to help you with focus. It is lightweight and you won't find that much in the way of buttons on the camera.   the best thing about this camera is that it can take pictures at night with only a simple flashlight!   I used the camera at night and during the day. It took amazing pictures and it really was night and day between the light and the camera when I went to use it during the dark. It would be great if the flash were also waterproof but as long as I can see the camera and the light is a good distance from the camera in total darkness, I can leave it on all night.     Overall, this camera was perfect for what I needed. .  I am extremely happy with my purchase. , and I recommend the camera to anyone looking for a reliable and versatile light source in the dark that is easy to operate!  . You won't be disappointed!  I would recommend this product to a friend. : )  No Was this Review helpful to you?'s review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the i2e as a back up for my laptop that I use to type.  Unfortunately it has had only 2 uses out of the many I have bought, which were not bad ones, but they were not my first choices of a back-up.  It does not take a long time to set up the app, and the speed is quite satisfactory, but I have no problems with my bluetooth being lost, etc.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JF from i2c support I have this on my Raspberry Pi. I have set it up in an old TV box that I have converted to an I2C interface and it works flawlessly. I would recommend this to anyone. It was easy to set-up on the first try and the app is very good. /u/kc3f  Reviewer: ianp  Purchased this for my Raspberry PI Zero. It works flaweously. I've had it for about a week now and I'm extremely impressed with it. It is fast and has good quality of data transfer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________  I was just reading some reviews on this product and this is the second time i'm reading a review and i'm like "what the hell." it's a $45 toy, a really good one with the best picture and sound ____________________________________________________________________  The sound is good, but the sound is really bad, and if I ever get my money back on this I am not buying anything else from a store _____________________________________________________________________  What is with this product? First, the sound doesn't work. Every time I listen to it, my friend says it's his favorite! When he's using it, he says it sounds like a vacuum cleaner. So I bought it. He's really bad with electronics. He told me he's never heard any kind of sound like this before, either, so I'm not exactly sure how he's hearing it. After trying everything in his cabinet, he still can't hear the sound. I am at a loss. I'll try and send him back his money but can't really make any promises. This product should've had a warning. ________________________________________________________________  So far so good, I can't get this to work in my car. __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this laptop for 6 months and it does not save anything. ive downloaded a couple of music and movies on the internet but that is all they will save from this computer.  it is a pain to transfer files from my mac to this one and even if I had a usb keyboard to do it from my laptop, it is still a hassle.  i am very frustrated with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am still with Samsung. I like them, but the Samsung samsung galaxy s2 and s3 and s4 and galaxy s5 and s6 are not as good as they were when they came out. I have had to replace them more than 4 times with different brands. The s3 is horrible, even though i have all the same model, the screen was never that great and the camera is horrible. The latest is the s4, the camera on it is much better and it can record video. I don't care if it is a 4k, but I'm sure my old phone would be very good as well. They can give them a upgrade if they want it.   I will never buy from Samsung again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *****************************   I have been using the Sony HXR-GF700 for about 3 months now and I have not been happy with it.   It is extremely easy to use and it looks great on my desk and my living room. It has a nice large screen that gives you a lot of room to work. The sound quality of the audio is nice.   The problem is that it is very difficult to set up. It takes a lot more space than my other Sony devices so I bought a second computer to store all the programs and documents. I was able to install it on the computer I used to work on when I was in college, but it has no hard drive.   and it uses a lot power which is not very convenient for me.   a good friend suggested me to try this HX700 because it was cheaper than the HX-N5 and it has a similar image quality and features to the HN-F600.   I am very disappointed. I like the Sony and I really want to like this HEXR-N5000 but it just does not work for me or my needs. I am happy with my HXN5 which has a more basic image quality but this HXi700 is not much better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good case but I really should have gone with one of the other models that are in the same price range. The battery lasts about the time I will need it to for a month and after that, it needs to be replaced. The case is great for keeping my phone very protected but the battery needs to last longer to make it worthwhile.  Style of Review: Classic   I have this case with the Galaxy S2 and my Samsung Galaxy S3. It does exactly what it is supposed to do, which is to protect the phone. If it is on your desk, it will be almost impossible for someone to get at it. The leather is nice and thick and the stitching on the sides of the case makes it seem more high-end than it really is. I am a sucker for leather cases and this case has been my go-to. I also appreciate the fact that there is no USB plug at the back because it means you can't lose your phone inside a bag or purse.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been wanting a gd3000 for a year or so now but it only came in the mail today when i wanted to get one for a friend who is really into his gd1000 and has a lot of problems with it so i tried this and i couldnt even figure out how to connect it. my friend had to call me back to let me know he got a new one but i dont have a gi 1000 to exchange it so im screwed with this and hoping im able to figure it out and then i can start over   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If I could give it 0 stars I would. It was a bad design to begin with.  I had to purchase a second one.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I don't think the phone has a bad design.   But,  the design is pretty bad.  The battery life is average,   the camera is a little bit poor,  and   its interface and functionality is not very well designed and easy to use. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I used my ZEN3S with the 5.2mm HDMI cable but when i plug a USB 2.0 to the ZEN2S, the USB 2 is only 10mbps but when I plug my laptop to the HDMI cable, I get 40mbps. The ZEN5S doesn't have a 5.1 input so I would imagine there is a problem with it but I just can't get this to work.  My other question, do they even sell a USB2.0 cable for ZEN?  I'm really dissapointed about the Zen3S, its just a terrible product and I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my ipod for about 3 weeks now, and i think it should be discontinued. ive been through two replacements, both of which were terrible. one of the replacements that was supposed to be replaced after a week did not work at all, ive have to force it to work. it's a cheap knock off, the apple iphone 5c is superior, the ipod is an overpriced toy that is just going to break after a few years.   i have the iPhone 5C, and have never had a problem with it.   (review of free book)  Review by: jeanne b on March 04, 2012 :  If I could give it 5 stars, I would. I had been using it for a month. I have to give credit to this site. I ordered my first item within the hour of going online and had it in my hands a few days later. I've used it for everything. For reading (I have no computer, so my e-books are on paper) for writing (I've got my own paper) and even for drawing and painting. Its a great addition to the collection.  I'm happy with it and I love the reviews that have been posted.  the price was great, I was really excited about buying this!  But I think it is too good of an improvement to my current device that I bought. I'm giving it 5 for now, because it can only do so much. . ,  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ I purchased the 3.0 meg battery version of this battery and it came with a dead cell. I was so happy I did not even consider replacing it as it is a perfect size for my electronic devices. I have had to take it apart several times to repair the dead cell but I have done it again and again. I am sure I will be replacing the battery soon.  Good battery, low power draw. I use my EZO on my laptop and an iPad to charge up my cell phone. I keep it on charge all the time and I am very satisfied. ,  I have an EZOS 5.5" portable rechargeable battery that I have owned for 5 years. I also have an Apple 5.0" battery that is a little bigger and that's my regular charger. I found that both of my battery's had the same issues. I will say this: My EZo's lasted much longer. I started using them about 2 years ago and I have used both for about 10 months now. The EZos have gone from 1 year of heavy use to about 3 years. The Apple battery went from 1.5 years to a few months. That is what I found with the Apple battery. I did find that I was missing a few cells so I decided to upgrade the cells on my Ezo. So far I have found one that I am happy with. I find myself more careful with the Ezo because it was my first one and my cell life is now more consistent. I do not use the EZio for charging my cell phones so I do have a backup battery with me. I've never had any issues with the battery but I did notice that if the battery is going downhill, I get a little bit of an annoying "hum" that is audible. But, I do use the battery a little more frequently now that it is working correctly. I wish the EzO were a little cheaper but so far the Ezzos are great and have performed well so far.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit came to the store broken in a small parcel that had a huge hole in it. I did my research online and found reviews of people getting this unit working and others not so much. So after much research I chose the DMM-E12 and I've been extremely happy with it.   My only complaint is that the front panel has a plastic cover over the buttons so it can't be removed by hand to change the settings. Otherwise it is a great unit and I would highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this gfx card for several months now, and i dont understand what all the fuss is about. there are a lot of reviews on here of people being able to play on amd64 and windows 10, but this doesnt work for me at all. I use to play in windows 10 and get stuttering and choppy on this thing. i've tried everything from getting rid of all the old drivers to updating drivers, and everything that i have tried, it still stutters and doesnt work. i cant play any games, and cant even stream games from my computer to the gfx cards in my pc anymore, because the stuttering is just too annoying. this card is really overpriced, and will just make my computer run slow.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made. It had to be replaced because it came with a dead memory card that would not read in the second generation of this unit. This is a small computer with a large battery capacity, so why would it need such a malfunctioning memory card.   I would like to return it, but I can't because I will be forced to buy another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to use in a radio controlled vehicle but the sound quality is terrible. I'm not sure why it works in radio controlled vehicles but it doesn't. There's a constant hum from the receiver. You can't hear the driver. I spent hours trying to fix the hum but couldn't. I was hoping for a good product but I guess I got what I paid for.   Pros: great value, nice light weight, easy to use   Cons: constant hum when using a radio control device
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******** I am not a fan of the iPhone 4 or 4S, and am not sure why I even bothered with these in the first place.  They worked well for a while but now I have to carry around a larger battery and a few more cables to use them.   I would prefer a standard sized battery as they make it easier to remove and replace batteries. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "If you get an electronic device, don't get a computer"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is my first electronic device (other than a small pocket calculator), and I am so so sorry to anyone I may have ruined your day by accident. The device had a short circuit in it about 15 minutes after I got it. The unit worked until I was about 25 feet away from it and then lost power. It also had a power cycle problem. I was not able to use the unit for about 6 hours after it lost power and had a hard time getting the battery back to turn on. I finally got it turned back on and now it has a dead battery so I cannot use the device at all. I did get it shipped back to me and I will be sending it back to Apple (they were not helpful at all at that point) but I am really sorry. This is the 4th product I have bought from Apple, and it has been a good experience so far. I would not buy from them again.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The iMac mini doesn't work well! It has a crappy screen and the sound of the computer is very bad! Also it is very expensive! I don't have a good job so I can't afford a computer like this! I am looking for a good computer for a student who wants a good laptop that I can take with me to school. The i Mac mini doesn`t work well. I have to put it in sleep mode every day to get the most out of it. The sound is very poor and the screen is bad! A computer is a computer! The audio is terrible! If it were a tablet I would have given it 2 stars. But I can`t afford a tablet! The keyboard has too much space on it. There is no space for the mouse. It also doesn't come with a stylus! The i min is not the only problem. If you buy one this is not a good purchase!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried many different wireless earphones and this is the best i have used. its just the way i want it, not too bulky, not that hard to wear. but there are many others who have had different problems. theres just one downside. it doesnt get good reception indoors even when you connect it to the wall! it just cant hold a charge. i had to plug it into the wall to get it to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________   What I received:   i was not able to complete my order on this site. I was hoping to complete and order my new keyboard before the end of the year. However, since my order did not get filled, I ordered the keyboard from the US website. Since I live in Canada, I am able to place an order. The price was $49.99, which includes shipping. I called them on Monday and received a message to come to a store. I went to the store and the employee told me that the computer was not there when I called him on the telephone. I told him I called for the computer and that it was not available. He told me to bring it back to the next day. I did so and I was able to order the keyboard. This time, the computer had the keyboard and I received it on Friday. I have not used the keyboard yet. I am waiting to see how it feels and how it will perform.   Review of the keyboard:  This is the first mechanical keyboard I have purchased. I ordered it for myself and for my brother, and they both love it. I like it because I can press keys faster and with more force, and it is easy to adjust the amount of force needed. It has lots of key travel and it does not feel like my wrist hurts while using it. The keyboard is very comfortable and has good key travel, so it is very easy to use. I would definitely recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I purchased this as a replacement for an old, old, broken cell phone. The new unit has no buttons to hit, no dials to push, and it doesn't have any functionality. The battery lasted a few months. I was happy with this purchase. However, after returning the old phone, I purchased an iPhone 6s and the same issues persist with it. The phone seems to be extremely fragile and the battery lasts a couple weeks. It can be repaired or replaced with nothing more than some tape and a Phillips screwdriver. This is not acceptable. I also purchased this device for a relative who is an avid computer gamer and was thrilled to get this product for their home computer. However he is now considering a return as it is clearly broken. If I had this device in my home, I wouldn't be using it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very bad unit.  I put a laptop in a bag and plugged it in to it for two days with no problems but now the power cable is completely missing.   No one should have to buy a new phone, iPad, laptop or ipad to replace an old one.   Excellent value for money! By John on 25 March 2015 John, UK Purchased this a few weeks ago for my daughter and a few friends to play with as they got bored of the phone.  I have now bought three more!  Very impressive range of features and very fast and reliable. Only issue I have had so far was a fault with my own SIM card, but that was due to it not being fully charged (which was easily rectified and fixed by the service centre).   I love that it was free to use on 4G which is fantastic because it's cheaper than going on 3G which can cost quite a bit more, especially if you're on a holiday abroad. .   .  I have yet to run out of 3G but so far so good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________  I bought the Sony Cyber-shot RX100 III on January 21, 2013. I was very happy with the camera and the quality. After 6 months, I took it to the "world's toughest shoot" - "The World's Extreme Expedition" which was a 5 day long, 3 day long and 2 night time adventure. The trip had a lot of extreme and remote locations which included high altitudes, rugged, snowy areas, rocky terrain, sandy beaches, and more.   The camera came with a lot but not everything, as I had to buy additional accessories, I bought the following:   1. Sony CyberShot DSC-RX10 III Lens Filter, which I wanted for all of my long exposures, so I bought this as well.   and 2. Sony 70-200mm F2.8 Macro Lens. I also used this in some of my remote and mountainous locations as well but needed more distance. I still needed more magnification and the more magnification, the more light you will need.   in the end, I used only the Macro lens for remote locations (like on the snow on a mountain). And also for the snow in remote locations.  .I didn't need to buy a second battery as the lens has its own battery so I couldn't use the second battery to recharge the camera as well as the second lens.   "The world's toughest shot"   "The world extreme expedition"  -Camera, lenses, batteries, filters, etc.   The camera is amazing. For the long exposures and remote remote locations it was amazing.     For low light environments and some low-light situations, the RX100III can use the same battery as a Canon EOS 50D. I used the same batteries to shoot the above and below.   -Battery life is great. The battery lasted for about two months with average use.   a quick test  After the initial shooting, I did a quick battery test to see if the battery would run out. I got a battery test report from the camera, which was in great condition. I left the camera charging for one hour at 3.3V, and it ran for another hour. I then ran the battery tests to see how much time was left. I had 3 hours left on the battery (with no use at all). I'm sure a few more hours would run it out, but I didn't have to. It was
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    One issue I have with this product is that it doesn't work with my Samsung S6 Edge. When I get a chance to try this product I'm planning on using it with my LG V10.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been looking for a digital music player for several years. I tried many different players but none of them was the best fit for my needs. I purchased this one for my son who loves listening to music on his cell phone. He gets bored of listening to the same old old music that he always does. My son said that this one plays songs better than his other digital player. It does get noisy sometimes, but he can tell that it's getting louder because it is getting louder in his cell-phone and not just on his speakers. We used to have to put up with the crappy quality of our old digital player which would make it unusable. I really like this player and I will buy it again.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: techguy8x8
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my father, he can't use a computer because of a seizure disorder. I found that the touch pad was very inaccurate and would sometimes move and make clicking noises (I had the "off the shelf" model that just had to be replaced). I've been told that this is the second problem that they have had with this product, the other one was the touch screen. It just seems to be a very poor quality control and the quality is awful. I'll probably return this and get the wireless mouse. Review:  I bought this as I had a hard time using my old computer mouse and wanted a better one. I read the reviews and thought it was just as good as the "original" and decided to go for it. I'm extremely happy I did. The touch pad is much better, the software is great and the USB port is awesome. I was surprised by the speed of this and the wireless connection to it was not a problem (not using an antenna in my house) so I thought I'd give this one a try. I used it on my tablet and laptop and it worked like a charm. I don't like it when a product doesn't work perfectly (I have a problem with my phone that I can't fix) but when I use this I have no problems. It's also pretty light to carry around too. If you are looking for a good mouse for a cheaper price I would recommend this one. You won't be disappointed and I would highly recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It took me a long time to understand the design of this device. I bought a second-hand unit on ebay for $15 after reading some reviews and realizing that it was a clone. The instructions were completely wrong. You have to plug a jack into the device and put a pin into one of the contacts on the other side of the device. Then you need to pull the other pin up and plug it into the jack of your micro controller. No, no, and no, the pins are NOT the same as the pins in the micro controller; you have to pull up the pins on the side and insert the wires through the holes of the plastic case. You don't need to use a soldering iron or heat to make the connection, just a standard screwdriver will do it. When I get the parts for the circuit boards I'll get the original, but for now this is a real pain in the butt to build one. -------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________ I've owned this product for over a year now. I've had to replace one battery in the product as it had started to die. I love this product. I can't say enough good things about it. It's light and very easy to carry in a pocket or purse. _____________________________________________________________________________________ I purchased the Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones in January, 2013. I'm a long time audiophile and the Bower system is a very close second to my Pioneer BDP 110 in my listening preferences. The sound is very good and the noise cancelling is just great. The volume adjustment is good but can be made better by a small switch in the bottom. The cord is long and I'm glad they put it in a pouch as that can be a problem in a purse. The noise canceling is also very good. The problem I have is with the cable not being detachable. I have had several Bose products, and have always been pleased with their performance. It would have been nice to be able to change the headphones out for my other Bose models. In addition, it would have saved some money if they would have made the cable detachable, but that's just a personal preference issue. ______________________ _______________________ My only complaint is that there is no adapter for the BDC adapter to be used with other audio systems. _________________________ _____________________________ Overall, I am very satisfied with my purchase. I would recommend this product and will purchase more products. __________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned 3 samsung models and it always crashes on me, ive tried the samsung charger and this one, it just doesnt work. i use a seagate usb c to usb 2.0 drives and this usb cable for the sdc cable for those drives.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a great unit for the price I am happy with it  Rated 5 out of 5 by Cian from Great product! It is amazing that the audio quality is still that good!  I can hardly believe how great this unit is! I have my VX700s in my DJ rig and they have held up just great! I am amazed at what a little bit of wire and some extra buttons can do. The sound quality is crystal clear. The microphone jack and speaker jack are on the back. I also bought a corded version that makes using the unit with a mic really simple. It's really hard to get a good sound with a mobile rig. This mic will definitely take care of that for me! It also has a nice soft mic mount, so it should be a good solution if you're a photographer or a videographer. I recommend buying this mic because it's small, durable, and has a great sound quality.  You won't believe the sound quality! I've used this mic on a lot of different gigs. It is so good! I wish I had purchased it years ago! The first time I plugged it in, the sound from it was clear as can be. It really does cut out the background noise, which is very nice, and if you don't plan to use the mic with a laptop it works fine with my laptop. You really don't have to plan on using it with a computer, it is awesome with a DSLR! The microphone is made very well. It holds it's mic position pretty good, but I still recommend using a pair of mics that you can plug into the back of the unit, or better yet, a second mic and mic stand if you have a DJ rig. It has a good amount of volume and you can pick up the sound clearly if you listen at moderate volume. It doesn't get any better than this!  (Posted on 3/27/2018)  Awesome Mics!! I have used the WEM Pro Series mics for several years now with no problems. I recently purchased an M7 for my Pro Tools rig. I have now been using the Pro M7's with my Macbook for over a year with great results. I am a professional sound engineer, and have used their mics on all of my jobs. I highly recommend the Wem Pro Series for anyone, from the casual DJ to the professional engineer. (Posted at 6/
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought these to connect a car stereo to a laptop via headphone jack. I did not expect them to go bad so quickly, or to be difficult to connect. It took me a while to figure out that you must cut the headphone jack, then the stereo jack, and then connect the two to your PC. It was a good idea to do it all this way, but then I had to cut the connectors again so the stereo cable would fit through the hole in the back. The audio is ok, it just is too loud, I use a small earplugs. Also the USB hub cable is the only cable I had that was both long enough and thick enough for the USB plug on the car stereo. If they were made in the USA I would give 5 stars. I can buy the same cables from other suppliers but they are less expensive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the most under powered computer I've ever used. It is barely adequate for watching movies or listening to music. When I purchased this I thought it was going to be great, but I was extremely disappointed.  I purchased this computer for use in my professional job. I love to use my computers for all my projects, but because of the poor performance of the computer I had to be content with the computer for playing games. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the bluetooth speaker on the couch for months now and it is not very good. ive had it for 2 weeks now and my housemate had his bluetooth speakers for a year and a half and he hates the sound of them. he uses the other bluetooth devices in the house and he is very happy with them. but im not sure if he just got used to them or the bluetube was bad or what. my other gripe is how the battery charges... it needs to be on all the time, and i have to keep turning it off. but it is ok for listening to music and tv.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I was very disappointed with the sound quality. I wanted to use my tablet as a music player and the music playback was terrible. I ended up cancelling my contract with the company and have returned it for a refund. ------------------------- I had my tablet for 6 months and it lasted the first 3 months. I returned it and gave the company a call to complain. They had a nice lady answer my call and asked me to come back in about 8 days. When I came back, she said it had been discontinued and was refunded. I took my tablet to my local Walmart and was told to come in next week. I was so disappointed. ------------ I gave this product 5 stars because of the quality control and the fast shipping. I had bought this for my daughter and it is wonderful. The picture on the box looks a little funny with a couple of things that I ordered having broken or cracked. All that was a part of the manufacturing process. When she got it, the sound and picture were fine. My daughter says it was great. ------------- I ordered this for a wedding and it was perfect. The quality of the sound is so good that we were just getting married and we were having trouble hearing things. After I bought this, we did a wedding at an outdoor concert and was just blown away by how loud it sounded. We went to a restaurant and had a blast at the outdoor concert. We loved it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year now. it has problems with battery life and the speakers cant reach very far. it was only a month before i switched from my old ipod to this. i am only paying a little more for it because it can do more but still, dont want to make a mistake. dont like the ipod look and feel. it cant be beat with other ipods but if youre into being clean this isnt the ipods for you.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 16, 2014  good value  by Jeff from New Jersey USA  Pros: price, performance  Cons: no wireless  Review: This is a nice radio, but the problem I had was that my iPhone 4 came with a non-WCDMA chip. I was able to get a wireless dongle to fit in it. I didn't use it but it does work.  the only problem I have is that this radio has no way to talk to a USB DAC. I would love to have one.  and I don't like the way the screen dims when listening at a lower volume level  Would buy it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 3 days now its terrible and when you plug it in its just like its never going to power up and you dont want to mess with it anymore when its so useless its like a $100 product that could have been bought for $30 or something.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________ I bought this because it is advertised to work with the iPod touch 5.1. It did not work on my phone. When I opened it it was dead. Called Apple and I am being told it is not listed on the list of compatible devices. Not the first time this has happened with Apple products. _________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this device to replace the old iBook G4 laptop for my brother. The only reason i'm giving the product 4 stars instead of 5 is because it could be much more responsive. I bought it and was able to run an e-book on my G4 until the battery went dead, but this new version took a long time to fully turn on or turn off. I did my best to use the wireless feature, but I'm not too sure it was even there since I used it only a few times in my entire life. It took a while for it to get going again. Also the keyboard was too small. I had to buy another small keyboard so I could have more space on my desk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old computer died two weeks ago so I decided to upgrade. After several attempts at returning the unit, I decided not to bother. The unit works but it has a huge, horrible power cord that was supposed to be replaced but never was. I bought this for $40. If it didn't cost $40, I would have loved it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this in hopes that it would work as a remote control for my cell phone. It does not work for that purpose, but it does a good job as a power tool. The batteries lasted for a year of heavy use and they charge fast.   It is worth a try if you have a need for a cordless power tool, but I would not recommend it for heavy use as the cord is very thin. I would give this item a four stars only if it could have a little longer cord and batteries.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Ron from If you have the money to spend, this is the best cordless tool around...... But the battery life is not as good as it could be, and there are a few issues. The cord is thin and not durable enough to take the abuse of a heavy tool, plus it's an awkward shape to plug into the wall. I'm using it to drill holes in an exterior wall to get access to a garage door opening. As with all cordless tools, it has a range of motion, so you might want to buy a longer cord if you don't mind spending a little extra. As I'm a contractor, I bought this for home projects. If you don...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this unit when it first came out and have been very happy with it. When i first got it i was a little worried because of all the reviews saying this is a bad product. I bought it on sale because i like to play with it but once i got it, theres a ton of lag to it. the lag is not bad on the computer. The lag on my tv is what i call laggy. I have no problem with the games but for watching movies its a little hard to play at 60fps. when i do play on the console it works pretty good but with laggy games it is hard to enjoy. I can play on both the pc and the console and i like both of them but the lag on the pc is a little too much for me. The only thing i have to complain about is the keyboard on the controller. i bought a ps3 pad and it is a perfect keyboard. this keyboard has little bumps on the top and bottom that make it almost hard to type. the bottom is the only thing that really annoys me on this pad. other than that, great unit and i recommend this for any one.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was not as fast as I thought it was. It was almost instant when I connected it to my usb hub, and very slow when I put it on my PC's internal hard drive. I would give it one star, but I just cannot recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years now, the only problem i had was that the usb port didnt fit my iphone 4 so i had to go and buy another usb port, theres also a problem with the headset it is very sensitive to microphone placement if you move it or try to use it as a microphone its pretty useless so no worth to buy this, it should be a pro and come with a usb port and headset port for pro gamers and audiophiles...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device for many years. Its an excellent, very good unit. It does its job, but has several bugs and a few design problems. First, there is no battery backup and a dead battery will leave the device in a half power state. I do not see the problem of leaving the unit in half power. When a dead power cell is plugged in, it takes a long time for it to become active. The unit can not be powered at all while in this state. In addition, if a power cord is cut while the unit is in use, the unit stops working and the unit becomes unusable for a while. Second, the input is too low. I would have preferred a higher input, because I can no longer hear the other devices very clearly. The input is not too low, it is simply too low to hear. Third, the display is very low resolution and does not display well. A resolution of 600 dpi is a bit high for a device of this size and cost. I recommend you try other speakers first to determine if a higher resolution display would fit the bill. Finally, the controls are not very useful. For example, I have a TV that has a sound bar with subwoofer and I do all my TV viewing with my own TV and the speakers. The sound bar and subwoofers do not make sound, but they are very loud. With the subwoos, I would not use the control panel to adjust the volume. I use the remote and play back the channel from the TV. Now if I wanted to adjust volume on my TV, I could do that using the remote. When I use my phone, I use Siri to adjust my phone volume. This is not possible with the Sonos, it uses the phone volume button and you can not even change the phone's volume using the control bar. I found it impossible to use this unit with my Sonos speakers. I could not set them up and make them work with the phone. These are not flaws, but defects. Sonos products have never met my expectations, and the Sonobase One suffers from several of the same problems. It is an excellent product, but is very unfortunate that a $199 unit would have problems like these. I am glad that it is available, because if I would had bought it, I might never have discovered the issues that I have.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a Deltacaster 2. It works great for recording voice memos and stuff, however when I try to record a movie from a USB hard drive the device just freezes at a random point after watching the movie, so I can't save it or anything. I have contacted the company about it and they have not gotten back to me yet. I just wanted to let you know that the company is not the best in regards to their customer service. I'm not a frequent customer.   Read more reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These are the worst things you can do with an E-cigarette, it doesnt even work.  I like this one,   i like the fact that you can turn it on or off, but i can´t be bothered to re-set my temp and it will start at 350 instead of 360  Excellent quality,   They are cheap,  But you can not beat them. You can buy them in bulk on ebay,  and you know what?   Buy it. The quality is great,  They last long and have a nice smell.  inexpensive but not great   these are not worth the money. I used to use a Kanger Sigelei which was a great, but it had a weird smell,  This one seems a lot more durable and has a good smell. I also like how it heats quicker,  The only thing is that I cant get the tank to unscrew,  It's got a screw to unscrounge but it's a very difficult thing to get in and out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the worst product I have ever owned.  The software is horrible, the phone itself is just as bad, it will be replaced if not junked.   I'm pretty sure this product is just another copycat of other bad devices and this is the same old design. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________   - I bought a Samsung Galaxy Nexus 7 on 9/22. I've had it less than two weeks now. I noticed that the screen goes blank when the phone is in "modes other than standby", and it comes back to life when it comes on in standby, but there's no way to turn the "stuck mode" on and off (the only way to see it is to pull the battery cover off), so I'm stuck with that.  - When charging from AC power, the screen only comes on if I pull the case off. When I pull it back on, the case is still on, even though it's turned off. I do not get an indication that the phone has been charged, so it's really hard to tell that I've just left it overnight with the case on.   The other problem is that if you leave the case for more than an hour, the phone's screen becomes super bright. It also makes it very hard to see what's going on on the screen.  with the screen brightness set at max, the display gets so bright that it's practically unusable without the case.   the phone also has a "screen timeout" feature (but not always) that runs for 5 minutes after the phone becomes unresponsive. It's annoying, and I'm hoping it gets fixed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!I bought this for the camera but never used it for anything else. It's a cheap product and it works well for camera purposes, but the pictures are very grainy. I'm not sure if I could handle it as a professional photographer. I did, however, use it for photography and a few other hobbies. The battery is not very long, and is only 1 cell. I found it hard to find the proper battery, as I kept having to replace it due to it dying during use. The other complaint is the control, which I have used it to control. It works fine, but not exactly what I had in mind when buying.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not the best I bought this to use with my DSLR for outdoor photography. I live in the country, so I use the Aptina battery grip, but was able to buy this in store. The buttons and sliders are a little too big, but for the price they are acceptable. I purchased this for my Canon G9 because it uses the same battery (1 x 18650). The camera does not take the same kind of pictures as the one from the A7ii. But overall, for the money I was surprised at the quality. I think it is a good product if you're on a budget. . ,  I did not see that there is a review on the A2H from any site that is not written by the manufacturers. It is like a mirror that is too large for the use as a grip on a camera. I feel that the way it sits on the camera is not in line with the style of the camera. It makes for a camera that does not look as professional or high quality. If you want the best grip available on the market for Canon, go for it, if you want something with the same look as the Canon G5, go with this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was too loud, the screen was too dim.  It can't even hold a charge when i plugged it in.   A better device would have been a good buy for only a buck.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 19, 2013  Excellent - only two things: 1. Don't plug it in to AC power (this is only a problem if you live in an area with an overcurrent device like a UPS). 2. Get a battery charger with a flat cable (i bought one of those at my local computer store).  By: James - USA  Pros: It works great, works as advertised and was a decent price. I also purchased a third-party external battery to charge the phone and iPad from a USB. :I like how I can plug it into AC power or USB and have the phone charge and even send/receive SMS and the iPad (with its own battery) send/recieve emails. I had to find out what a flat wire cable is but found that a simple 3.5 mm cable works fine and that it is more reliable than a regular phone cable. The iPad just charges through the 3.0A wall adapter so that is not an issue. The other thing to note is that you have to turn the brightness up a bit in order to see any text.  with that said, i'm still very pleased with the battery! I recommend this to my friends. -James  Review of DJT1311-00 Submitted By: David - Florida, United States  Great Product!  I bought this phone in order for work and so far so good. The phone is perfect and the price was very reasonable!   WasThis Review Helpfulto you? No Yes Sunday, August 12, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If I could do it over, I would have bought a $30 unit from another store. That thing has been dead for a month and it has the same issues (i.e. poor audio quality, no speaker output, poor Bluetooth).    Product Rating: 4.5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 62444  Reviewed: 2015-04-30 By:Hunts. Family pet. John From TX   Hunts,corgis. Hunts,corgan,and corgi. Family pets.  the hanburys are great but the cordless mb5's I have been using for the past 6 years is great for the cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product is not only difficult to use, but the buttons are difficult to see. The picture in the manual is very poor. It is not clear enough. I purchased this for my son because I am a new mom and I wanted to have a nice charger that he could use at home. We tried several different devices before settling on this one because it is very easy to use. The instructions in the device are good and easy to follow.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought the digital sound and recording box as a replacement to the cheapo recordable on an iphone ive had for 3 years now. however theres so much static in the recordings its unusable. even when its in the studio. just not worth the money.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product was great until the battery ran out and i couldn't charge it again.  The phone is great but the battery lasted maybe 10-15 mins or so.  It seems like the phone can't charge if its not at 90% (at the top).  A few people have bought this, i have not.  I did read reviews of someone who had a similar phone and had the same issue with the battery.     Product Review: Fobbit FobBit - Smart USB Charger
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When it first started, I was so pleased with it. I was on my computer playing games and it would be playing games for me. Now it has gone back and it is playing the same games again. It can't play any kind of media files. The buttons don't respond when I try to press them. I have called and emailed Sony Tech support about this issue, but nobody really seems to care. The battery is not holding a charge at all. This thing can't even last through a night of playing games. It has a 1 year warranty. I just hope I don't have to get another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for a family member who is learning how to use a computer. I wanted a device that would be easily accessible and that would not have the potential for being used improperly. I've been using it for 3 days now and the only use I am doing with it is to change the battery.  The interface is not intuitive and the battery level is not easy to read on the screen.  I'll have to buy a better one. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   1 out of 1 found this review helpful This is a terrible product. After I first got it, I installed it on a cheap mp3 player. I had to turn off the music, turn it back on, and then switch it back to its original state. If you do this, you are setting your mp3s up wrong. The "smart" functions do not work. If I did this a few times, I would not recommend it. I went to other companies and purchased another product from them. This one is just terrible. So I returned it, and tried a couple of other options that are also not that good.   Was this review useful for you? Yes No  This is a bad idea. You can't play/loop your mp1's on the new iPods. But they can be played on the old iPods! I was afraid of losing my music. The iPods are still not made in the U.S. So they are not made to last as long as the mp1s.  ,  "The new iPod players aren't made in America, and don't last as much as the old ones."  -Paul, New Jersey   I have a new, old, mp1 and an old, old mp3 with all their music.   the mp2 is a great player too...you just have to have the right cables to get the music to it, or if you don't have them then you can't connect to your iPod. I tried the iPod adapter (it doesn't work with an mp2).   This product is a total waste of money and you have to do a lot of extra work to get it to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a nice little device. I have tried all kinds of cables for the headphone jack and all of them have given me trouble. I found a little plug to make the jack work. It is easy to work with. The device does come with 2 of the wires and i bought the other one. The other one is good. The problem is that if you have the other wire with you then it is very hard to un-plug. The buttons will come on and then just stay on until you press the button and the device will shut down. This is not good.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an excellent product for my son to be able to play with. However the price is so high it makes me wonder why I got it... I have always had a child that would play with this toy so I was just hoping for the best when I received it. I use it for some of the most difficult to teach toys and when it doesn't work there is always this frustration. The fact that it is only $24.99 to replace the button is more of a problem...  The best for the money.   Good buy!  This item is great for kids who like to make sounds and move their hands and fingers in front of a mirror. I have had it for over 8 years now and it still works great. I was able to get a replacement for my previous one for less than $3. It works great and is a must have for kids.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- ------------- After just one week, the batteries on my E6-E6S got low and wouldn't hold a charge! I took it to a service station, and they replaced them for about $30.00. But my battery was low anyway and now I have a defective E6! I am sure the E6 is a very good electronic device, but I wanted to give it a 1 star because of the poor product that I was forced to pay for! I'm going to be looking for another way to recharge my E5-E5S next year! I won't be buying this one from my cable company.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried over a hundred of these, this one seems to have no problem at all, its a high quality product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by John from Nice product and a great price. I bought the new Zoom 2 for my 15 year old son. It is a great camera for the price. The only thing I don't like is it comes with the plastic bag it comes in. It's hard to get out of when you're taking a picture, but it's easily fixed with a little patience.  to the ZOOM 2's that are still available. i will say that after a few years of use the zoom function is very unreliable. I have to put a screwdriver in it to rotate the rings back. I also feel that the battery life is way short compared to other camera's I own. I used to take 30 pics a day with the Zoom 1 and now take 15, no matter how much time is left in a project. It also gets very hot. i had to replace the zoom ring every few months for a while but the last one broke. I'm going to get a better camera, but i don't think the Zoom 2 is a bad option for the money at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about a year now and ive only had one problem with it. the only thing ive been able to use it for is a small TV and i'm sure this thing would be able to do anything else but tv. The only issue i had with the tv is i was only using it for a minute or two at a time and  the usb port isnt designed for that type of usage, so after about 15 seconds of TV use the tv started acting up. i've got another unit from a different brand that works great for tv. so ive got nothing to complain about. ive read a lot of reviews on here about this device so  its easy to see why people are not satisfied. i bought this for the tv.  there are a bunch of things wrong with it so you have to have a good reason to buy it, because  there is absolutely nothing good about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the pw2, pw3, pf2 and even the pf3. the p2 is a dud. the f2 is too large. the pp3 is the same as the p1. the only thing different is that the pp2 has 2 usb ports. the usb ports on the p3 are only 1 (but can charge my phone while recording). i got this to use with my camera, i was hoping it would be good for my ipod, i am happy to say it was and it is very useful. i love the p4, but i cant stand the extra bulk the f4 is. Ive used the p5, p6, p7 and f4 a few times but i really feel it was a good idea to get rid of the usb port on the f5 and the p6 (its just ugly). i hope we see something good come from this debacle because this camera is a solid one for the price. i hate the fact that it does not charge in a camera bag though. this is one of the few cameras that i would recommend for a pro, especially for shooting landscapes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The batteries were all dead on one of the batteries in my new cell phone. The new battery is a crappy, 2 year old cell phone that I bought off a website for $100.00. When it arrived, the battery was almost dead and the charger, although it worked, was a very weak charger. I ended up replacing the batteries with my old cell phones. I would never buy from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** I used to have an old Nintendo game console, which was the first one of those you could ever own. When it died, I decided that it was time to sell it. It was on a rack and was in such great condition. When I first received it, I thought the color was very nice. After a couple months, it was clear that it would never turn on and it would be a good idea to sell. When my wife had problems with her car, she bought it to replace it. This thing took a while to turn on. It had a big black mark all over the back of the box. I didn't think I could go back to playing this thing so I sold it to a local computer shop for about 80 bucks. They gave me a new game console with a broken LCD screen, so I finally tried it out and it worked fine. It is too bad that I didn,t know at the time that I could get this same game console for 30 bucks online.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ This product is not only defective, but it is extremely heavy! This device is designed to be used indoors, and not to be carried around like a small tablet computer (e.g., iphone, ipad). I was very disappointed when I opened my package and found it in a box with the battery cover off! This product does NOT have a cover at all, and the battery must be attached with tape. The weight of this product (and the battery) is ridiculous and unacceptable. I will no longer purchase or recommend this device to anyone. I have tried the instructions and everything they say is "don't turn on the product". If I am paying $70 to have this useless device in my house, I expect a better product, not a brick. It also does not have any support from LG in making this device better. I bought this product from my local big box store (sounds good for a retail store), but my local store sold me this product knowing that it is not up to their standards. I cannot speak for big box stores. But I am a loyal customer, and I will never buy anything from a big box again. And if it gets recalled, I will NEVER buy it again! Please fix your product!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Pappo from A great value for the money I purchased this to use as a work tablet. This works great. I did use a screwdriver when I bought it for the cable, but the device came with a proper screw. The built in speakers work great. It was easy to put together and install. It is heavy however and not for the faint of heart. The battery is weak, I have used mine more than once, the screen tends to flicker or go dark at times. Overall I am satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it to others.  Product Rating: 4 outof 5-stars.  the product works good. the one problem is the battery is so weak that i was using it on the airplane for the first time and the screen did go dark. that could be the problem but that's why i gave 4 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________ It's a shame because I bought this to be used for my small children, so it can be more convenient to use a keypad to press the buttons. I was happy when it was just a big, heavy paper clip. But when I tried to use it, it was very annoying because it was really hard to press them. I would suggest using a USB extension cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This does not allow me to see what the other party does as I have to press the other buttons to select a button and this only gives me a black and white picture.  I have used it for years and would have gladly paid the extra for the color screen.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for an hour and a half and my unit isnt working. I have called apple and they said that is normal. It has been 5 days and still not working. Its like they dont even care about their customers. I will not buy again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I am new to this, but from what I have read, this is a very good piece of equipment, the only problem i have been having is the fact that it does not accept USB cables. i dont understand this, why not?  From Anonymous of Chicago, IL on 1/31/2012. The price was excellent. The electronic items were of high quality and of the right size. I am extremely happy with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for a friend but the video is bad, the video quality is very poor and it does not have good voice. I also feel that the product has poor support. Also, it does no have good battery life at all. You will not get this product for less than $150 at the store.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No 1 / 1 users found this helpful tennethoyleshore Verified Buyer 10 Reviews great video! Received it really fast and installed right away. It is exactly as described. Great video quality, I am using it with a Samsung galaxy S6 and it seems to work really well. It looks really good in my living room in the living room, it's an amazing piece of glass. I've not had any issues with my phone yet, but I will probably go to the store to get a warranty. Great piece of technology, I just wish it worked right. , I received it really quickly and installed. It ia exactly as descriped. Great ia quality, ia looks really great in my ia living room. I haven't had any ia issues yet, ive not used it much yet but so far so good. I ia used it with my ipod and iphone, the ia does not seem to work well on those devices, as ia has the same issue as the iphones and ipods. I received it ia really fast ia install ia, it iao exactly as describeed. Great, ia ia works really well on my iph ia and ia in my o ia.I haven't ia problems yet, I ike to ia before using ia on my ipod and i phone, iph and ipod. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for about 3 years now and it still doesnt work. ive called them several times and their answer is "we dont fix that kind of stuff". it was a sony vip 2 and a samsung galaxy s3 and it didnt work until i upgraded to sony s5.  Could have been different: When I purchased my phone, I was extremely excited. I went and tried to get it working right away, but was unsuccessful. After a year of using this phone, it works great, but for a cheap phone that it is, I feel like it could be better. The other phones on this list are amazing. I'm just hoping this one can get the job done. I have also been told that there is a software upgrade I need, but am waiting on it now.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was the first time I have used this kind of device and it works okay. I have had a lot of problems with the previous one i had. The device has to be screwed onto a plate, with screws on both sides, to work. When it is on the plate it is very heavy and you have to hold it like a plate. It takes a lot to get it on and off. And it takes a very long time to connect the power cord to the USB port of the device. Also, i can't use the device without power from an adapter since the power source is not very flexible. But overall I really like the device, and I'm happy to be able to use it.  Write a positive review about the product:  It's so awesome to see the power this product can give. The way the device turns off with its own power is very cool. I also enjoy the color of the light it emits. This product is definitely worth buying.  "The thing that's not right" is a really good review. It is great for those who have a problem with the wireless devices that they have. I've heard about the problem of the signal being very weak or not working at all for the past couple of months and it has always been because of the wireless signal not being strong enough. This is the first one that I've purchased that I really have a good feeling about. It's definitely not one of those wireless devices (such as the ones made by other companies that you can't plug the device into) that you simply don't want to use because it's too weak or you don't get good signal. The thing is, though, is that some wireless devices have a weak signal. This one is no different. However, for some reason (probably the design of the unit) the wireless signals that it has don't seem to be weak. The problem I've found with other devices is that they don't use any kind of technology that can give you a strong wireless signal and therefore the signal doesn't work when the device is in the dark. The only other device that I know of that uses this type of technology is the Z-Wave device, so I know that there are also other companies who make wireless devices using this technology. However because of its lack of technology this one is even less reliable than other wireless devices. I just wish that the technology wasn't so outdated that it can't get a strong signal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    There is no way to remove the battery when you screw the battery into the device. I got one at Best Buy and they said the battery was a bad one and was in no way replaceable. But they didn't say anything else. I'm really not the kind of person that has a huge variety of electronic devices. I have one that is a wireless printer that I use at work, one that I play on that is just about the same. It was the wireless printer and the camera that made me switch to this. I was using the battery for about a month, took it out and put in the new one, plugged it into the laptop and it started to work again. Then I tried plugging the battery in and it doesn't work at all. So not a big deal, but still not a good quality product. You will pay for this type of quality and if it won't work you are going to be very disappointed.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Chris from Works great, does not come with charger I use this to record my home and the audio is clear. I had trouble getting it to work with my laptop with no charger and when it did, it would not record. I went to Amazon and purchased the charger but when I plugged it in and began to record, it was very difficult to record. That is when I got the idea for my DIY solution. After some research, I found an external battery pack that plugs into the USB ports on my laptop and then plugs into this. After plugging it in, I'm now able to record with my phone and my camera. I was not able to test how long it lasts or record all of my files. We had a few problems, 1. When I plug the USB port on my computer into the battery pack it will not recognize the port. I need to connect the battery to the USB and then it will recognize the USB. I think the cable is too long and if I go to a store, I would think I would need the long cable. 2. There is a problem with the USB connections on the laptop, the USB is shorting out which causes the USB to disconnect. I am trying to get the USB back to work. There will be a problem. 3. When recording video, the battery will not run long enough for the recording to start. This is when you will need the USB cable, as the battery runs very short. This product works
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a seagate 1tb (and 1tbb) for about a month. it was cheap, so i was excited to get it but it isnt great. once you set up your windows media player (which is a nightmare) it will only play a few songs that come up. if i try to play more it shows up with error messages on my system. i also cannot access my sd card. and its getting really hard to access my computer. i have the same problem with my samsung galaxy s3. i dont know if they are just too bad and my computer wont boot and i can't access my ssd. i would not recommend this product.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Images dialog Previous Image Next Image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my first computer for a job and it is a terrible. I had a couple problems in the first month I had it. The monitor is a piece of junk and the screen is a little green. Then in the middle of October, the computer went out of power. I called the company to get it fixed and they sent me the parts a couple weeks later. When I started using it, I ran into another problem. When you press any key, the keyboard shuts down and then it does not turn back on after you unplug it from the wall. It just sits there. I can't use this computer at work since it is not very reliable and does not support more than 5 people. The only good thing about it is the built in DVD drive. However, this is my second computer and will not use the third because of the problems I had with this computer.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Beware of this computer I bought this computer for my son. It has no power adapter. The computer is just sitting on my desk. If you think this computer can handle it, it can't. I'm not very happy with it. , and only uses 1.4V voltage, so the unit is not over heated, but the monitor and keyboard are also quite weak. The DVD drive was just not up to the job. There's just not much of a difference in the performance. There's no extra buttons or settings that I was able to find, the main controls on the computer are at the back of the computer where they are easier to find and access. The hard drive works just fine but is a bit noisy. I'm hoping it's just an old computer and I'll get a new one in about a month. This one is really a piece o f junk. (from Google Adsense)  I bought the computer for two reasons: to give my son and niece the ability to run their old computers (which they were able to do on the laptops we were running at home) and also because I knew that if I needed to replace the hard drive or the monitor for the computer (which was the only other computer my wife and I used), I could do so without needing a third computer or a separate power cord. I got this unit thinking I would be able to get more from it. I was wrong. I bought it in late October and it still works in January (two months later) and my brother-
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just replaced the speakers on my iphone 6 with bose. i have no problem listening to music from my phone but the sound is extremely poor and i cant hear what the radio is saying. i was wondering if there was an option to upgrade to good sound quality.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: rlm_music
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a cheap mp3 player for 4 yrs, when the screen cracks on it theres a reason to get a new one. its been broken before and isnt that hard to replace but i would get a cheap better. (by: alain)  5 stars for audio/video quality. ive had a couple of other cheaper mp3 players that just dont have any sound and not the same quality.   so far these are worth the price.   and you can buy extra memory on ebay (or maybe a usb card if you have the extra cash).   my wife loves it, and we have the stereo built into the car, so we dont have to worry about our mp3s in the car.   the car itself only cost a couple hundred dollars so that makes it very affordable to my wife and myself.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I have been buying this for a couple of years now and I've had a couple issues: ------------- 1. It is a pain to type with the screen facing forward. I hate that. ------------- 2. It's an annoying sound, it is like that old game that says "click" on the button when it is being pressed. -------------- I have replaced the battery once already and the thing is still not going to turn on. --------------- 3. The buttons are not backlit. I don't know if I am supposed to be able to read them but I do. I am not sure what else is wrong. -------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3g sucks I have had the new ipad 4 and I've tried the ipad 1 before. The 3g doesn't do much for it either but the ipads 2 and 3 aren't bad either. I was thinking the ipod might be better because it doesn't have to charge so much. But the ipods 2 and the 3 both suck, and the new one even has the same kind of plastic that the ipa has. So if you want a phone that can go on the airplane, and doesn't get ruined by people's use of it, get the ipx, or get a ipod that charges you. If you don't like that plastic, get a cheap ipod for your iPhone.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- "It just isn't worth the money! This unit was defective, and I did not buy it as a gift. The sound coming from the unit was very poor. It is very difficult to set up the unit and it doesn't work at all. The unit is not very powerful, but still produces a very poor quality sound. The control panel is very poor in layout and difficult to use."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a couple months now and i love it! i think i might just have to get rid of the other brand i have...  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it twice now and it keeps giving me the "problem with sound", it has been 2 weeks and still it keeps going. i tried the "cable and connector", that fixed it but i have yet to get it working correctly. i dont understand why someone would buy this over another better one. i did use a good quality power supply with this and it works just fine. i have the best speakers in the house, they do not work with this but i do understand that its the cables that can be wrong. i hope a person comes up with a better one and i wont even mind if the "sound" is not perfect but it should work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "All that glitters isn't gold"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just returned it to the store I got it from and they said I had to get it back and that the batteries did not last the full time. i could have used them for a long time and the battery is a terrible quality. i was really disappointed because this is one of the first electronic devices i got. i bought this to listen to music and i just returned to the shop today because i couldnt even use it for about 30 minutes and the batteries were giving out. i know they do a lot for the industry because the music quality is way better with it. i thought i was going to lose my hard earned money but fortunately I found this great website and got the battery replaced for me before i had to pay for shipping and the rest I was fine. ive been using it for a month now and im fine with it but if you are looking for the highest quality you dont need this. if you really need a good quality device i would recommend this, but dont waste your money because they have this one that is almost perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The keyboard is very hard to press and has a lot of travel. It doesn't even feel like I'm pressing it, just that it's there. My only other complaint is that the audio is a little scratchy. It's better than the first Gen, but it's still not perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was using an old HP 8400 wan drive which is very low quality.   A few months ago it started to fail. There were numerous issues including not spinning up the drive, a spinning noise, and a sudden change in the temperature. I was worried, and looked up the possible problem. Turns out, the WD 8400 is known for its high power consumption. I have been replacing it with Seagate 3TB drive for 2 years and it is still working great.  , but it was so easy to replace.   and they will not charge me for a new one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a samsung galaxy s4 for about 3 months and it hasnt worked a single time and i have had about 10 samsung gadgets before that all work for me.. the problem is that i cant put a memory card in it. when i try to put a card in the phone it will just go back to the computer screen.. i want it to work.. any help would be greatly appreciated
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I purchased this item in anticipation of having the power of a cell phone but with the durability and reliability of a GPS device. After using my device and looking for something that had a compass, I came across your website. My search came to an end when I found this item. I have used my device daily for the past few weeks and cannot believe that you did not provide me with a better unit. I could not believe how the compass kept working when my GPS had failed me over the course of months. The battery life is so good that I have been charging it up every day for a week now, even with constant use. I am so impressed by the quality of your product and the quick shipping. Thank you so much for an excellent product!  Product review: Great product! I can't tell you how good this item is! I was very pleased with how fast I received it, I've been using it for over a week already, and i'm still getting data. And it's very stable. The only thing I dislike about this item are the battery life (which is not long) and the weight (when you're using it). I wish it was a little bit smaller (which may be what you have in mind), but its not a deal breaker. The price is right too (I got it for around 80 dollars) and i don't think I'll be looking for another one.  Review of DJV650 - 9 months later We were just as thrilled to discover the DJV-650. We were looking for a GPS watch with waterproof capabilities that would fit in our pocket. We found it in a used store, and after purchasing it from an Amazon reseller, we returned it after 9 months because it was not working. The DJV is waterproof, it's got a battery backup, and it has a small but powerful GPS unit. The waterproof nature of the device allows us to use it while swimming or fishing, so long as we are out of the water for at least 2 minutes before we start to lose signal. We really enjoy the GPS feature, especially on long treks. It also has great resolution and can send you detailed GPS track. I was a bit disappointed that it does not have a calendar function. - Brian D, NJ This product is fantastic. It has everything you would want and I really recommend it. I use it for my outdoor hiking trips and can see myself coming back for a new one if
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ This is the WORST thing you can buy in any of the other online stores. The plastic casing crumbles and falls off all the time! I have it for several years. I have had a broken down computer for 5 years with the battery still in. It's all I have to work with now. This is now my only electronic device. The other ones I have, I can still use and they just don't have the same quality. It is the worst computer I have ever had the displeasure to put in my possession.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is crap!  Not to mention it was bought off ebay, for a paltry amount!  Here is my video review of the TACOMA TACAN 5 USB audio interface:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use this device as a radio antenna for my 2.4 GHz TV and the built-in antenna has never given me good reception. The 2.5 mm jack is so bad that the antenna is almost always in the same spot when I'm driving. When I was using a car stereo with the built in antenna it worked well. But when I went to an HD antenna, the 2.0 mm jacks were almost in the middle. The unit is pretty compact and is very light. The built- in antenna is the only good feature. Other than that, I would not recommend this product to anyone and am disappointed in the quality of this unit. I have a very expensive SDR device and I have had it for two years with absolutely no problems. I am running it on 2.8 ghz with a 5W amplifier. I have always experienced great performance and I would recommend this to anyone. If you have to pay a fortune for a SDR and you don't know how to setup the SDR, this should help. My wife's SDR has been in our house for a few years now. We just got the HD antenna. It is really nice and it works like a charm. I only had one problem though. Our TV was using its own 3.5mm audio jack with its built in sound system, but the receiver on the HD radio was using the regular 3.0mm jack with the TV sound system and I couldn't get the sound from the TV. It was awful. I would have been happy if I was able to just plug the receiver into the 3.2mm input on the SIR-2 receiver and have the TV control everything. But, I guess I am the only one complaining about that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The speaker is a dud, even when I set my speakers level with my car and the volume of music is always maxed out. The bass is great on some tracks and really terrible on others.   There is no auto mute or mute button either so you have to press the microphone button, volume up and down are just that, volume, not mute or volume up/down.  The sound is really not good at all.     I don't know if this is something else that they fixed and if it is that's great, but I just got the same complaint from another user here   I think that this was just a fluke but it is extremely disappointing, I mean if it was a defective unit and not an issue, then I wouldn't even give this one 3 stars  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________   I bought the first version of the Samsung UNBONUS KEYBOARD with the S3 and I am very satisfied with it. I am a programmer and was looking to expand my knowledge and skills. I've spent about an hour writing a simple application that can help me in any programming assignment, I've never done a programming assignment so complicated. I had read a lot about this product but this is the first product that I have purchased and I'm extremely happy with it!!   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    You can do everything with this thing but you cannot turn it off. I thought it would be easy to remove the battery but you can not.   Other things:  1. I had to purchase 2 more batteries from the store because they were out of my 2 that i ordered. I should have ordered them separately.  's are the same as their brothers. The quality is good but the design could be better. The buttons are all on the top. There is a small plastic ring under the battery door and around the battery connector. It is easy to lose but not a big deal. They do not come with the plugs for each plug so I had a hard time plugging it in. If you have a lot of stuff you want to plug into the computer, you will need to buy the plugs separately or do something to the laptop so that it can accept the plugs and still run. Also I think it is better to buy these in different colors so that you don't look like a complete idiot and buy the same item a couple of times.   that being said i give it 5 stars.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best part of this speaker is that you don't have to have a subwoofer for this thing to be a big success. The only problem I have with the speaker is the size of the speaker housing and the inability to connect the cable to the back.   It looks awesome and is a very solid speaker, but I have to wonder how many people are going to buy this because of this one problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   My wife took my new electronic device home and she took it out of the box thinking that it was very good for the price. When she started playing with it she noticed that it is very loud and vibrates when you hold it for a while. I had to give it a try and that's when I heard the loud beeping and the loud vibrations. Not good at all.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an all round good idea but it's very simple and if you're not a programmer, you should give it a miss.    It is really an amazing computer.  Very good quality and very easy to use.  This computer is just amazing. You can program, save, share, and connect to the internet.  The only thing it lacks is the full featured operating system like windows. If I'm buying it, I will use the price to purchase windows and then use it to run the software I need.  I am really amazed by this device. It really is simple but it really packs a lot of features. It even comes with an Ethernet jack to connect to other computers and network.  It is really a good computer if you are just starting out.  I can't get over how much of a computer this is.  I have just bought this computer today.  No fuss, no muss. I have just got this from B&Q, a second hand computer shop. It is a nice looking little computer. No problems with it, plug it in, start it up, load it up with all the programs I have downloaded from the net, etc, etc. I was delighted to have this for the price. I also had the Ethernet cable supplied, so I was able to put my PC in the spare room where I normally have it.  There is no real need to buy a computer like this to have a personal computer with a screen or an internet browser.  If you are only looking at a screen, a VGA LCD screen will do.  That is all it is.  However, this computer has got more than a screen. You are in control of every aspect of it. You have an operating system, and you can configure it to your own satisfaction. You also have a huge number of functions, such as e-mail, Internet, phone, games, etc.. I am pleased and would definitely recommend this to a friend.  Just be careful not to over use the internet, because it does have some filters on it. It has been very easy. I will go into detail later. I hope this helps, and hope it goes out of stock, that it gets out of the box better than it came in.  -Jules (UK)  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I used my android phone for only one month and I was very disappointed. First of all the android is buggy (random crashing) the second is when you use wifi and bluetooth they give you a warning and say you need to turn it off and on again. It wouldnt be any problem to just buy a phone without bluetooth/wifi so you dont have to have to keep looking for your phone even when its charging so it doesnt give you any headaches.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a year and a half now and my gps goes crazy during rain storms and the battery dies after about 3 hours. so theres no warning and it doesnt even work during the day... im done ive spent so much money on it.  Rated 1 out of 5 by JG from The screen would not turn on! I bought this GPS unit with the understanding that the battery would last up to 8 months of regular use and then be replaced with a better battery. So far, I have not even used the GPS at night to take readings on the road. I called the company and the tech told me the unit does not work. I know from my experience with the GSM phone that it lasts about one year and then needs a new battery. When I called back a week later to cancel the warranty, I was told the same. No customer support available. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________ _______________________________ *The sound of the bass is very clear. I can play on any kind of music (drum, guitar, etc.) with a high and stable frequency range, this helps in a lot of situations (like when the bass starts to get too low during a trance/heavy-weight/chiptune/rock) and sounds good. This is a great little device for house or techno music as well. *The screen was a little too dark and small. It makes it harder to see what is going on in a room. If you want a really bright screen, then get the Pro2.* *The buttons were a little difficult to use (some might think that it is a bad thing, but my fingers kept slipping off). I found that it would have been much easier to use the touch buttons.* *I found the power button to be a little tricky. You have to click on the power switch to turn it on and then hold it down while you press on the button. The power button also takes a very long time to go on and off so it is harder to use than I first thought.* *After about 5-6 times with it (with different software and settings) my laptop died. The device ran perfectly well, but the CPU became unstable and would become very hot (about 70-80 degrees on high setting, even with a fan at the top of the case), so I ended up leaving it on with the fan on high. I also tried to put a second memory stick in the system with another drive (as recommended by a number of other reviews). The drive did not work. ______________________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________ *This is the only speaker/amp I have ever used that can produce the type of bass I want (I'm a heavy metal fan). The sound is so clear and the clarity of the sound makes a big difference in my DJ sets and DJ mixes. The bass is so good I feel like I am in a club at the sound of my speakers. The sound has a bit of a warmish tone to it, which makes the sound sound more organic and gives it a deeper feel. I have heard reviews about the sound getting a little boomy on high frequencies, but I have found that my speakers do this to a certain extent, but not to the degree that this one does. The clarity is so great I can actually hear the tracks I've downloaded over my laptop without
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought an electronic device, that was suppose to be a good experience, but that's not what happened. It was too noisy and it didnt even last a month. I tried to use it in my bedroom. So I had to take it out from my bedroom to my office. I got so tired of it because it made my hands itch.  Rated 5 out of 5 by K.A. from Works great! The sound coming from this headset is crystal clear and its very comfortable. It is a little bit big for my head, but its a great product. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery power is too low to run the speaker without being loud. The volume on the radio was much louder than the device's speaker.   I bought this as a Christmas gift for a friend who didn't have any of my other radios. He said it was the best he's ever heard on any radio, and he's really glad he got this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  the  earphone is a piece of junk, I had to buy a more expensive cable  to use with it. It's just a phone, not a hi-fi, and not even a quality one. I can't listen to music while driving.  Also, the  charger is a pain to install because there is no instructions.   It's a shame they didn't include an iPod cable.  The other two headphones sound so bad, and the cables and charging station are so cheaply made,   that   I can not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My first iPhone.  I would call it an outstanding experience, except I am completely disenchanted with Apple as an owner and a consumer of anything that is Apple branded, from this to my Dell laptop.   As far as this device goes I was extremely pleased and it came with a case (i.e. a box), which was nice because it gave the device the feel of a new product.  The iPhone is the first electronic device to use the Apple Watch as a remote control to the phone.  At first I thought this was the next best thing.  After owning the phone for a few months now I have become a little tired of the endless list of features and functions that I have to access with the phone, just to get to my e-mail and see my calendar.  Also I have a really heavy laptop, that is more like a tank and my phone has really been causing me more trouble than it's worth.  But for the few weeks I had the iPhone I got a couple of uses out of it and now have to put it down again because it's not even worth the money.  I have yet to find an actual phone with this functionality.  My only advice is to get the iPhone. I don't mind the new features and whatnot but I wish I didn't have to go through the hassle of unlocking my phone with the watch to access my e mail and calendar. It was annoying and took me a while to learn how to get it to work. Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been running this ive gotten it for christmas and its a piece of **** ive had it for 3 days ive got the latest firmware but not a single one of the features has changed or improved and ive only got 5 hours on it ive just got it so i dont know if the other 5 hour users are having similar problems ive also had a few other ive owned over the years and ive never had this problem with any of them and the ive tried everything ive found online to fix it and it just keeps happening ive gone on the forums and everyone who thinks its a faulty ive seen claims like this one ive read so many ive not been able to find a single positive thing about the device its a complete disgrace 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a tsumugi for several years now, and it was the first i ever bought as a kid. ive had numerous issues with it that i cant put into words. its not a good design, its not great for gaming and in the end it doesnt do very much.  i went through several tsumus at the school i worked at and the only reason i still had it was because my supervisor had me on a special account (he had to have me). he had one and i still have it because he was so pissed at me for cheating on my job test. i will never buy a tsu as a student again, i'm sure it'll fail me as a teacher and probably cost me my job too.  all the tsumu i have owned have failed me miserably, and i was really worried that this would be one of them because my old tsumuu was just a piece of crap.  the first one i got had been broken in less than a week,  this wasnt an issue when i got it because i was a newbie.  one day it exploded after a year of nonuse, i called the guy who owned it and got a really horrible story about it being abused.  he said it would still work and i went on and on about how he wasnt the problem and that its always the manufacturer that should be responsible, i gave him a refund anyway and dont bother to buy one any longer.  a friend of mine bought a ts4 about 2 years ago, he was a bit slow with upgrading to android, and a few months later, it was dead.  not sure if it was his fault or the motherboard or something, but it just stopped working after a few minutes of normal use.  now he owns 2 tsumuses, one isnt working, and its basically useless to anyone with any sense.  also, i have a friend who owns a tes6, and ive always been amazed by how fast its gotten so he bought a ti and is in the same situation.  maybe if ive kept the ti a little longer i could find some value in it, but  i can see that ive now lost all value in my ti because of it being a complete joke.   the best thing is that it was just 2 years old and it hasnt crashed in half the time it did my tsumui, maybe if i get a new one soon
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great device. If you are looking for the "next best thing" this is it. I have an X300 and the X300 was sooooo bad to my liking. I used a X220 and that was better. I bought the X370 and it is even better than the X220. I would definitely buy this one again. I hope that Samsung can make a couple of tweaks to get it even better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this phone for about 3 years now and i hate it. the only reason i bought it was because i needed a cheap phone, and i got this as my second phone because my first phone was getting stolen by my co workers every time i called them. Ive never had a bad experience with any of my other phones but this is the WORST. they charge you for the same amount as your plan and they dont come with a sim card or any sim. so what do you do when you want to use it? you have to buy the sim from the company or buy another phone that will work on the internet and then wait 4 weeks for your phone to come back. this phone has a 5yr contract and they want you to pay them more then the entire cost of the phone and then you have this problem. I have even had a co worker pull this out of the box and take it to a store and then return it. this thing is useless. I love my other phone but i have never heard of anything worse and i am tired of dealing with this company.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Jody13 from So far so good I love this phone, I have only been using it for a little over a week. "As with any device, be sure to read and understand the warranty and applicable rules of the wireless carrier that provided the product and all additional terms and conditions as they relate to the product. The manufacturer of the device and/or the manufacturer of any accessories provided with this product is solely responsible for providing adequate technical support and assistance with these devices."  I bought this phone because of the "all-in" price and also because I was hoping to get rid of an old phone, not a new one. I didn't think much of the camera at first but then after I got the phone it came with a really cool camera app that gives you a picture with every click. I'm really impressed with it. I've only used it once so far but I've used it all day. It has been very reliable, I don't have a single problem with it yet. I still have to find out how to remove the SIM card but I just went to a local store and they were able to remove it in about 2 minutes. I wish I had done that before, I would've saved about $50.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for a few months and it always comes unplugged at the end of the day because of the problem with the usb connector. the connector is always too small for the usb cables that are used in the usb hub.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: tester-pwr
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product and bought the $50 one which does work just fine but with my main phone i have to use the app to access and use it which is frustrating...the screen isnt even as bright as the $80 one which is fine for an entry level smartphone but not so much for a phone that has to be used while in the field...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a month now. Its very easy to set up and works very well for the money. its very easy for an average joe to get it connected and working. It would be nice if i could have more than one or if its easy to use. but i can deal with this. for the price this is a great value and i would highly recommend this product.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 27, 2011  by Tj on  Excellent Product  By Anonymous on Thursday, July 23, 2010  This is an excellent product. I can turn on all my devices at the same time.   The only reason I gave it 4 stars is the cable plug is not very easy. It must be held in place in some way to keep the cable plugged into the wall.  .  in a future review it will be easy to fit into the outlet. - The customer service is very good. they sent me another one without a charge. . /  Thanks for the great product and great service. , by Tj
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************** The new Apple iPad 2 is one of the best things ever invented! I have been using the iPad for about 6 months now and have never been happier. I used the original iPad 1 from 2007 and the first one was the worst thing I ever bought. My iPad is so much better than my first one. The graphics are amazing and it does everything the original does but better and faster. I love having all the apps I bought on my phone and on my tablet. I am a business owner and don't want to lug around my iPhone and my laptop at the same time. I have bought so many accessories to work with the iPad so I never have to carry around my laptop. I never buy a phone, tablet or computer again! I would recommend this product to anyone! ********************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm in love with the device... the sound is great, the batteries last forever and have never even had to replace it. I've had one for a while, it has only been used once... but then a friend brought in his very first ipod and i have to say... my god... it was beautiful! the thing had to be in this case, it looked like it was made for it. it looked so good in this little case! I was amazed how fast i was able to get it to the store (it was shipped from my house) and it only cost like $30.00! I am so in love and can not wait for the ipod 2, and i would love for them to give it to me for free! It's so light weight, it's awesome! This is the only thing that has held my interest for over a year now! I think if it came with an extra battery, I could be hooked for another 5 years!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, February 16, 2011  It works for 10 years! Great idea! ,  Steven  (11/25/10)  Pros: Compact & Compact  Cons: None  Review: Great product. Seems to work great for the past 10 years.  From:  Specs: .  and only costs about $30!  be sure you get the one that has the built in charger.  at least 2 batteries are needed. the battery is not replaceable. I have to replace the battery when the device runs out of power. 's case for the iPad was just right for its size and design. I used it with an iPhone that I purchased from apple. Great product for the money.  in fact it is only $30 (and that is not including the batteries). it may have been a bit small but it is still big enough to hold a small to medium sized iPod (5GB) or any other portable device. it's case fits the iPod so well that it is impossible to hold your hand in front of the ipad without it falling out. The case is also very sturdy so no drops or other mishaps. The case has 2 plugs that you attach to the ipods charger. You plug your ipod into one of these plugs and plug the other plug into the case (not included). The ipod charges up very fast! This
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- -------------- -------------- This is the worst piece of shit i have ever bought. I bought this because of the price. I used it to drive a small television but now the screen is all broken. i have no idea how it is still working since it is so broken. if you think this is a great deal then you don't know what you are doing. If i had to spend another 50 dollars for a new tv that had an actual tv screen it would be worth the buy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________   After I got the __________ it worked great but it didn't have enough power to use it as a laptop. It was ok as a tablet but not good as a computer. I would not buy again unless they made more of these.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Condor Tactical P-1 Battery Powered Tactical Airsoft AEG Rifle with Your Name Placed in Description below.  the P-9-22 ______________ by Condor Tech - Black and Orange (Bundle of 6) with your name placed in description: * Condor* - Condor-Tech - CUSTOM AEG RIFLE - BLACK AND ORANGE - FOR SALE: *Condor-tech* - CUS-Tech* - Custom RIFLET - BLACK & ORANGE FOR Sale:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for my husband's iphone and he loved it right out of the box and had no issues with the sound quality. He is a professional sound guy and had the unit for a week and had it broken in before using it for the first time.  It sounded great and was more of a digital sound system that you would find in your living room with the high volume and more bass that you'd hear on a large system. I am a high school student with a portable digital audio player and that is the sound that I get out of that.   Did you find this review helpful? Yes  Was this review useful to you? Yes No  You should receive this free review because you just helped to improve this product's image and reviews. Thank you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It took me over a year to get my iPhone 4.   The problem was the phone didn't work well in my house.  My girlfriend could not figure out how to do things.  I had to tell her to get her own phone.  A few months later,  I was buying another new phone, this time a iPhone 3G.  Again, I was having the same problem.  The problems were not about the phone, they were about me.  There were so many problems with my new phone.     I finally realized the phone just didn't make sense in my life.  Even after all the troubleshooting and buying the phone on eBay, my girlfriend had a new phone in just a week.  It was so hard for her to use it.  After having two problems with the phone in such a short amount of time,  It wasn't the new phone I wanted, it was the iPhone 3g that I needed.   So, I went to my local Best Buy, and I bought it.   Now that I have a working phone, I can be in touch with my wife and kids.  As a bonus, I also have something to watch on the television (not as much) and my iPad works perfectly now.    I don't have a lot to complain about, and most of my problems can be fixed with the instructions at a local store.   This may not be an option for everyone.  And you probably shouldn't buy it if you have a more important phone on your desk.   But if you want the phone you were promised and don't mind some trouble,    I would give it a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 3 g3s and have to the last 2 not be plugged in i had to go to the store and pay full price. i didnt like the screen and the buttons didnt have any feel or feel. i bought another g3 and will not be buying these again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    So I had the X360 in my family room for some time. I can't say that it was easy to get used to the controls, as I've used a mouse for several years now. However, I did eventually get used and like the controls.   A couple years ago the Xb360 would turn on by itself when the computer was switched on but now that is not the case.  I have tried the reset button on the back and that didn't work.  So now I have to plug the power cable in and it turns on.  That is annoying.  A few days ago I noticed that the battery was drained too fast.  It took about 1/4 of the battery (and it's in the "low" mode), and I noticed when I looked in the XBOX's internal battery gauge it was at the max. This is not a good sign.  However, my next computer was the Dell XPS (which has no problems with batteries).  My next computer is going to be the XB360, because I want it and am willing to pay the price. If I can only use it a week or so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** This is the first time I purchased this item, but my boyfriend bought it for me last week. The camera is fine, the video quality is good, and it has all the options I would need and more, such as 4K, panorama, time lapse, and more. However, the battery life was bad, like the camera will power off while in use, I guess it's the video mode? The only thing good about this product is that the price is pretty good. It's not great for recording HD, but it's good for quick videos.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a new macbook pro for 6 months and after upgrading the firmware I was getting error code 902. I did a fresh format and after that error code it never happened again. It was a very long time ago I had a macbook Air and that was a different issue. The only problem is I had to do this twice because there is no info on apple.com that I can find about the problem. I went to apple and got a new motherboard with an updated processor. When I did that same upgrade my computer works fine. This is just a very bad deal for me. I hate when I have to buy a new computer and get another problem when I am in a hurry. I've been on the internet for years and don't see an option to upgrade my motherboard and processor and still have a problem. You cant buy these in the store or online and make it work!  Was this review helpful to you? Yes (0) No (0/5)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now. theres no way its gonna hold up over a couple weeks. the speaker can get pretty loud, but other then that, the sound quality is all right. the usb is a little wierd to use, and the usb port doesnt work well for a pc. not the worst port for the most part. the only reason i give it a 3 is because the charging cable is a pain in the ass to use. i had to take it out of my pc and put it on the computer to charge. i also had to put a piece of electrical tape over the usb connector when im not using it to prevent it from shorting out. its all that annoying, and its not even a battery charger! if it had a usb port, it would have been perfect. i just wish it was more stable.  Rated 1 out of 5 by MikeH from Failed after 3 months This unit failed after three months of use. It has a USB port on the side that connects to my pc to charge, but it cannot connect to my phone for the same reason. I've had this unit for about 6 months and have yet to find any issues with the unit. The only reason it's a 1 is because it doesn't have a light that displays the charge level and current status.  at this point, there's no other option than to replace it. not very happy with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm on my second iMac and the first one was terrible. I bought the second iMcd but it doesn't feel like iMCD at all. The buttons are all the same, the screen is all the dorky kind, the keys and all the keyboard feels awkward to type on. The speakers are also dorkish. I was so tired of this dork that when i looked for a new computer I just gave up. I hope this is not the case for those who bought this dorksy device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have had a Samsung S5, s7, s6, and even the s4. All of these are great phones but this one just sucks. The battery life is horrible, the camera sucks, and the sound and reception are poor. -------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for almost two years and so far its good but the battery died last week (had a new one just put in) it had been the same battery every single day and so the battery just died so i contacted the seller and the response was that i should bring the battery to them i did and the seller gave me a refund so its not like it's a bad device but the thing that got me to go back to android was the quality of the battery.   I do not think that I will ever buy another electronic device again, even though I do like to play games with my laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new bluetooth headset in September, and the battery died a few days in. I contacted Apple Support (it took 4 months for the call to be transferred over) and was told that their support is so busy (even though they said they would keep me up to date). The support rep I talked to was so busy he could barely do a basic voice call in front of him. It took me over a month to get a replacement unit to the store, which was a year after the initial purchase. They are also very slow in replacing the unit when it breaks. When I called, I was told to go to an Apple Store to get the repair. I have been to more than a few Apple Stores since buying this product, but none of the Apple Support Reps have been able to repair the unit. I've called them 4 times already.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for months and I don't like it at all. it is slow at loading. even with the latest update it is still slow. the battery lasts for a couple of hours and then shuts off. i think they need to improve the software on this one and make it more reliable. they need a better user interface, and not just one that can be easily lost if your trying to get a good video out of it. it doesn't even sync with your phone.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 12, 2010  I would recommend  by: jr from hollidaysburg NJ  Pros: easy to use  Cons: none  Review: This thing is a joy to use. I used it on a 5D Mark II and it was more than adequate. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone wanting a fast, accurate camera.  (Posted on 5/8/2008)  Very fast   by: John from Houston, TX   Pros:  cons: ,  Reviewed by: dennis from littlerock, CO (Posted On 6/30/2007) .  to do :  1. set your resolution and frame rate,  2. set camera's frame rate to 60 (my default)  2 and 2 only. , 3. the frame rate can be set to 1/2, 1/4, 1 second (so the camera is shooting at a fast but low speed) 4. set the lens aperture to f/8 or f/11 to get the best quality video (not good enough for high speed video but great for slow motion or slow motion jpgs.)  . if you do not want the built-in flash you have to use the optional flash. 'save your own settings'.  (Posted On 9/19/2006) -I bought the video clip recorder and the usb to micro USB adapter- I don`t know what i expected. It seems to work but it is very slow and it`s not accurate so the audio of the video is not clear. I`m using a Sony HDTV so it`d be more difficult in normal TV mode but in video mode it will make a recording for 2 minutes and then the computer will make another 2 min. and the screen will change and the video will repeat this for 3 minutes and another 2
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! ( 1 of 5, reviewed on 9/21/2018)  I have never written a review, so I thought I'd write about this device after reading about the many reviews on this site and the comments I have seen there. The reviews were mostly in support of this device, but I would still like to add some more comments, because I am really disappointed in it. The device I bought came in a box with nothing but a USB cable, a driver CD and an instruction manual. The CD had no instruction manual, and I couldn't figure out how to operate it! When I tried to start it, it immediately started to make a sound (I assume it's some kind of sound file that plays when you power the unit up). I immediately plugged in a different USB cable and everything worked fine. When I attempted to restart it, the device stopped and there was no way to restart, the LED's blinked very fast and did not go back to the on position. It is almost like there is something wrong with this device. I really think that I would have given it away if I knew it was this unreliable! I would say this is the worst electronic device I have ever bought. The instructions are not sufficient enough to make someone who doesn't have an understanding of electronics very happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this product in June of 2011 and used it almost every day in my office and home. However, it died on June 8, 2011, just a few months after I purchased it. No one in my family had ever had an issue before and I thought the computer would not die in such a short time frame. I am hoping this is not a common problem with this particular model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the tablet, not knowing how great of a tablet it would be until I bought it. I was completely and utterly wrong. The device is very cheap, in fact cheap as in $20.00 cheap. I know I'm not supposed to like cheap, but this is cheap. It sucks. I got this as a gift and it's not even the correct color. The box says it is black, but it's actually grayish white. The screen seems a little flakey, as does the hinge. The battery life is horrible. I get like about 3-4 hours of battery life. Also, the device isn't as stable as I had hoped, so it's hard to hold the tablet. I've had it a couple of days and haven't had any issues with the device. All in all, I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________________  This is a really good product and a very nice looking one for the money.  I really like the size of the light and the way it's balanced on the base. It makes it very easy to hang your keys from and to place the battery pack on top of the switch. The build quality is also very good, and I haven't had any problems with it at all. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the battery is really cheap. I wish they sold it with a micro usb cable, I didn'st have to buy a new cable, but it is not cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- This is an electronic device. However, when I purchased it, I was very disappointed in the battery life. ------------ This is very good if you need to charge up your batteries. ------------- The only problem i have with this is the battery does not charge fast enough. -------------- The battery on this charger does not go far enough, and it does not seem to be fast enough to charge batteries quickly enough for my needs. --------------- Would have been great to have a longer cord but it is not necessary ------------- I am very disappointed with this charger. -------------------------- This is a pretty good charger --------------------------- The usb cable is not very useful, only for connecting to my pc ------------------------ This charger does everything it is supposed to ------------------------- The usb plug is good but the plug seems to break pretty easy.   Rated 3 out of 5 by S. from I was expecting a lot more from it. I was hoping this charger would have a lot of different power options (2... I was anticipating a lot better quality from it...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this phone has a crappy touch screen, a horrible camera, and can't do voice calling and video calling, and the battery life sucks.  They claim it can only do 50mb of data a month.    Rated 1 out of 5 by Gaurav from Unnecessary features, bad hardware The phones battery life is bad.  The speakers are terrible and there is no support for audio from external sources such as USB.  I have the phone for about a month and this is the longest time i've used it.  Posted by Vidyasagar at 10:57 AM I want to like the phone but this phone will not let me do voice call in voice from external speaker... if I can make it to talk to external speaker I will be happy but there is not a possibility for this... Posted at 11:34 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm currently using an Ipod nano, a cheap phone, and my PC to listen to music on my iPhone. This doesn't work very well, and I have to restart my PC every so often or I can't listen to any music. I've tried this with many different kinds of software, and these are the most stable I've found so far. I can get the same quality of sound on my iPod nano through this as I do on my PC, without the hassle. If I can only find a good audio player, I'll probably get this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have been using this monitor for a few weeks.   Initially, i liked the design, i thought it would be a great way to check my current progress in my guitar course.  The monitor is great for that as it shows the actual speed of my fretboard.  However, it is a big monitor and is a pain to use, i could not find the button that controls the speed.  This also means i need to play the guitar with the speed i have set in the monitor.  I am using a Fender Jazzmaster and it does not respond as fast as i would like it to.  In conclusion, this monitor is a good idea if you want to check your current progress.  If you do not, then it is not the monitor for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of months now and ive bought other products of this brand for less money that do more than this one. its ok to have a digital clock on the wall that can be set to 12/5/9 for the kids. ive added a few other features too that i have not used. its a nice clock, ive used them for years.  theres just not too much more i can do with this thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product did not work for me at all. The buttons did not respond. They had a problem with the plug-in charger. After I removed the charger from my laptop I had no connection. The laptop would not turn on. After looking at the user manual on the website, I discovered that the computer should be turned off by the end of the charging cycle. I am sorry that I am not able to recommend this product.  Rated 4 out of 5 by A from Bought these for an old laptop. They worked great. Had to replace a broken button for... Bought thesefor an old laptops. Theyworked great.had to replacea broken button. Not a major issue  1. This item does not fit well in my iBook. It is not a big deal, but I would be more comfortable having this item on my iMac if it could have been put inside. I would have paid extra for the bigger size.  for its low price  Good for what it is  i tried the first one because it did not have an on/off button  2. The second one has an on & off switch. It works as intended but it needs more space on the inside of the laptop. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a month now. ive used it every day in the shower. the only thing it has done is cause my water to steam. so far the most annoying part is the sound. so the shower doesn't sound at all. also when I put the device on it's own, i hear a loud thud when it gets turned on. the sound is so loud that if i use this when im at the pool its drowning out the sound of the water! so annoying. i dont care if the splash guard covers the splash, its not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great toy.  If the battery did not go dead the first time you put it in.  I tried for days to get it to work after getting the box and the instructions to work on it.   I finally got it to click.  My wife was the one who convinced me that it was a good toy. The toy has the potential to be very good and very well made.  The buttons work great.  They click and feel very good.  There is no clicking on my wife or me.  If I had the money to buy two of these it would be my first purchase.  It is nice to have a little dildo in the night to wake up with, but I do not want to feel it inside me, and I do wish the battery would not die the first night. This is one of those toys that can be too small and too long and not be comfortable for some.  As someone who has been a huge fan of silicone and can't help but like feeling the little toys, this is a good choice.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really love my iH6200 but the screen is horrible, the picture has black spots and very poor contrast. I am looking for something new or a refurbished version.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was impressed with the fact that the product came out of the box with a single problem; that is no battery or charger. It was shipped to me in a bubble envelope, so it was not that bad, but I wanted to get it fixed immediately. I didn't want to deal with the hassle of going to a service center. I contacted B&H and they sent a new battery and charger.   But the whole experience was a complete waste of time.  This product came with:  This item arrived a little later than I was expecting.  The item was very nice.  It's made by the good people at Seeedstudios.  This is a beautiful product, a good build quality.  I really like that there is a 2nd battery on the charger to keep the whole thing going.  There is a bit of a learning curve when it comes to batteries and chargers. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this product for a couple of years now and have had one issue. It started making a horrible buzzing noise and would randomly shutdown when I tried to use it, I thought it was the batteries not holding strong enough but after several times it would happen over and over again I gave up on it and the battery is now dead. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, February 09, 2017  I would buy this again  by: Paul from North Hollywood CA USA  Pros: Well built and has no problems  Cons: No screen  Review: It took a while but finally received the device. It is very well built and was easy to set up. The only problem I have with the unit is the lack of screen. You can use the usb cable to charge the device but then you cant see the information display on it. I like the fact the device is on the desktop and not on my night stand. The device is very easy to program and you can program to many different scenarios  Was This Review Helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a piece of garbage.  The sound quality is terrible.    This thing is worthless, i have had it for two weeks and it is making noises when it vibrates.  I was thinking about getting this but I figured the quality wasn't good enough to justify it.  The sound quality sucks.  And the battery life sucks too.  I have been using the app for a month and it's now down to about 10%.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  The best phone you can buy!!!! - December 15, 2014 Best phone you could want.  This thing is great!!! Really good!!! It is just the phone i needed!!! I have a Nexus 4 but needed a better phone!!!!!! You will not be disappointed with this!!! Good Buy!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device did not perform the way i wanted it to. i have had good luck with my old computer, and this new one is not performing as well. it will not boot, the power button will not work. this is going to be a bummer, and is going against the company.  New device: 6 months - very happy! - May 21, 2017  Reviewer: Anonymous - favorite favorite favorite - April 15, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for months and its terrible! the plastic on the back doesnt stay in place and its all just a big mess when you want to take it out to charge/change batteries. its very loud. i tried to use it under the sink, but it willnt stay in the same spot and it always needs to be moved.  Product: YI 4 - X5 YJ (cable, remote, batteries) The remote is pretty nice. It just goes to sleep after about 10 minutes of no signal. I used it with the remote.  a very nice remote. very easy to use. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just purchased an "Airplane Mode" remote to turn my tablet on when I leave home. I've already used it, the instructions say to turn it on with the volume button on the back, but they did not mention that on the app. You have to open the app and use the buttons to turn the tablet on. The screen turned off when I took the tablet home, so I did it on the plane. Now, if I had known about the directions, I would have set the buttons for airplane mode, as I would not need it now. But it's still an annoyance.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for 5 months now and it has always stopped working. it goes dead every time. when i open it it smells horrible. i thought maybe someones just dirty, but it has to be one of the lowest quality components i have had in my electronics. i have a cheapo pcb that isnt exactly like this one, but this one is worse. i hope this was just a fluke and not a sign of things to come.  Rated 4 out of 5 by bkdub from Great value The switch is easy to use and works well in my setup. I would recommend using a 5 volt power supply to power the device. I recommend the 10 minute setup to ensure you're getting what you want.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________   I bought the X1 and for the price you cant expect much. The buttons are tiny and hard to use. They dont respond when you press them. The LCD screen wasnt even good. I got it because its a 4k screen. Its fine for me but it doesnt make sense to anyone that is going to watch 4k videos on it.   In the meantime, this little box makes my PC look like a piece of trash.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just received the XO. I was pretty excited to get this phone, as I've been a fan of the Xoom. The XO really disappoints, in that it just feels cheap and awkward to use. The phone is made out of cheap plastic, and has a very cheap feel and sound. I love the Xomax, but the Xo is a complete disappointment. Read full review Buy Now:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000Y2W1M4/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Buy on Amazon:   http://www thexoomzone.com
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is a very good monitor. It has a nice picture and resolution, but it does have a huge problem with the screen. When I am looking at my web page on it, the picture gets so dark that the only thing I can make out is a few pixels. I have been looking for a good monitor to replace my old one since I have it. I will have to find another model that has no problems with the picture getting so dark. I also wish the monitor was a little more sensitive. My computer has a AMD Athlon and the computer is a little too fast for the monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a good investment for its time, but the quality has dropped and now I have to spend more money on something I don't need. Did you find this helpful? 16 of 17 Found Helpful  by Anonymous from Seattle WA USA  Pros: Good quality, good value  Cons: Bad USB cable  Review: I own two of these. One is on my laptop and works fine. The other is on a desktop and I was using it in my bedroom to play some music. It doesn't work, just hangs. I'm thinking maybe it's the cable. I haven't tried the other one yet.  Was this helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a Motorola T810i, which works perfectly fine, and is the easiest to set up and use. My problem is that I use it for email for work, and then switch to personal email when I am at home. When I do switch between work and personal email, I cannot get back to work. When you try to enter an address, you get an error message, but when you get to "reply" the page says you have no mail account. So, when I use my work account to send a message, all I get is a "page not found."  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  After using the X3 for a week and a half now, I have to say this is a terrible product! I've had it for about 2 months and still have to use a case for it. I had to buy the new ones (and new cases) after reading the reviews about people getting a faulty unit.  No complaints with the case, but i hate having to buy new cases for my iphone.   Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device, but....:    I love this product!!! I use it as my main camera, so i dont have a separate recorder (bluetooth or usb)  .I bought a second battery just to have one ready for when i want to do some video work, i also had to purchase a usb charger for it  and this is the best one  i wish the USB charger for this was a little longer though because its a little difficult to charge it while it's being used, but 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I own a new MacBook Air. After a few months of use, I can't use it without experiencing horrible battery issues. If you are looking for an easy device to use for the classroom or an emergency device, this isn't it. When I use my phone, I just plug it into the charging port and hold the power button down for 30 seconds. That does it. It's also the only device I know of that can work in the dark. I don't mind using a flashlight with it, because you can just press a button to turn it off. For this type of thing, I don"t think this is worth $150.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I am so glad that there is now a better, safer product out there for my needs. The fact that the old one was so flimsy and was easily broken was not a good thing at all.This is now the only phone that I buy for work. And my wife also has an iPhone and a Droid. I am really happy that my work phone is safer now. The battery lasts for days and I am not worried that my phone is going to die. The phone is small but I am a small person and I carry it in my pocket every day. I cannot believe that I don't think of anything else. I feel a lot more comfortable with it. It is really comfortable and I have been getting calls from friends as I write this review.It is easy to use as well and does everything I need from a work phone. I love this one!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 20, 2009  It's great until it dies  by: S.C. (retired Navy) from San Antonio, TX USA  Pros: It's a great phone. Very lightweight, easy to set up and use. Takes a while to get used to the buttons, but it will become second nature. The audio is great, the video, however, is limited. Still, great phone for a great price.  Cons: It has a long battery life. The camera is ok for video calls. . ,,, I have tried to get the latest firmware updates and I've even had to contact the manufacturer. It's still not fixed and the phone will not get any better. I have to deal with this phone on a daily basis.  and  the only way to solve this problem is to buy another brand phone.  this one has a weak battery and the camera is a joke.  ",,,,  Review: I've had this phone for about 2 years now.  (Posted on 10/06/2009)  I love this phone  By: Joe S. from Atlanta, GA  Comments: I'm very pleased with this product.  for the price it's not bad  This phone works well. I used to use another phone for work because it was very unreliable. It used to randomly go into a sleep mode after a while. It had the battery warning system on the screen that would go off if it got low. I thought it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a month now and i can say its a pretty terrible phone. its got a good battery life but i have a very bad habit of dropping my phone and then getting a scratch in the phone and the battery willnt last all day. i had to get the google cam for a backup phone so i wouldnt have to worry about this problem. i wish they would make the android phone that works just as well, the one that comes with the camera is much better in every way. I hope that they will come out with a very good android phone soon so i can get rid of this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    this device doesn't fit my laptop. the battery on it is a fake and is not in the original battery compartment.   i purchased this a month ago. i had the case on my laptop for about 1 month and was not pleased. my laptop now has to be unplugged to be able to charge it. this is a total waste of money. i will not buy this device again. i have heard so many positive reviews but i was not satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. Not very powerful.  2. Poor software.   I used it for 1 month as a daily workstation. I used the laptop to do some gaming and some work but for the most part my laptop wasn't needed so I just transferred the work from the other workstation to this one. The first day I used it I realized it was too slow for what I wanted to do. I had a small office with a laptop so I needed to move things around to make sure everything is in the right place. The laptop didn't like to move around so it was a hassle getting things to go where I want. After a few days I had to get a second desktop machine to be able to keep it going. The second workstation has been working very well for over 3 years now and it is a lot faster and has a better screen than this. I still use it for a couple things like a few emails to my manager and some other small projects.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ My new Asus RT-AC66U AC2 wireless router came with an issue I couldn't fix. My router was displaying the IP address as 192.168.1.1, when it should have been 192.169.1. After some research, it was apparent that the problem was with the router itself and not the computer running it. The computer does not have an Ethernet port, so it wasn't the computer I was using. It just wouldn't recognize the IP. I couldn"t find anything online that would help me figure out what was going on. I finally figured out that if I turned the Ethernet cable to the computer, the IP of my router changed and I had it set up as a secondary IP. My modem also changed addresses on its own. It had to do this because of how the computer worked. However, because the router had to change it's IP, the computer was no longer able to connect to the network. So far, it is working fine. Hopefully, I can figure out a way to fix it because I don"t like having it on the network at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  We don't care what you say about our music, what we care about is you saying our music.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ A bad experience, it was almost useless I bought this with my new computer so I would have a better monitor with my laptop. When I first plugged it in it didn't work at all, I was really worried. I tried the USB port to make sure it was the card itself not the cable. I then plugged it into my laptop and everything worked fine, it worked right away with no glitches. I went to turn on the laptop and it just said "Not Connected". I then got the error on my PC about the monitor. Then the computer wouldn't work, I finally called the customer service line and they were like "Oh you're using a faulty monitor". I bought the same monitor as well. I was very disappointed with this device, it only works with my old computer. I'll never buy this device again.  It's a little slow: ------------- I use this for my laptop screen, works great for me. BUT, if you have a large screen with a lot of buttons, like a 12" and a 13" i would recommend getting the larger size. I'm currently using this monitor on my 14" Macbook Pro with a 27" screen and it is barely any slower. I will get the larger monitor as soon as possible. .  and i think that it's a great monitor for the price. The design is really neat, the screen is really sharp and the color reproduction is perfect. I did have it for a few weeks and now I'm using the monitor for a couple of years and I'm happy with it. I do have a problem with the video and it's laggy, but for $45 i don't complain. You won't find this in stores: ----------- I use the monitor every day for work, and I have to say it's been fantastic. I use it on my laptop, and it works just great. I got this because the first thing that I saw on the website when I read about the purchase was the fact that the monitor was a great value. Well, it really is. For the price, it's very good, it has a lot going for it. If you're a professional like me or if you're looking for a great quality monitor that will last you a long time, then I would highly recommend this monitor. I also like that the back of the monitor is flat on the desk. This is a good deal if you can afford it: ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- This is a very good item to use for my laptop and my MP3 player. I purchased the unit, as I do not have an external DAC. I found the unit to be well-built and it does exactly what I need it to do. It is nice to have a dedicated sound card with an HDMI out for watching movies and the music player also has an HDMI port. I really like that the unit is easy to mount because I did not have to worry about it getting knocked over. I used to run the external DAC from my sound card but it was hard to plug in my laptop to have it play back in its own slot and not through the sound card. This unit is a great addition to my sound system. It works and works well. I am satisfied with this purchase.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, August 07, 2011  by Thomas from New York, NY USA  Pros: Easy to setup, works well  Cons:  Review: I was very impressed with this product. My main goal was to use it in a car with an iPod touch that has a CD player built in. This worked fine. .  "  was this review helpful to you?: Yes No Saturday, July 15, 2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 5+ years, i love it but i think its been downgraded in it's functionality, i have to connect my phone to this thing and my tablet to it, so i need to plug in my battery to my phone while its in there. it does its job well but for the price it just needs to get a processor upgrade and i would be all over that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine for over a year and i would love to buy a different one...i had mine shipped from samsung to the monsanto warehouse and once i got the thing it worked fine but i found out it is not waterproof...when i got my new one from sg it was still not waterproof and it isnt anymore. i will never buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased a bluetooth speaker for the car and it would not be played by the car audio system. I have been trying to locate out the device and its serial number and have not found anything so now I'm just returning it and saving the money. Review by davids:  This bluetooth stereo sounds amazing. It's the best in its class, and I'm so glad I purchased it. It plays all kinds of audio in any situation and my wife loves it. She can't get over the sound quality and the way the speakers sound. It also comes with everything you need to make it work on your vehicle too. If you're a newbie to Bluetooth audio, I highly recommend giving this one a try.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for several months. It doesnt work well. The speakers are very bad, I don't even know what the speakers are for. And I dont use them. The usb port is a no go. My gpu is a 970 and all I can get is a ssd adapter. And that isnt even all of the problems. I got this for a job and it came in two days with one problem and no instructions. Im so disappointed with this product. If I were to buy it again i would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ When I got this I was very surprised at how small and light it was. I was really worried about having to go through so much battery juice. The fact that the phone didn't have to be plugged in all the time for charging is a major plus. However, once it was fully charged it was a bit difficult to get it going again. I had to power it off and on several times to get the battery to charge to full. It's very unfortunate since this is a very nice phone and I hope to use it much more in the future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________  So I bought this for my wife, who is in a wheelchair and also has bad eyesight. She had the old CRT for 2 years, and was very happy with it. When she bought this one (which she loved), she realized it was very dim, and in the evening it would go on and off. Not good. I changed it out for an LCD. However, after I turned the power on, the LCD would go off for no reason. I tried the reset button and it was all right, but then the CRT would go out again. After several weeks, I tried a different TV and after two years the same thing happened with the LCD screen. Eventually I gave up, and the new LCD was no longer being charged. I did not get the warranty on the CR-T because I had not used it very long. When I bought my LCD for my new computer, I did call and ask about the warranty and was told, that it only covers the LCD, so no warranty for the CR T. After two years of frustration and no support from TSR, I gave it up. TSR's customer service is poor, so don't buy from them again.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost 3 months and it still won't charge. i tried many things like taking it to a different room to charge in peace but nothing worked. then i noticed the USB port and took it back to the store. they gave me a new one, i got it back today and it finally works. but still the fault. i was really bummed out because i could have used it in peace. but if this is the only option. i will just keep it and keep it on my desk as a back up computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have this thing for about a week now, and have to say, the battery life is really bad. I use it to play games that can get pretty intense for a game console. I'm usually playing games in 1080p and at 60 fps, so I would expect that the battery would last me at least an hour. But it hasn't even been 2 hours and I'm going to have to throw it away, it's pretty bad. It just barely has enough juice to run a game that requires a decent amount of fps. It's just not worth the money to get it. I would rather spend the money for a better console or a better device to play the games.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you are looking for something that doesn't cost a fortune, but that will give you a nice sound for the money, then look no further. The sound is good, and sounds great with the amp. The only thing is that the cord is extremely short. If your not careful, the cord will actually cut through your subwoofer. Not good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 1 month now and i bought it to play some music on and also listen to my mp3s. i have noticed that its not quite loud enough to play music on. the battery life is poor i will not buy this again, i only got it to have an mp3 player but i am disappointed with this product and my first choice.  What could have been - August 19, 2014 - August 18, 2014 Anonymous Reviewed By: This is the first "real" speaker you can actually listen to music through (at least that's what I think they mean) at home. I'm a bit of an audiophile so I like to have lots of high quality speakers for listening to music. This unit is soooo much better than I expected. This isn't a cheap speaker, but I'm still impressed that the price was so low. I was able to get it for $130 off of Ebay (before the coupon and rebate)... but I'd probably pay $150 for it, especially after the fantastic experience I had with this one so far. I use it in the bedroom, and even though the sound isn't as good as my subwoofer, it's the best I've heard. My neighbors love it, so that helps too. (If you're worried about the cord coming loose, I don't think I've had any problems). I can even use it with my TV in the living room - I have to turn the volume down and you don't get the full sound. The sound is quite good, but it might be better if you have to crank the volume on the TV. Overall, I'm glad I bought this one. It's awesome. , May 30, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the device and was amazed to find out that there were no pictures on the inside. I found this very annoying, when the device is plugged into a computer or USB hub. I was also disappointed to learn that the camera had a max. resolution of 640x480. I also didn't like the fact that there was no memory card reader included with this purchase. The battery life was also short. I am a very heavy user of internet media and I have no plans on upgrading to a tablet device any time soon.  Write a positive review about the product: I purchased this device for my girlfriend to use with her tablet. It is perfect for her. I have her watch tv, listen to music and do her laundry from her computer on a regular basis. My girlfriend is a very happy camper and I can't think of a bad thing about the device. It has a very high resolution and I am very pleased with the amount of storage space.  a great product! By: karen D. Product: Pipe Tools This is a wonderful piece of equipment. It takes up very little space in the bathroom and allows me to keep my computer on the wall. This was an extremely helpful purchase. It came with instructions and I was able to learn how to use it. -Karen  a piece of great-great value By: mj g Product: Tobacco Pipe Tools Works very well. Great little set. Will be buying again.  was great By: Michael G Product: tobacco pipe tools bought one of these, but not with the intent to smoke. It was very good and did exactly what it was supposed to do.  "I love this set" By: Thomas B. Product : Pipe Tools I love this sets. I used to use the glass pipes from a tobacco store, but they were always broken. The glass pipes were also of poor quality, so they could always break and I had to buy new. The pipe tools are very sturdy, and the glass pipe bowl is extremely durable and can be re-used. I think that these tools would be very useful in a tobacco shop or in my smoking room, especially if I don't own a pipe. I do have a pipe though and that would be a perfect match. I could see this being an interesting addition to my tobacco cabinet, especially since I usually smoke a pipe (I have an old Peterson pipe). Thanks for making such a great set for pipe smokers and especially for those
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would highly recommend this product. It has been working great with an older iPod for 2 weeks now. My   phone has been replaced for the   same   time.   As far as   performance,   the  iPod is not   loud.  It   does   play music but is   a little bit   sluggish.  I think   it has something to do with the size of the  iPhone and iPod, but   that might just be   personal preference.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple weeks now, first day i opened it up i tried to use it to play a game on my iphone 4 and the audio is cut off. i then took it back to my local store they tried to send me a new one but the new one does not have that problem. i would not recommend this product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound of my car stereo was not working, it took a while to resolve it. I returned it to Amazon and they were very apologetic, so I recommend you contact them. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, September 06, 2016  Good product for the price  by John from Stow, OH USA  Pros: Very good product for price  an excellent quality product  Cons: Some scratches  Review: Works great! No issues at all. Great price for a good quality product.  Was it helpful to you to report this review?  0 of 0 people found the following review helpful: Worked as Advertised Reviewed by: John fromStow, Ohio USA 5 / 5 Pros: Works as Adverts  Had to replace my stereo. Very happy with Amazon  Works as advertised  Great price . Reviewed By: John From Stow, OH US Seller profile Seller profile Top Reviewer Review Date: September 06th, 2016 I just got this today and plugged it in and it sounded as good as the brand new unit. 'sounds great'. Reviewed On: April 20th, 2015 I bought the Yamaha FM-BH100W. The sound quality is very good. It's very quiet and easy to use with the button on the front. It will only play the audio files in your drive. I've never had any problems with the FM radio. I use it in a Yamaha DX7 and the FM is clear with the Yamaha built in FM radio, even at full volume. You can play music from your computer's media library. The unit is very easy to set up and use. I recommend it if you want a nice sound with very little cost. , Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best radio ever I purchased this because I was looking for a replacement FM radio that I could plug into my Yamaha DX-7. It works great. The unit was easy to configure for my Yamaha and it plays music. It also has a great sound system with the built in AM radio. The AM is clear and crisp.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using this tablet for about 3 months. The screen is not bright. And the graphics look like a black screen. The tablet also is not very useful at all for learning English. The learning materials are in Chinese which I am not able to understand. I do hope it will be improved soon. It could use the ability to translate from other languages as well. Write a positive review about the good electronic device :  This is the second of my two iStick Pods. This one is older than the other. I bought this tablet around 2.5 years ago when the other was just released. In the two years since I've been using my new iSticks. This particular one is still running well. I keep it plugged in every night after turning it on (because it has a rechargeable battery). This is a great little device that I'm really happy with.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This thing is so bad. It does not work. You have to use the power cable to make it work. Thats it. No power to the usb ports. No way to get it to work without the power. Its just garbage. I have an old Sony Playstation 3 and its a little better. Not a deal breaker but if you have to have an ethernet port to do anything. Get a better one. Not worth your time. If you dont like it then get another one that does its job and you wont care that it is garbage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I used it, I was surprised at how easy it was to move the device around on my desk. When it started to fail, I thought that was it, but I decided to replace it anyway. The problem is that the replacement didn't have a power button on the back, so the battery died the next day, so I had to buy another one. The screen is fine, I just wish it had one on the front, so you could put it on your laptop's lid, rather than have to put the case on your workstation. I bought this for my office, and it was a good replacement, but the problems you might run into are definitely there.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's terrible, I've tried it a few times and the screen flickers. The sound is terrible, very low, it's so far from the original sound that it's unusable. You will not be able to use it for anything. You'll want to return it. I've had it for three weeks and I have to use my old one to watch my TV. It was bought on amazon.  Write a positive review about an ok electronic device that didn't work well enough for your needs:  This is my third iMac and my latest was my first one I have had for almost 4 years now and has been a reliable machine and computer. I have never had problems with it and the only thing that does happen is the screen flashes a lot because of my old computer having a lot of power issues. It's pretty rare for anything but my computer to show this kind of flash. , I was given a refurbished iMac 4G in early 2008 that needed repair and I gave it to a friend for a review.I was told that this refurbished machine had problems and that they couldn't help me fix it. Then I found this website that was devoted to refurbished Apple iMacs, iMac 3.3G with 1G RAM, iBook G3 with 512K of RAM, and I did some research and found it was an iMac 2G with 4G RAM. This machine came from Apple, I'm the one who purchased it and I was told the repair was not covered by Apple warranty, because the warranty was for original equipment.I also researched and found out that this 2G was out of warranty and they do not cover it either. I had it refurbished and gave them $100, and now I am waiting for my new iMac to be sent back. It seems that the refurbishment is still under Apple warranty. I can't even use my previous computer because it's an iBook computer. It doesn't have any floppy drive. The warranty only covers parts that were bought before the date of the manufacturer's warranty, and the parts in my iMac are purchased after that date and they will not cover them either. It says Apple Warranty - The Apple Warranty can be viewed here: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT11246 I have also seen other iMac refurbished models that are now being sold on amcocompare.com for as much as $
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since 2007, it has been a huge disappointment since then it cant use anything more than a phone it cant do anything more then a simple text message or a quick picture send and receive i had to buy a samsung galaxy note 7 which is a better phone but still not as good as a smart phone with a usb keyboard and a bluetooth mouse it just sucks ive tried upgrading the cpu to a 6 core i7 8 core i5 8 core and i3 8 core but they still cant do alot more then 2 things the wifi on this thing is so bad it cannt even handle 2 gps applications i cant send emails on it, it cant work with my email and the camera sucks, i bought this thing because it was the cheapest and i thought it would do everything I need from a phone for my wife but she didnt enjoy using it and is disappointed with the lack of features, it sucks _________________   Current: Galaxy Nexus  3.5Ghz  32GB Memory  Nexus Imprint  6.0Ghz Snapdragon  4.5" screen  16GB flash  5 megapixel camera  Gesture based remote   Last edited by mrpaul11; 03-08-2012 at 04:52 PM.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to play a friend's new HD recording device. I thought the quality was decent but it sounded like it was being recorded through my TV speaker. The sound is very tinny and low end. I had to use the sound control settings to get the sound level on my TV to match the sound quality. I have no complaints about the sound on this device but the quality is poor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My computer is a Sony Vaio. The speakers on it are not very good, and the audio quality is very bad. I'm sure that's not what you wanted, but the price is really really low for the sound quality of the speakers. Also it's very noisy and has too many buttons and buttons that don't work, and it takes a long time to charge. The battery life is terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a gd-750s for a while and i bought another one to use as a portable radio. so far so good, however there is no audio on the radio and sometimes there is even no sound at all. i have tried different cables and am trying to get a good one. i will continue to use this as a radio, however i will look at other brands first.  My opinion on the product: I am very satisfied with this product. I have the cd player and this is the best part. I never had any trouble with it. It has a good sound quality. I am in a business of making audio recordings of concerts and this unit does not fail to record and play well, for it has a high quality chip and a lot of memory. I highly recommend. , November 8, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very poor quality product that does not seem to work well and the power source is not a good quality either. The battery is not rechargeable so after a few hours or less, I was having trouble with the battery. Not the best quality. Not a good buy.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 11, 2014  Nice little device  by G from Fair Oaks CA USA  Review: Excellent product. Works very well. I had trouble charging the device when it first arrived as the USB port connector is not as small as the computer I have and it doesn't fit the USB hub with it. But I have found a solution for that, it's a piece of old USB that I bought online (on Ebay), it's just large enough to hold the USB cable but small enough to fit the charger in, not big at all. I use the phone and it works great. I did buy a new charger for my previous one.  be careful about how you plug it in, as I'm sure other reviewers have mentioned the small plug for the cable and how it works with the phone.  (I just bought a cheap laptop charger)  Is this review helpful?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this as my "daily driver" for my son. I've tried several brands of mp3 player (Sony, Samsung, etc.), none of which have a lot of power. I got the Pyle Digital Xtreme, and with the exception of "playback" the playback sounded horrible. I was hoping for something that had power that wouldn't suck as much as my Samsung, but it's just not. The bass is horrible, the mids are poor. The highs just don't sound natural. I will not use this unit again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for years and it just stops working, ive spent a lot of money on it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "This monitor had a bad start, and eventually I had to get a second one. I'm not sure how the manufacturer managed to screw it up so bad. I've had it for two weeks now, and it's not worth the money."   Worth the money? No!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 17, 2011  Great for the price  by A Customer from North Miami FL USA  Pros: Cheap, fast.  Cons: None  Review: It's very good, very affordable.  The problem I have is that I can't run a video game. And when I'm running a video it is always in 1280 x 720 resolution.   Was it helpful to you to report this review?  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: Amazing!!!  By Daniel from El Centro CA USA  and by Daniel from  I think this is a great buy.  are good in low light.  and the color is great.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace an old iMac and it works ok, i just have one issue where my music keeps skipping at random, it would only stop and start when the video started playing. I also have another issue with my tv and it will stop working but you have to turn it on to get it back on. Other than that I would buy this again. It's the best i can do for now.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought a GSM Samsung Galaxy S II a few months ago. The product was very nice and I really like the phone. But one day I noticed a huge issue. When I plug the phone in, I noticed that the phone had a very strong and loud noise when using the bluetooth and the touch. I did some research and found that Samsung has a bad chip in the Galaxy SII. Now the product has become so noisy that it doesn't work very well with my laptop. Now I'm searching for another Galaxy S2.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst piece of equipment i have used in my life! It can't be turned off without shutting it down and starting it over. If you are going to buy a smart phone or pc this should not be the first one you get. Don't waste your money!  Good starter piece, not a great replacement for my MacBook Air or Macbook Pros  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product and my wife will not use it again. It is extremely noisy and hard to hear anything. We had it for a few weeks and after an extended period of use she is no longer able to read anything on it. This could very well be a defective device. She said it would be easy to replace. I don't even think it would fit in my pocket.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like the e-ink display, but unfortunately it does not work when it has not been connected to a power source. I have to connect the eink display with my laptop charger every time I turn it on, and when it is not connected to any power source the eigo does not start up! I'm trying to get a refund on it. I had to replace the e ink screen with a regular one after the display would only work when connected to my laptop.  Reviewed by: Sean D. (New York, NY)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had this for just over a year, and every time I turn it on, it gives the wrong time. I have to restart the computer before it starts. This thing is a piece of junk. You would be better off with a flip phone for $40 that doesn't even have a working screen or a screen that makes sounds when you turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device works fine, except that there was an issue with the battery last night and I could not use it. So the battery died and the case fell off. I had to pay a lot of money to have it replaced. It may just be the way it is manufactured and I don't know. But I had my doubts about it after reading reviews.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These headphones are very heavy and bulky. The clamp on the clamp is very flimsy, so if you drop the headphones you will hurt your head. The headphones will be too heavy to hold in your hand.   They will also cause your ears to vibrate which causes ear fatigue. I tried to use these headphones on a airplane and the weight of the headphones made the plane very uncomfortable and the earbuds were also very uncomfortable.   Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Better than expected The headphones were exactly what I was looking for. Not as flimsy as I had expected, better in fact. No loss of bass and decent volume without too much volume gain. I was also pleasantly surprised with the included adapter so I could use these on a portable audio device such as a cell phone.  Reviewed using: Sony MDR-7506 / Sony MEX-Z7 / Sennheiser HD598
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have only used the touch screen on this thing for a few months now, and it has been a disaster. I'm an engineer. This is NOT the touch input I expect from an iPad. If there was any reason to buy this device, it's that I need it for engineering, not touch. If you want to use this as a tablet, I would advise you to wait for an update. The touch screen is a pain. It takes very little practice for me to master this input, but if you do, you will love it.  Read a bad review about this device: "I have used a tablet on the job for many years now. It has never failed me, and the iPad has never disappointed me. However, I have the Apple Touch ID. I don't have an iPad Touch ID, but I do have the Touch ID on my iPhone 5, and when I used the TouchID, I just could not use the device. I tried using it on my Surface, and that worked OK, so it's a matter of experience. This device is a complete failure, it is not touch, and you can not turn it off." I have never been this disappointed in an electronic device. Read a good review about the iPad Touch Cover:    "I am a graphic designer and have been looking forward to using the iPad stylus for a long time. I purchased this stylus when I was looking to get one because I wanted to have some experience with it. I will tell you, it was one of the best things I have ever purchased, and I will probably buy more just because of the price. It is easy to hold, the tip is comfortable, and while it does a decent job with drawing lines and text, it really shines when drawing 3d objects. The best feature of this stylum is the pressure sensitivity. It's so precise, you can draw in a precise, clear line. I really like this styluam, it will be the stylus of my future." Read an overall review on the iPad:     " The iPad is a very good device, I highly recommend it if you're looking for a tablet with more computing power than a laptop. You get all the features of an iPhone, but with a better battery life. It was never meant to be a desktop machine; it's meant to give you everything a computer can do while on the go. This tablet has all of the same features
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this device after having to put up with my old laptop getting scratched by my son's iPad. This thing was a total waste of money. It is like the old Apple 2. It took 5 minutes to turn it on, and then 5 more minutes to get through the settings. When I get to the settings and click on "turn on" the first time it does not go to the next step. Then I click on the "Turn on" button and I get a "computer not found". I can not get it to turn on when it is in the "computer" mode.   After that I have to click on settings and go to "wifi" to use this device.   a bad review:    My old laptop was the same, but had a 3rd generation Intel Core 2 Duo processor and I bought this to replace the older Core 2 Solo. It's very, very slow. And the battery life is terrible. I have it on all the time when I'm not using it, so when I do I get really cold hands. I also can't turn the screen on when the battery is below 2%. When the battery goes down to 2%, it takes a very long time to get the screen back on. My laptop is a Macbook, but the specs of the computer have changed since the 2nd generation.  .     I would give it a 1 star, but I would get an Intel Core Duo laptop that is 1/3 of the price, and get the Intel Core Solo 2/2.5/2 in one unit.   for the price I paid for this one I should get the 2.5 or 2.2 but not this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------I bought this laptop for my work and it was not a good product it was cheap and the display was dim and could not play any games that I had with my PC. So I bought a new one and this one was no better it was way to big so I took it back and got a new iMac the screen was great but it was so expensive and I got a much better laptop from mac which I will get and also have no issues with it. And the only thing this laptop has going for it is the warranty it lasts a good time.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first time I bought a tablet, and I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box and saw the large power and usb ports. There are plenty of USB ports for this tablet and plenty of power for it. I like the small size and the fact that you can have it charge for about an hour. It has a screen with great colors. It's great for watching TV, but I think it's best for reading. You can use this tablet at a low brightness setting, so it's not as bright as it should be, but you can still read. It does have some software flaws, but it's still nice to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the most annoying things ive ever done.  First of all, i need to do all my work from home because of this thing.    They say its not supposed to work over a wireless network?   If you want to use a work computer, then you need to buy another one.  i want to play my games but i can't do that cause this thing is making a lot of noise.  4/15/13: I bought this keyboard about 2 weeks ago, and it has not worked out so far.  I have tried the reset button, and everything works fine, so I thought I would try using it to play video games.  The only problem I have noticed is that when I click a button on the screen, the arrow keys go through my mouse and start to do something else.  This is very annoying as the game is supposed to be running.  As far as I know, it is just a software problem, but it does make the device unresponsive to me when using it as a video game. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not one of my favorite pieces of technology ever.  The batteries are a terrible idea.    They are too small and have an unreliable charge.  I use a 10 minute timer to charge them to a maximum.  If you take more than 20 minutes they all die.  It's a terrible way to use a device. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this and i had one before and it worked fine for a month then it died out and the same thing happened to this one.   I was about to give up on this and it being a broken device but i noticed that you can change out the micro usb cord as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  The best way to get around is to keep your mouth shut!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I own two of the ipads but one of the keyboards is completely dead and I want a new one. I tried all the settings on my old one and it was fine. Can anybody help please???? Thank you
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------I was hoping I would like the iPhone, but the app was slow on my 5th gen iphone, I will not be purchasing the new iPhone 6.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "There's no shame in failing" - Albert Einstein
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- This is a really bad product. I bought one of these a few years ago to listen to music through headphones. Since then I've been able to play just about every kind of music but it still sounds terrible. My ears hurt when I listen to it. I've also bought an iBook so I can still do that but it is not the same. I don't even want to hear it. Don't waste your money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one since it was bought and it is not very durable,its plastic and it has broken, and after about 20 years it doesnt have many components left so it will be hard to replace it. I wouldnt buy another as i am afraid to get one for my children.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- My husband and I bought an LG D820 for our home about a year ago. We needed it to watch our baby's videos on VH1. It started working very well right out of the box (not an automatic update like so many people complain). Then he got a new phone and I got a Samsung. I was getting an error message about the phone's memory size. When I went into the settings to change this, I noticed that this was already default. So I set it to 4. It worked fine after that. I then realized my phone was getting huge "memory" files. I couldn't delete them and had to uninstall the app. It was a huge inconvenience. Then I discovered this app and the "wifi connection" problem was solved! Then a week later I had a message from LG stating my D820 was no longer compatible with the app and it must be removed. So this is not a "free" app! I wish they had the courtesy to put up a screen like they do with a phone's settings and let people know if they are about to uninstall an app. I could have saved a lot of money! (4/5)  Was this review helpful to you? YES (1) | NO (0)  the problem: I bought this product after I learned of it from another reviewer and I'm sorry to say I was totally misled. I had an LG VH100 and the D820 worked so I bought it expecting it to work. My VH10 worked fine. So did my D620. But after I turned it on it stopped working (for me) and said there was a problem with the firmware. So the LG Tech Support said they had no idea. I called them and they said the firmware was fine and the service was going to fix it. Well, after one day the service fixed the problem. When the service tried to send me a new one it told me my phone couldn't be repaired so I got another. The second one had the same issue. So then I asked them for a refund and they refused so I asked for a replacement. I got one and now I just can't get the service to fix my phone. It's not their fault. They don't seem to care that you didn't have the right firmware and now my phone can't communicate with my VH110. This sucks and I can't imagine how the customer service was trying to help me, but I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best part is that the sound quality is so amazing.  But the speakers are very weak.   I would buy again but they were very cheap to begin with.  .   in the end I got a set of a better pair for about the same price as the old one. . ,  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to replace a broken iDevices Wireless Display Monitor. This monitor works ok at most settings except one setting that I cannot set it to and that is when I am in my office and it shows the outside world while on my couch. The wireless range is too short and the display is also only about 1 inch above my couch which means that I can see it when sitting down but can not see anything if I'm sitting up and about, which is why I have no problem with using my laptop or my iPad. Overall, I'd give it a 4.5. My iDevice is still going strong and I am using it as my primary monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device is unusable and the manufacturer has not been responsive or kind enough to give an adequate refund.   I purchased the "Gardner HX200" and when it shipped, it did not work. It did not have any function at all.  After three months the package arrived and the "HX200." I immediately thought it was a defective product so I opened the package, removed the battery, replaced the battery and everything was fine. I tried again to replace the battery. I opened again the box and removed the new battery and then noticed that the charger is broken.  What a joke, this device is worthless.  I did a little research on what I was dealing with and it turns out the company, which has a reputation of shipping defective products, is a supplier of components for other companies, which include Cisco, AT&T, Samsung, Dell and the list goes on.  The price is not as high as it is on the other online sellers but the quality of product is awful.  A "Hexaflex 2" would have worked better but that would have been $100 more at my local electronics retailer.  Very poor customer service.   Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good Product at a Great Price - I bought this item as a gift for my son. He has a bad experience with all the "best" products. This was a great "value" for him. It works great - no issues. I'm happy I got a second hand item instead of spending the money on a new one.  5 5 Great device for the price I bought one of these for my daughter as a graduation gift. She has been using it for about 3 months now and it is so much more reliable than any of the other electronic devices she has used (which are all really crappy). I like that the unit is easy to use and the unit has a decent battery life.  at first it was going great but after 5 months it stopped working  2 5 Best $20 I have Ever Spent I have owned a number of electronic products in the past, from cell phones to tablet PCs. For me the best thing about this product is the price. This is one of the best purchases I have ever made.  (I have 3 daughters in college and use my electronic devices for them. I have always purchased one at a time as I wanted to make sure my girls have them before they leave for
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My samsung s3 is terrible. Every time I plug it in it randomly shuts off. Also the usb to micro usb cable is horrible. I don't have a hard drive or external hard drive and even when it charges it always shuts down or won't charge. And it always seems to do it when the screen is off. I've never had any issues with this computer before but it has been on for about 3 years now. I have no desire to buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a good phone but...I was expecting much more than this device offers.   I really enjoy my   HTC EVO 4G but   its got no app support.  I use the built in email and messaging apps to keep in touch with friends and family and my  friend has an   phone that runs   on the same model and i got the   same model.   The only app that the phone offers that i use is Google Keep, the other  apps   are on the phone itself so they have to be downloaded.  The   battery   last me for over  4 weeks with light to moderate usage,   the phone has no wireless   features to speak of and the  battery life is terrible.  When i go to charge i have to leave the phone on to charge,  because it wont charge to 100% even when connected to a charger.  It   only gets the battery to 80% with moderate usage.  This   has to be a defective model with a battery that is not up to par with what   is expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I recently bought this item. I have a lot of experience with electronic products but this one was a huge let down. The product arrived very late and I had to wait over 10 days to get my items. I had the same issue with the original one. I was so frustrated with this one that I returned it right away. There was no instruction manual on how to use the device and everything seemed to be very difficult to use. I would not recommend buying this product and would never recommend this item to anyone I know.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The original phone was great and came with free delivery, but that was years ago and has just been replaced by a second one that's broken down on the same street.   We have a lot of older and outdated cell phones, and the old model I had had one of the best voice recording technology, and you could get the old models for a couple of bucks if you have the phone numbers (which I don't and don't plan to buy them).   But it is hard for me to recommend that we spend that much money on a device that isn't even as good as what is on the phone today. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________ I have just finished reading "On the Move: My Journey from Home to School" by Elizabeth Kübler-Ross, the great mother of the family to which I belong. Although I have no family in the United States, I feel an affinity with Ms. Kübling-Ross' story of her daughter being left behind by her mother who moved to another country. She was a teenager living in a city as a student, where the family had to find a new home for the boy who had been left behind. After some time in a new place, a new set of kids, and a new group of friends, this young woman felt that she had no place in her new school, which she had attended in college. She felt lonely and disowned. So the story moves on to describe the young woman's journey to a school in the city where she felt she had a place. And this school is a good one. One of the best that I've seen in the past couple of years. I think the real strength of the book is not the story of the girl, but the author's ability to describe and illustrate how the situation of someone who has been left with little is a devastating one. There are a lot of lessons here. The author also writes about the emotional and psychological toll the journey takes on the family. In this regard, she does a good job. I have read other books about the plight of the child and the need for their parents to be there for them, but I haven't been moved as much by them as I have been by this book. One thing I would like to add: Ms. Loughridge writes very well and I was amazed at how she did it. There is little repetition in the writing and the language flows well. The book is only about 200 pages, but is so well written that I think it would be a great read for any reader with young children or anyone wanting to know more about the struggles children face in their early years. It is a must-read for anyone who has experienced the struggle that Ms. M. L. Kuller-Ross has described. It really touched me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************************  This item has been purchased for a friend but it has not worked. He has tried a few different brand and models and nothing works. I was not able to get this to work. He purchased this to do a computer project for his class and it is a very nice and simple project. The only problem is, this is the only computer that is not working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was looking for a replacement, but it is not compatible with my iphone 6. Not happy at all. It was not easy to plug in. Not compatible with the new iphones. This company should be ashamed of themselves. The product came as a complete package, and the customer service is no better. I am not happy at any price.  Novel way to turn your laptop into a tablet with the i7-6700HQ and GTX 1060 6GB GPU Review By William  The i7 -6700HU is the new i7 in the Kaby Lake line of Kaby lake processors. It is an update of the i5 -6400K that has been in production since 2013. KabyLake is based on the Skylake architecture that is used in many of the world's most popular ultraportable laptops including the 13 inch MacBook Pro, Dell XPS 13, Lenovo Yoga, Acer Aspire V3-772G-6310, and even the HP Elite x3 (note: all of these are 13 inch models).  Kaby Lake is Intel's first Haswell-based architecture that features a 14nm manufacturing process that will deliver several key improvements. These include improvements in the CPU, graphics, power management, and system performance.  the i6 -6600U - the current entry-level i7 offering in the iMac - is also an update to the i8 -7200U series which was first introduced in 2013. , it is also the first Hasselhoff based notebook with a Kaby-Lake GPU as well. The i7 6700HQ, i5 6600U, i3 6300U are Kabylake-based, quad-core processors with a base clock frequency of 2.5 - 3.5GHz.  that features the KBL -7000HQ. KBL is a 14 nm process node that will allow a reduction in power consumption and provide an improved GPU as opposed to Haswell's 28 nm process.  and is an updated version of the new 4K - 6700U i5 and i7 notebooks released in June.  as a part of the 6th generation of Intel Core processors, the i10-7300U and i9-7500U are new desktop SKUs that deliver the latest, next generation of technology. The 7th Gen Core processor family delivers a new set of features and technologies that deliver even more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -   I can not believe the poor quality of this item. It is simply not worth the $300! The speaker does not sound very good. It does not play back music properly or record. I would not recommend this to anyone.    Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about MELISSA LEE COFFEE KEY-CLOCK CABLE by VooDoo (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Customizer page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! .  Have an urgent question about this item? We monitor these comments daily, but it may be faster to email us directly or call us at (626) 286-0360. Our resident experts are standing by to answer your questions!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The touch screen on this model is very touchy and the buttons are very sensitive to your finger touching the screen. We bought this for our 9 year old daughter as a way to take her outside and do other stuff, and she uses it all the time. The screen is very small so it would be easier for a larger child than it is for a smaller one. The only thing that has really changed since we bought it is the fact that the touch screen no longer auto turns off.  Was this review helpful? Yes  I bought this unit a year and a half ago and it's still going strong  by A.T. from Washington, D.C.   It works great, it's the perfect size for our needs and it looks great too. I like the new, larger font. -E.   for the money its a great deal.  .  to my one and only complaint is that it was missing some features but that would be expected from a budget unit.   to the other side of the coin, when i plug my iPad to this thing the volume will drop down low and it will say you have a bad battery! which is annoying.  and i can't seem to find out what exactly happened. so i had to get a replacement one.   this unit is a great unit but i don't know what the heck happened to the volume control. and if i plug in a phone i'll have to charge it every night or something. ,  and the phone charging is terrible too.  at least they fixed that one. I can't find anything to complain about.   .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to connect my iPhone 7 to my iphone. I have had the iPhone 7 for two weeks now and the charger works, but the usb cable does not. I think I have finally found the problem. The usb cable is the worst I have ever used. It does not work anywhere near as well as the usb cables that are available in stores. I'm going to try another company to get better customer service.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Gail from Terrible Product This is by far the worst product I've purchased. I thought it would be more reliable, but I was disappointed with it. When I initially plugged it in, it didn't charge my phone for 2 days. I had to wait 24 hours until the phone was in good condition before it could charge. The USB port was not working at all.  is is a USB-to-C dongle and it is great. The power to the device is great as well. However, I've been using a USB cable that came with the product to connect to my computer. I bought a generic one from my local Best Buy for $11 and used it to charge my computer in the office. So, I have to buy the generic one again to recharge my phone. I don't think they have a return policy for this item, but it is still my best choice of dongles that I have used thus far. I did have some issues with my phone getting a lot of drain on battery after 3 days but that is probably a result of the USB cable I used to charge it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received my new Macbook Pro 12.3 with Windows 7 and was very pleased with the new Apple system! However, the keyboard and the trackpad is terrible! It's almost impossible to use! I have used a Microsoft touchpad for 10 years now. My Macbook was like that before the new one. It was always hard to use, because it was slow and it made my fingers bleed. The new Mac's trackpad and keyboard have no real advantages. They are both too slow for my needs. I have a hard time using them because the buttons don't respond to my touch. I can't even get a mouse to respond to a touch! My last Macbook had a hard keyboard, so I was really disappointed that the new ones don't have that feature. The touchpad is not an option for me because I would like the screen to react to my movements. I'll just have to stick to my mouse! I'm not sure if I should be grateful that Apple hasn't stopped making them or if I'm just bitter that I can no longer get all the features that I want. I think I'll stick with my old one.   Apple should have made the Macbook Pros with a touchscreen instead of a mouse. I used my Macbook Air until it gave out a couple years ago. I finally upgraded to the new MacBook Pros and I'm very glad I did. I'm no longer using a mouse! The new trackpad on my MacBook is much better than the one on my old MacBook Air.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this laptop for my wife, and she didn't like it. I have been looking for a laptop with a good quality of computer and this was not it. It is hard to use and takes a long time to boot up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After receiving my NEXUS 7, I immediately regretted my purchase. I was using it as an iPhone 7 Plus. I have an iPhone 6s Plus. In my experience, the camera is horrible, the lens is horrible. Even the software is worse than on the iPhone 6+. I've had it for less than two weeks and already the camera has several major software glitches, and a few bugs I haven't been able to reproduce. I bought the Camera+ for the iPad version (the 8.0) because of the Apple's camera app. However, it took me almost an entire day to find a camera icon in my phone to launch. That's like, two days worth of my time in the last two weeks alone! Now that the camera app has some sort of "auto-focus" function that I've seen on the Apple iPhone. I'm pretty sure I will go back to my iPhone 6. I'll be going back to a phone with a good camera.  No questions asked: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s has an amazing sound and screen. but its battery life is just terrible. its always running down like crazy. it is so loud and I cant sleep because the screen and sound are so loud. this is a great phone for the price but they should fix the battery problem. (Posted on 8/6/2016)  Great phone, but... Review by mike Quality Value Price Service It was the first phone that my dad wanted me to buy when i was in the early 20's and we had some extra cash. It did not disappoint. It was easy to setup, easy to use, easy on the eyes. I have now had it over 20 years. My wife does not like it much but I have her on to me to make it work for the two of us. I still have it today! (Posted 6/20/2016 the best phone i ever had. Review by jim Quality ValuePrice Service the best Phone i have ever bought and i will never take it back (Posted 5/31/2016 Best phone on the market Review by Bill Quality Value Value the best of the best and if you are a tech that is a fan of this company you should give this device a try. The best of all phones. ( Posted 4/18/2016 good phone but battery life was really bad. Review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had bought this to replace my old "Tasmanian devil" which had gone bad.   The problem with the original devil is that the keyboard was not easily accessible and the volume rocker was impossible to reach with the palm of my hand.  .   (this is from what i can remember).   Well this one is no better.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for 4 months now and the wifi isn't working i called them and they said they'll send me another one and they did a year ago but they never send the one after that even though i contacted them every time. i was so disappointed in them
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i bought a smart phone with the intention of using it. the phone works but the app store app is terrible it has almost everything the app stores does not have the option to turn it off it has a few options but they are all stupid like changing the ringtone on the phone or making the screen the background and i am not going to use this app. i have two of these phones so i hope it does not get lost but the only thing i like about it is it has the option of being silent and it has options to make the phone sound like a cell phone or speaker phone. i am pretty sure that if the phone was an old phone they could have included these options but it is not an old one. i like that they have the screen on the top for it to look like a phone and then they can use an old cell phone style speaker.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a few years ago when I had a Mac mini and i had just returned it from a friend who used it as a desktop. So far so good. It has done its job well for 2 years now. So when I got the MacBook pro I was excited. I used my old mac mini for a long time and it was my only work computer. I tried it out and was very pleased. Then, I got my new mac pro, and I decided to get an iMac for home. When I got it I found the battery was dead on the new one. It was only about 2 months old. I called the store and they told me that they did a "soft recall". So I went back to my mac mini. I set up the mac pro with my iMac and it worked like a charm. Then I did the same with my old Mac mini. And I got no answer when I called them to report the problem. It's been a few weeks, I'm starting to get worried. Now I have the new Mac pro and I'm going to have to get a replacement. This product was advertised as "new" and it's not. I'll be returning this product and I hope I don't get another one. I will not buy another from any other store.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is an excellent, high quality device, but I've tried it in all four of the different colors I have, with three of them on different devices, and it always works for a little longer than it should. It's definitely not the same as the device I had in the early 90's, with a serial number on it, which was great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for years and it still works fine. it's cheap enough to buy another one if it's defective. i use it mostly in my office but it has the most amazing speakers. i got this to listen to music when i'm at home with the family. not many speakers this good for such a cheap price. i have a koss s-1 and it sounds better but this is a great purchase!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for an mp3 player for my family for over 3 years now i finally bought this thing but after reading a few reviews i decided not to use it. I was getting great sound quality, great sound, the sound was clear but i thought i could fix it by hooking my iPod up to my computer and adjusting the volume up and down to be on top of my home stereo. I did this for about a week and ended up not being able to do this as it is impossible to do so. the volume was just as good as my home stereos. So i went to the computer to adjust the volume and found out that my iPod can't get an analog signal and therefore it can't play music through this thing. Also my iPod only can get an mp4 signal and this thing doesn't play mp4, it plays wav files. I had the worst experience of my life after I purchased this. I tried to send my mp3 files back to the manufacturer to get a refund and I got this nasty, nasty email that i can't copy because it is encrypted. Not even my parents or anybody could open it. After this experience i don't think i'll buy another one of these thing. You will be better off spending the money to buy a good music player and your a lot smarter after spending the amount of money you will be spending on these. I'm going to be returning this item and buying another one. i know it sucks that i cant get my files back but if you want to get an MP3 player and you can't hook it up to your stereo, buy it from somewhere else. I would not recommend this product, don't waste your money and never buy this product again.  I am going to buy another  By Mark on June 17, 2014 I am a long time user of MP3 players. I recently purchased the Sony PCM-W535. While the sound quality is far superior to other mp3 players I've owned in the past, it lacks features that other players offered such as a digital audio out, an audio recording function, and a memory card slot. So I will have to get rid of the Sony in favor of a Sonos player or some other device. However, at this point, I do not have any other devices to compare the Sony with. The Sony was easy to set up. After turning it on and using it, it asked me for my model number and that was it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- I have the iMac 21.5 inch, and the video of the game is black and white, but I could only hear it because my headphones are connected, it is very clear and the color is vivid, I can see the 3D action very clearly and also it has a good sound. the game doesn't require much processing power, so I am happy and my game is working properly. I recommend to buy this product because it is not a cheap product, it has quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst device I have ever purchased from Apple,!!! It is so hard to operate,!!!!!!!!! It doesn't work at all,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It doesn�t work on my new iPod, !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It has to be turned off and back on again in order to even work,!!!!!!! I can�t believe that an Apple product can be so broken so quickly,!!!!! So very disappointed in this, ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This has an amazing sound system, but the speakers aren't very good.  The sound of this phone is great, but my ears are deaf from all the music I listen to on this phone.  I can understand only one song, even though there are 20 in the app.  This would be perfect if you have a big sound system and the speakers on this are great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The Samsung SmartThings Hub is like a piece of junk that you have to buy new every time it breaks. The Hub is terrible and has very few features compared to other hubs. It also has a tendency to break and I would not recommend buying this hub unless you need something for very small or simple projects. I use the Hub for a number of things:   1. Home automation in my home 2. Monitoring and controlling my garden with the Wink Hub 3. Remote access to a network using an Ethernet cable (like my older computer) 4. Monitoring power consumption (via an Arduino board) 5. Remote control for a computer or cell phone using my old Dell laptop (with wifi) 6. I monitor and control my heating system. 7.    I use a Raspberry Pi with my home automation system to control my lights and fans via wifi. I also use a SmartThings Light Sensor to make my lights blink. 8. A number of other smart devices.  In conclusion, it's worth spending $70 on this product.  It is a great solution for what I use it for and it's cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first thing I noticed about the new K-25 is the lack of battery life when compared to my previous one. I was in the middle of a large batch of plastic film to use in a print job and the print job was running pretty much constantly. So I tried this new model and it failed within a week. There were no signs of the camera overheating or the light flashing on and off. I checked the camera, the charger and everything that I normally check with the new model. No problems. The only possible problem would be the battery life would be cut short by the low voltage that I was running at at the time.  New and improved, but still a terrible product: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this item thinking it was a great deal, but I got an inferior product. It doesn't work with my android phone (a Sony Android 2.3 and 1GB RAM phone) at all. Not good at all, not even close. Not happy about that.  Noise is back:  If you are looking for a decent noise cancelling headphone (but can't afford expensive ones) this should work for you. With it being a cheap pair of headphones it will not break the bank either. I just had a small problem with mine, it's now been replaced with a new one but I'm not too happy with the new one either, just seems to have a more annoying sound to it. TIP: If you have the option of buying this item from a store, buy it from them, it will save you the postage. I paid the same price for it in a store and got it much quicker from a local store. The difference in price was so obvious. And that's it. There's probably a lot more things wrong with this pair of earphones, but that is just my opinion. The only way I can see myself using these is if I had a phone with 4gb or more of RAM and if I can get my hands on a good noise canceling headset, the HD600 will be a close second. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have no idea how a product with the name of "R3P0H" came into the world, but the product is totally useless. The only thing the R3P1H can do is change the LED color on a camera, not that a very big deal for a camera that is rarely used. The rest of the device is not very useful, as you have to put in a cable which is not particularly easy, or take out a cable, and then attach the R1H again. Also, I can't really see any way of having the LED brightness changed, so no use for the LED at all. I have only had this one for a couple of months, so I am not sure if I will like it much or not. I will give it 4 stars as it was good at first, but now I find it to be useless.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: jontham
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because of the "green" feature it claims to have. However, I really only used it once to turn the computer off and on. I found out that it was an LCD display, not a true green display. My screen was very dark and not very bright. It seemed to work ok, but I had to keep my computer on for over two hours while the green light went off. It took a good hour to turn off and another hour to re-brighten the screen. When the screen comes on you can see the screen was black when you turned it on. Then after re-initializing the software, you can only see white on the screen while it powers up. I am very unhappy that it does not provide the "full" green feature and that the software needs to be updated to get the best effect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  It is a very cheap USB 3.0 drive with a capacity of 1 GB. The drive works and does not get too hot (like with a more expensive model). It is a nice design but is made by a cheap Chinese company and is just not worth the money.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 24, 2012  Good, but not perfect  by Peter from Humble, TX USA  Pros: small, cheap, works  Cons: not perfect, some users complained  Review: I bought this product because I wanted to use the drive with an older Windows XP computer and needed the space for a program. After playing with the drive, it is very small. It is easy to insert and remove. As it is based on the USB 2.0 standard, it only works with older computers that only use that standard. My computer's USB 3 ports are too old to use it, and my motherboard only supports USB 2 ports.  is has some compatibility problems with my computer's audio drivers, so the device will not work with the computer. I have an inexpensive $5 computer that is more than compatible with it. In the end, I purchased this because I had one sitting around and I needed something to use on a computer, not because I have a high opinion of this company. .  (I did not order this product from this website.)  What do you think of this item? Sign in to vote.  the drive works, but only on windows xp 64bit  Submit Your Review There are currently no reviews. - Dave K. I own a cheap computer that has Windows XP 64bit. I did not want to spend $70-80 dollars for a Windows computer with the old driver so I bought one of these USB 2 1.1 USB 3 hard drives. The thing works perfectly on windows XP 64b it can only be used to store my personal files and nothing else. My only suggestion is to buy the USB 3 port adaptor instead of buying the 1GB drive itself. (I used the usb 2 1GB one)  Great product, very cheap  Write a positive review about an excellent product: I've been using this product for 2 months now and it has exceeded my expectations! I'm using this as my primary drive. I'm able to use my Mac and PC with the device (i.e. iTunes on my PC and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used it to record an acoustic piano, but the recording is awful, its so bad. it isnt loud enough to get the piano sounds, and the recording quality is awful. it comes with a case with a usb cable, but it doesnt have a usb input or out for the recording. ive tried connecting it to a computer, but i cant get it to work, the computer says there is no network connection. __________________  -Seth
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to play guitar and the tuning and tone were awful and very noisy. I was trying to fix it but couldn't so had to return it. I will be calling the manufacturer for a refund.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had an iPhone 4 and it started to make a strange sound, like it was trying to run out of battery but kept on going, I was on hold for 3 hours, then I called apple and they put a new battery in, but it wouldn't turn on, I tried everything I could think of trying to get it to turn on. Finally I got some sort of an adapter to try to get the phone to turn off but I could never get it into sleep mode or anything. After a month the phone was dead and I had to go and buy a new phone. I am so very angry I spent so much money on that thing that made a sound that was making me wonder why I ever bought it in the first place.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It didn't work.  I'm glad the product is here but I'm not happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace my last battery that had run out. It took 3 days to get it. When I first plugged it in it would not start but I did not use it until the 3rd day it was turned on and ran for an hour with only 1% battery. After that the battery would not hold a charge. I bought another one that lasted 1 week. Then I got the battery on the shelf for some time but did not want to risk it. I called the service rep and the lady told me she was looking into it. She got back to me with the number and said the next available one would be on the house in a week. On the way home I ran it for 30 mins and got nothing. No error codes or nothing. Got home and when I went to check I discovered my battery was dead. I contacted the service and was told to wait for a replacement. I am now waiting for another 2 days and I'm really pissed off because it was a freebie. I got a brand new battery and it last me 3 days. I know the quality is not the best but I wanted something that would last more than 3 days and not have to go to the store or wait a month to get one. Not happy with them at all.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this device thinking it would be the best one ever. When I saw the manual I was very happy. Unfortunately I was completely wrong. It didn't read the manual. It's really hard to tell what the batteries are for and what the switches do. It just goes back to the problems with all of these cheap devices. When you plug it in the computer takes a while to boot up and you have to unplug it, open the cover and push the reset button. The only thing that I can say is that it doesn't get a bad mark on the bad computer. That's the only positive I can take.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This has to be one of the worst gadgets I've ever owned, no exaggeration. The product seems to work perfectly the first few days, then it gets progressively worse and worse, the first 3 days it was working perfectly and by the 6th day I was getting messages saying "error, error, error." I have had to call a local repair shop and they said it is the electronics so that's what they fixed. I even called Samsung and they couldn't even help me with anything that it says it can't fix. They are supposed to tell me what it can do. It's so frustrating that a product I paid a lot of money for has such a horrible problem. And that's only 4 stars, because I'd give a perfect 10 if they could fix the issue.  Rated 1 out of 5 by B.E. from This is a great product for the price but its junk I bought this to replace a cracked tv, but in the 10 days that it has been broken, it has failed in at least 2 ways: 1. The battery is getting less charged, meaning it is less efficient at keeping the screen up. 2. The usb port (i think) is loose, and the connector is very brittle. Once the USB port broke I tried to repair it, but it just snapped back in place and I could no longer change the ports in.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6 with no screen protector, cracked screen and all that  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The "s" on the model name means "Stand", not "stand-alone". I bought the device to make a video game console so i thought its a really nice product. but the problem i have is that it's a stand-alone device not a game console and the control is not well suited for game. its not well made and it doesnt work well. for now i think it's great for making a nice console out of it but not so good for making games from it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was looking for something that would provide my wife and I with a large and secure storage system. The problem I found with the product is that it only has two connections (power and data) so you need to plug in both at the same time and that is a hassle to do. My wife has a lot of digital photos stored on the computer so having that as well as my photos and movies is a big problem. I am going to return it to Best Buy and they are going to refund my money.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  This is an amazing device. I have only one complaint to report.  as some people said about having to use 2 power cables, they are correct. You need to have the AC power to operate the device. If you don't you have to have it plugged into AC power. It is a problem in some countries but there is an adapter for that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this for an audio/music setup in my car. There are only 2 things it is good for: 1. To play music in the car that you have to use your radio 2. To charge the battery of my iPod It is very expensive and I am very disappointed. I use it once a week for a month. I have to keep getting new batteries. There is no option for the batteries to be connected through the case and only for the USB. It is a bit bulky and hard to use. If it wasn't for the "extra" charge the $40 would have been a better investment. If you really want to do the extra charge, buy another one from the "Apple store" and buy your own USB to USB cable. It works just as well and it doesn't have any extra cost. (Posted on 5/8/2016)  Great product and value! Review by Jason Overall Satisfaction I used this product to run a computer with a 7 inch screen on my ipod touch. Very easy to use and charge it while charging my phone. The screen is a little large so the video quality is a tiny bit blurry, but is not too bad. (Registered on 5-10-2015)  of my review: -------------  I purchased this to run my PC using USB-to-USB, the screen is so tiny and dim, and the usb cable was so long, it was impossible to charge the phone, it also took forever to charge. I can't speak about the quality of the product as I'm not an Apple user, but I am hoping Apple can fix these issues. I will not buy this again, it's a waste of money. (of my review) (Posted 6/22/2014)  and also of my Review: --------------  Very easy to connect the battery. (and I love it too, especially when I'm playing music) it's only a few dollars more expensive than my older one, but a good deal. (also of my feedback) (Registered 6/20/2014 )  Good product. Review by Tommi Overall Satisfied Bought this product for charging my mp3 player. The price is a good bargain and the product is simple and to the point. (registered on 6-5-2014)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this in my car ever since it was new, and my car is always in a rough condition, as soon as it gets to work, it dies. now I cant get it to charge to save my car. the worst part, its not in my name.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    There was a big delay on my order. I was not able to get my order until it was too late. The phone was sent with a cracked battery. It was very cheap in the first place. The customer service was not very good and the products are very cheap. It doesn't come with many of the accessories you need to do this repair. I really don't like this service.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The keypad was a pain to use, the screen was extremely flimsy, the speakers were crap and the screen would flicker constantly. i'm currently looking into getting another keypad so that I can use this one as a normal computer. I would recommend this to everyone not just audiophiles!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a very good product, however you need to read the instructions before your first use and then make sure that you dont overclock and if you overclock get out a spare board. If your using a 4 core and 8gb ram the unit runs quite hot and if this is not your case you will be paying for a memory upgrade. The unit can run as low as 500 watts with a 8gb memory and I have not had any power issues yet. It can be very hard to overclock since it has no onboard memory (only one port) so be careful!  It does what it was supposed to do.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old iphone 6 had problems with no sound and battery would not last through a full day of usage. The phone got very warm and I had to take it off to reset it. It now works great, I can now browse the web with it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: alexanders_shop
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "There is nothing wrong with the world, as long as you and I are in it." Last edited by rjfoster; 04-28-2017 at 07:52 AM.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am extremely satisfied with the purchase of this keyboard. I have only had it for a month and I already feel that I've gotten used to its layout and feel and the keys are extremely easy to hit. I am also extremely happy with its features and its overall functionality. I've also come to find myself using the USB cable with the mouse with my keyboard, which makes working with my PC a whole lot easier. The only thing I would change about it is that it would be nice if there was a way to easily make the left-side of the keyboard into two different levels. One is the normal level and one is the lower level that makes it easier for me to hold it and type. However, it has only been a month so it's not like it would matter much to me.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Very good, but... Bought this unit to replace a dead laptop that was on the cheap and it has performed admirably. The keyboard is very quiet, the keys have a nice feel and they are a comfortable distance away from your hands. The power button is on the back so it is easy to reach, and it is responsive enough to have me hit it a lot. The one downside is that you can't turn the computer off or switch to another power saving mode. However it does work perfectly as a light-duty laptop replacement for the price.  a good keyboard, but it's too short to be used for a regular laptop, the button keys are too close to your fingers so you can feel them typing, the function keys are just to far from the edge, and the trackpad is not responsive at all. but overall a very nice product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The price of the A-101, or the A100, doesn't add up.  They use the same components that you'd find in many other high end devices, but the price really is ridiculous. The power supply is only rated for 4.2v.   The only difference in quality is the type of heatsink used (I believe it's heat-sink made by Asetek).    Posted by JW, January 30, 2016  In a vacuum, it is unlikely that an electronic device will have any noticeable differences from one batch to the next.  Yet when you factor in all the other variables that can impact performance, quality, and reliability, such as the components used to build it, temperature of the components, and the ambient humidity level, there are many ways in which a device can be compromised, often without the consumer knowing that it has taken place.  What follows are some tips and tricks that will help you better assess whether a product has been affected in a noticeable manner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________ After having my new Samsung phone for about 3 months, it died after about 5 years. I called my dealer, Samsung and told them I am going to have to replace my phone because of a cracked screen. They told me that the phone would be replaced for free. I told them that I want to keep my phone and will not have it replaced because it's not a new phone. He said that was no problem and that it was a no cost replacement. He told me I would be talking to the warranty department. I ended up having to call them and ask them to cancel my free replacement. They said my warranty would be canceled and I have to pay for the replacement. I said I can't pay for a replacement when I don't want the phone. They say I am responsible for having the phone for 6 months. The person I talked to on the phone said that would be fine and I should have no problem paying the new phone because I was in no way responsible for keeping my phone for six months. I am so mad now because I am not going to pay $200 for a new warranty. They took my money and now don't even give a refund. I was very annoyed with them and would not go back. I will not ever buy an electronic device again from them and definitely will not purchase anything from this company ever again.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Taz from Love the speed of my cell phone. Fast shipping. Great product.  in the mail I ordered a new device and in my order was a pre install guide for it  The guide was very clear and easy to follow  It installed flawlessly without any issues and I was extremely happy with the product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this doesn't work as advertised at all. After about a week it began to burn up on the USB port and would not charge any more. i tried many things and it still works. This was a good purchase but with the price point it just didn't work for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________ The only bad part of this product is the cheap battery they sell for this device. They say that you can recharge it up to 50 times but I've found the best way to recharge it is using my cell phone charger which I charge up once a week or even less. They did not do it right and the battery will last me a few days. Also it is very loud with the speakers they come with but I only have one headphone so it doesn't bother me too much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone, if you get a bad one you will get a worse one, if that's all you are interested in. It's a really good phone, it's just no where near as good as the one they are currently making for android.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Sony VTC-H500 a few years ago. It was a great camera.  One day while I was looking at the camera I found a dead battery. I went into the store and they found a defective charger and two defective batteries. The store took care of me in less than 24 hours and sent me a new charger, which was very fast considering the fact that it was a new camera. I'm very happy with the service. In the end I'm still using a Sony, but I'm hoping that in the future my battery will last a little bit longer. I was really bummed out that I had to throw away two cameras. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst purchase i have ever made. If you buy it, you can't return it or fix it. I purchased the wireless receiver in May 2015 to replace a broken one from an older model i had. I have never had a better idea. It is a perfect replacement for an old AppleTV that the new one replaced, and it works like a charm. When I got the new unit, I installed it myself. The manual for the new AppleTV is terrible. It doesn't tell you what to do if the device will not connect. You have to call Apple customer service. What is the point of calling Apple if they don't tell YOU the correct steps to fix the problem? When I tried to connect to the new wifi I got a connection on the old unit, but when I tried connecting to the old wifi on the new model, it wouldn't connect. The video was slow and sometimes wouldn't play at all. It was as if it couldn't even tell the new device it was supposed to be working with. If this is the only AppleTV out there, I guess they need to upgrade the entire line!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! this little baby goes for over $50.00 but is very poor quality!   It can't charge.   The light doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------ I had this item for 2 years and when I finally decided to get rid of it I realized that this thing is very, very, difficult to use. I found myself needing a special key on my phone to put the unit into sleep mode and then a key to get the phone to wake up and then another key for the phone wake back up. I eventually had to replace my whole phone because I broke one of the buttons on my cell phone. ------------------------  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Tactical 5.1 Channel 6-Position Micro Switch (Color: White) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Blog. Also, remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! The winner will be contacted via email.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the nv8000 for a while now and i've been very pleased with it but it has been hit or miss when it comes to getting any kind of power to it and its battery life. when it works it works very well but i have gotten used to having it plugged in at all times and i'm very annoyed when it doesnt work and im running out of battery after a couple of months and the only time i've switched out for a better one is when i go to charge it i want to charge in a public place like in the middle of a club when theres nobody around theres also no power so it doesnt charge on the charger no more power. so as you can see its not a problem of the device, its the charger itself. and i mean no complaints about the price though. just bad design of the charger as well.  Rated 1 out of 5 by TheOldHoe from Not great I was so excited to get this unit to use to watch movies and TV on my tv. What a disappointment. I was using it to watch a show and after 3 to 5 mins I would have to switch to the wireless screen. I didn't have the unit long enough to get to my house and had to go and get the wireless tv. Then I had to change it out to charge my phone and to power it back up. The whole process takes so long and I'm sure other's have experienced the same. I guess my point is if your expecting the best of the best, it won't. The wireless screen can be a huge help if you're like me and do a lot of watching on your pc. I just wish the charging wasn't so hard and if I could just keep it on longer it would have been amazing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The Samsung UN28E590C is a great electronic device. I like it a lot. It has all I need and I have been looking for an E-reader and it is the perfect size for a kid. It is not too big, it has a great display, great battery life and is super simple to use. I would highly recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the new ipod to replace my previous one and for the first two days of using the new one, I was using it as my mp3 player and music player. As soon as I put the new IPod in, it would not play. I had to turn it on. Then after a few minutes, it played again. And again. The playback seemed to go through every time. So I took it out, plugged it in again and still it would play but would not stop. I tried holding it in my hand and it would just play for a couple of seconds. So after that, I unplugged it and then when I took the box out of the box, all the tracks started to play. The quality of sound, the sound was good. The only downside, as I mentioned, is that the songs do not stop playing after playing for a short while. I was worried about that when I got it. That was the only issue I could find.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the tv for the past two years...no tv is worth its weight in gold...the samsung one works...but not this one.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Joe from Very good TV at a good price I bought this tv as a second TV to replace the LG one I got 2 years ago. I like the picture quality on the Samsung so I didn't really care much for the LG. This one has great picture quality. I haven't noticed any motion noise or any problems with input lag, I'm using it with blu-ray movies. I did try to get the S-Panel on there but didn't have much success so I have the 2.2 model. But overall I like this tv a lot, it has good picture quality for the money, and the remote works well.  in addition to the above I found the remote on the back of the TV to be very good and easy to use. I'm not an expert with an LG so I could be wrong but I do think they should add an IR blaster to the remote so you can control your tv with it while using it as a remote.  and if you're thinking about getting a hd tv get this one it is worth it and has everything you could possibly want.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years and it works great. ive been playing alot of games using it. but once its stopped on the last game i played, it stopped working.  i have a pc with windows 7. and when i put the disc into the drive, its not detected.  ill be using the pc for all of my games for now. i would never buy this product again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my third electronic device, which all broke within the same year and a half. The first two are a $500 laptop and a $100 smart phone. All of my personal electronics, including my phone, have been replaced at least once, so i'm not even mad about my new phone breaking.  No, the bad news is that the battery on this one has only lasted 2 months. If the battery doesn't last any longer, I will return it and get a new one.   It works but it takes forever to do anything.   a month ago........................................................................................................................... I have been looking for something that would help me stay in touch with family, but all my friends and family don't have a cell phone and I have always had trouble getting texts, calls, or email messages from them. My cell phone company doesn't have any of these services available either. So what do I do? Well, I bought a new iPod Touch, but the battery life on that thing is so horrible that I end up buying a new battery for it each month. I can use it for a few minutes, but after that, it dies and I get the heck out of there. My iPhone 6S doesn't even last 5 minutes, so I'm just going to return it. You can't get a good battery life from a phone unless you have a lot of money. If you can get 3-5 days out of a cell battery, you will be happy, but don't expect to get any more than that. I think these are great for a weekend project. I don't mind using them on my motorcycle, but they don't work very well as primary phones for the rest of the day. I've been a big fan of this phone because it has excellent battery life. It's pretty cool that you can do this on your bike. But for normal people who want to use it every day, I think the phone companies have a huge marketing budget to sell their phones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________ 1. __________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________ _______________________ 2. ____________________ ______________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product was great for one thing...putting the receiver in and out of the car....but the buttons are a pain in the butt to use as they are very hard to press.   I'm sure they will work fine, but be prepared to pay for the extra $50 in parts.  The antenna, as shown in the photo, isn't all that good.  In order to get the antenna to stay attached to the receiver, you have to turn it upside down in order to make sure that the cable is still attached to its connector.  This is especially frustrating if the antenna is in an area that is very hard on your car's antennas.  My advice:  Buy a $20 radio antenna.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years now and the last 3 times i use it to watch tv it goes dead in 30 sec. not just "not plugged in" dead but it will not power on at all, the whole screen blacked out with no input on it. i've tried re-installing it but that only brings it back to it's regular functioning. i don't have a choice in buying another model. i can't believe all of these negative reviews. ive used mine for 4 years and have never had this happen.  If it does not work correctly, please get it repaired or replaced by a reputable company.  The device is not even an improvement over what I had. I was very happy with this model. But I had no idea that it was not functioning correctly. I've tried several times to get the TV to work again and it is still on the same set up. My experience with LG has been good so far and I will continue to buy from them.   In addition, the customer service has not been very good. They seem to have little experience when it comes to repairing defective items. "Great TV"  by Anonymous on Monday, May 5, 2018  I am a tech-support for LG products. This unit, though not the "highest performing" model, is still a great TV. It has a great picture, fast enough that I was able to get a decent signal on it, and great speakers. The sound was very loud. The only issue I have with this unit is that it has a very poor black level calibration. The black level is very close to the middle. You cannot get it to be a full 1/2 or 3/4 black. You will need to use the dark room method to get this set up correctly. You can do it with a spectrophotometer, or it can be done with a TV calibration tool, but you have to use it correctly.   A little bit of advice for the TV is not to use LG's TV calibration or set up program. It was a pain to use and the results were not the results I was expecting. It does a good job with the white and black levels, but the black is not calibrated right, and the picture is very dark. :)  What do i get for the price?  Reviewer: nathan on Thursday, May 1, 2018 This is a great tv, has great picture and great
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery is bad and after 2 or 3 days the battery is not charging   Its a bad device, I would return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  It does not work - I tried many times to make a connection, I even got two of my friends to test it out for me. It says it will connect to the Internet and then it simply disconnects. I have tried everything I can think of. I even used a laptop with a modem. All I can do is turn it off and restart it. My friends have the exact same problem, and even after we tried everything to solve it. We thought the problem was solved when we bought a new phone but it still disconnects every time we do something.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I own a Sony Vaio, and I am very pleased with it. I have had several different Sony models, and they are all very good, but this one is the worst I have ever owned. The sound is very poor, and there is a ton of static/noise, even on the highest volume setting. The pictures are all poor too. I can't give it 5 stars because the noise/static makes it unusable. And it is a bad value! --------------  I was skeptical about the Sony Vaiaon, but after much thought, I have to say this is my first Vaio and it has been a wonderful experience. The overall performance is excellent, I really don't have anything bad to say. The speakers are loud, and the sound is clear and immersive. The only negative I have about the Vaio is the battery life. I always use it at night, with no internet. The battery seems to last around 4-5 hours, but I usually leave it plugged in all the time. If I'm on the go I leave it on a charging dock in the office. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a Vaio alternative. I'd give it a 5 star rating, but a 5.8 if they would include the charging dock. --------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s, good features, no audio, poor screen and design.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 27, 2015  Good Product  by Peter from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: Lightweight  Cons: Nothing  Review: Good product.   The screen has good quality. It is responsive to changes and has a very clean and simple look. The device is lightweight and the battery life is decent. This is a good product for the money. , October 25, 2014  Great Product!  By C.H. from  Comfortable to use. .  at all! . I like how small it is.  of course I was worried the screen might not fit into my phone case.  The case holds the phone really well, and the screen is very clear, so I'm a happy camper.  an  It does what it was designed to do.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit for about a year now, i did it with both my laptop and my tv. but since it was just a cable and i dont really need it it was cheap. i was expecting it to do more but i got this, and it just stopped working when i plugged it in, i tried to charge it with my usb and it didnt even get to 1%. i am really disappointed in this product. the cable wasnt even made by hdmi, and hdminer is the manufacturer. i hope hd mini does not have problems with this one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The item came in 3 days, and it worked perfectly when I first plugged it in.   I love how easy it is to set it up!   It doesn't have to be hooked up to a computer and it can be used to create files! 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was so hard to get going that the second time I tried it, the sound stopped working (the unit was in my room). I had to use it in my dorm room and the sound kept on going. Sound quality:  The speakers are very loud and they have good bass. There are plenty of inputs and the volume is nice, and you can set the sound to any music you want. The only problem I had with it was that it started to vibrate and the power button was also too far away. Price:    This is a great deal. The unit is very easy to use and you get a lot of different models. Overall:  This unit was a fun, easy, and cheap way to listen to music in your room. I would recommend this device to anyone who wants to listen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the bluetooth keyboard for about a year now, and it is a horrible keyboard, it gets sticky on my keyboard, and has constant buzzing noise. it is like a toy to me.   Also the trackball is not the greatest trackball I have ever used, but it has enough buttons.  by KJ HARRIS on 09/15/2012 byon 09/23/2012 " I bought this keyboard about a month ago and used it in a computer. I found the mouse was too small for the size of the keyboard so I added a usb keyboard to it and it fit perfect.   is it good or bad? its not bad its just not as good as the big name brand i use   PROS: -its got everything you need for typing.   to program it you need a computer   CONS: -mouse doesnt match the size, but its a cheap usb one with no key caps so its not a problem   good for what its supposed to do if you want a cheap keyboard that does everything
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    So far, the battery is great, but the software is not up to par, the speakers are loud, but are weak. Other than that, great device.    Great product but the firmware is a bummer  by Richard H. on 11/16/2013 byon 11/ the product works great   my computer is on an ethernet cable from the factory and this was a great upgrade  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my digital recorder for about 5 years now and it just doesnt work as good as i thought it would. i have tried different apps and firmware updates, and ive noticed that the sound always sounds like it is out of tune with the music i am recording. theres also the issue that the batteries get dead a few months later and it becomes very annoying to set the device up. it also does not have a built in SD card slot. ive seen several youtube videos showing theres an app for this device and theres nothing on that app. i think it is time to go back to analog tape and have a big old analog tape deck.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about zZounds Airsoft ZX200 Professional Digital Audio Recording Microphone for M4 / M16 Series Airsoft AEG (Color: Black) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! /r/M4A1 and M4A2 Carbine Version Questions Ask a question about this Evike Custom M4 Airsoft Rifle AEG with ZZounds for M16 / M4 Carbine. Ask a new question  Add to My Favorites Add to My Vanity  Subscribe to My Feed
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year. It works great. I used it for a few hours with my phone to transfer pictures from my computer to my phone. It took a bit of work to get it to work though, and the device is really small. It would work better for me if the usb port was on the top and the usb cable was on one side. I don't know why i got it because it was on sale for only $4.99. The device is pretty cool, but I wouldn't want to carry around a $50 device like this just for photos. I just dont think that the photo transfer process is that impressive.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very good product but there is a catch. The software is all broken. I purchased the 3.0 version. I got it yesterday and it is not working yet. I am still not sure what it is because I have already checked it and made sure it is working properly. I have read all the other reviews and I see no one saying what the issue is. The only thing the other people seem to have a problem with is that the battery door is a little weak and the plastic is a bit flimsy so it opens. I had this exact problem when I purchased my original iPhone but I fixed it. I wish Apple would make a fix to the software. The new iPhone seems to be the best looking of them all!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 28, 2011  Works well  by Andrew from Tualatin WA USA  Pros: works very well - easy to install  Cons: doesn't come with a case.   Was it helpful to you to report this review?  Yes No Tuesday the 13th of August 2012  works great  Review by Jeff from Lakeland FL USA  The only reason i gave it a four is because i didn't get to download the upgrade software. Was really pleased with this unit. Works as advertised.  Great purchase  Reviewer: David from USA.  and they work great in my car. . The battery door also locks into place with no tools.  the one thing i wish i would have purchased was an extension cable to install this in the side of my car.  I really like this product  Reviewed by Mark from California. USA  I ordered this product on line and the online website was very confusing. I called them to help me and they had no idea about it. So they took my order online and told me the price but after I bought it they said it was out of stock. I was very disappointed,  i ordered this thing a year ago and now it's out of production. , 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is horrible. The battery life is terrible. It would last about an hour and a half before having to turn it off and on again. I would buy a different device if i could find one. I could buy a 3 pack of AA's for 1/3 the price. I can't even stand the taste of this thing. I had to throw it out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen was not good. The colors were off, there is no way I can see a thing on it except for white and the text is very small and hard to read. The audio was very loud, and the phone has a very low mic, just don't recommend using it for the purpose you bought it for. I ended up leaving the screen off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been waiting to purchase this product for over a year. The sales reps I have contacted haven't returned my calls, and I am still waiting. It seems as if my best option for getting this item is to buy it on Amazon and then use this blog to sell it. I don't know if this is good for an author, but this is not good for a consumer.   Beats my iBook and Beats my MacBook. I got tired of dealing with Apple, now I can write on the go with this.  My rating:  Purchased: April 7, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this in a very large box for about $100.  It is well designed and works well, but after installing it (in a very cramped office) on the desk, it has become very noisy.    If I put it in my bedroom where it is easily accessible and I don't know if it is being plugged in or not.    After a couple of days of using it, it was a real annoyance to my coworkers.  I have been working from home for a long time now, so I don t have much money to spend on equipment.  But I just do not want to go through all the trouble of returning it.  It is definitely worth more than the $100 that I bought it for, but maybe it just needs a better design. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I love my iPhone 4. I was very disappointed with the iLok. First of all, it does not work in my car. I tried to put it in the dash of my car, and it only took half a second for it to fail and pop out. My car has a very cool dash, and I don't want my iLoks to get in the way of that. I had to make my car a "trunk" for the iLab to work in the car, since my car isn't a trunk. I also have to get a car mount for it, because the i Lab's are designed to go in the trunk.   But, on a positive note, this is a great product. My daughter got one of these for her phone and she loves it.   Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix iPLok for.45 ACP with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Custom Shop page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  of 0 Customer Reviews very nice and durable great product, fast shipping  , rated 5.0 out of 5 by 2 customers.  Good purchase I bought this to have iLOK's to go over my shotgun that has the 2.4 inch barrel, i wish i had read reviews before i bought it. I found that the i-Lok does not fit perfectly in the shotgun tube, the i lok is too big and the end of the tube is pushed right into the barrel of the shotgun so i had to use rubber band to hold it in place and that only works on one side of the barrel. The rubber bands do not last very long so it would be good if i could get a better fitting rubber band. Other than that i am very happy with my purchase, i am using it over the shotgun that it is mounted to over my 12 gauge pump to use it over it. the gun will shoot much better with i loks over the shotguns and the i i-loks fit very well over the pump.  I love it I have used this i-kit with a few different guns. I love the way that they are made. I bought a couple and they hold up very well. I use them to keep a shotgun and a pistol in the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________ The new Dell Inspiron I5-3360M laptop is a great, high performing laptop for $300. I was skeptical about the new model as I have the newer I7-3520M and like it more. I thought the I5 would be slower but I was wrong. I have had it now for a couple weeks and use it almost everyday, even doing some video editing, and there is almost no difference in the operation and the battery life. The sound is very clear and crisp. I read a lot of reviews about this laptop and I'm glad I decided to get this instead of the I7 for now. It is a good laptop for the money.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this before. a cheap one from walmart. this was a cheap knock off. so cheap! i have to clean this device more than I thought. i have had it a week and it is still dirty. i will never buy this again. the only reason i gave it two stars is the fact that the buttons are smooth. the plastic is cheap and does not feel well made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ A few years ago, my brother got the "Giant" for his "Tomb Raider" set for Christmas. It was the first time my brother bought a game with a controller, and he absolutely loved it. He played the game for several hours, then took the controller and went to watch a movie. I started the game and he died. I was horrified and had no idea what to do. I called a friend of mine and he told me to go back to the store to try and get a replacement controller. He told me I could return it for a refund but there was a limit of 2 replacement controllers per customer. I didn't know what to think. I took the game back and got a new controller that day. This has been the most annoying, frustrating experience I have had with any electronic device in my life. I hope that at least one other person finds this review useful. I really enjoyed my experience with this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The unit is not designed for gaming, but it is very good for home.   In my opinion, it is much better than the other units I have.  A little more power would be appreciated for a desktop monitor.  I got this for my wife's computer but it was not as good as I hoped. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for less than a week and i can say its the worst electronic device i have ever owned. every thing it is an a.m. battery that goes dead within 20 min and when you turn it on its almost like when you first get it its not working and you have to plug it in and it wont turn on at all. ive read about this issue and people say that they can use it for months and then it will die again but its not a problem to me since i get a usb drive and its ok that its just a.c. for me. ilya from california on 4/18/2017 2 of 2 people found the following review helpful: Great little device By: Raul from Texas on 5/1/2017 5 of 5 people found their review helpful  Write a positive review about something that's not so great By: Alex from Houston on 3/20/2017 3 of 3 people found  Good I got one of these for my wife, I really like it. It charges fast and is easy to use. It is compact and light, not too bulky and works well in my laptop bag  Read all reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    1. This thing is loud. It's so loud I can hear a pin drop.   2. I had to buy a power supply to get it to work at all. I can't even put this thing into sleep mode. I'm using it to listen to music and when I turn it on the music will be very loud. I've heard it on a stereo when I'm asleep and I have to turn it off when I wake up. It has been the best investment I've made yet.   the only thing I don't like is that the plastic is very fragile. it breaks easily if I drop it, or even if I pick it up and move it around. The case feels like it will break easily as well. So, I'll stick to my Beats Pill+   I would highly recommend this to someone who is interested in buying something to use with a mobile device but is afraid to buy anything else for fear of being disappointed or a bad experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a raspberry pi 3 for about a month. it works well, but one thing i have found to be annoying is that when using it to stream a video, the video does not stream at the same speed. it is slow and choppy. it also does not work with chromecast. so i have to get my videos from my computer. i also have an xbox one, but it has been slow. i would recommend to buy an ethernet cable to keep it online.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mark from Very poor quality. I would highly recommend only to those who plan to stream video, music, or photos. I have owned a Logitech G400 mouse, a Logisys webcam, a mouse pad, a wireless usb adapter, a laptop, and an ethercell phone charger. But it is very disappointing that I bought this product thinking it would be a great add-on to my own computer. This thing has no usb port and it has a very poor tracking. And when you try to connect it to a computer it will not recognize the computer, even if it is in the exact same room. -Mark  From the review: Pros: works with both mac and linux, great camera, and a good price Cons: low resolution video and mouse lag.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my dad when he was having issues with his phone and it was working great, but when it came to switching to his new Samsung S3, it would keep rebooting. The phone would say "System error" for no reason and then come back to "OK". I had to take it in for repair but when they fixed the problem, the phone didn't work again. They replaced it anyway and it started working. I didn't want to buy a new phone and have to go to a store to fix it again so I returned it to them. It still didn't fix the problem but worked fine on my Galaxy S3. Then it started getting hot and my screen was turning off and on. I took it in again for a refund but when I got it back, it was damaged and the battery was dead. I'm pretty upset about this but I'm still very happy with the product!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this from Walmart because my wife had one. She loves it and works well. However, it gets the job done, but it is so hard to put in the car that I need to remove the front part of the computer case to get it in. Also, it seems very heavy to carry around.   The buttons are a little hard to press at first, but get easier. I love it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! - It has a weird light that goes on/off when you hold it. It gets on every time, it doesn't even have an power button, I think it was designed by some 12 year old, not well...Read complete review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have a Samsung S4, and this has a tendency to give a very loud and obnoxious buzz everytime it is turned on, even after setting it off in my office for 3 years and cleaning the battery.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is useless and the price has gone up. So we bought two of these and both worked perfectly fine. When we took them apart it was apparent they were a two button unit. We did find some old "old" ones. The other thing I didn't know is the battery was the same, so the first battery in each unit had to have an additional battery. I have found batteries for a couple of other devices now so it doesn't seem to be an issue now. I don't know if it is my unit or not. All in all a good little electronic device. Pros Great price Cons  not much use
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This does not have a way to save or copy text on my e-book reader. I can't e-mail a note to someone and then print it out or save it on my computer and save it later. I use the software to send out text messages from my phone to people, and sometimes my phone doesn't have a lot of battery life. This is a real pain in the ass to use on a computer where I want to save everything I send. I'm returning this item.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Easy to Use I bought this to use for a paper/e-book class I'm teaching. The software is very easy to use. It has no learning curve to it. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had this device for a couple of years and never really liked it. The buttons are so close together, and they are tiny. They feel like you are clicking on a door that doesn't really exist, which makes it very frustrating when you are trying to write with it. I would prefer a larger buttons so that I can more easily type and then click the keyboard, but at least it's easy to remove.   The battery life is good, but you have to keep the pen in a specific position so it doesn't get tangled up with the battery and then it won't charge. I'm hoping that it's going to get better with a few more years of use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been a happy customer since 2008... but i purchased the Apple iPhone 4S today, and im VERY DISAPPOINTED at the battery life and the sound is so bad i cant even listen to my mp3's anymore... not to mention it doesnt have a usb port so if your using a bluetooth keyboard, its a really bad idea to buy this one...   Ive been through several smartphones from apple... i was happy with my iphone 4 before i upgraded to the iph4s...     Now, ive been buying this iPhone 4 for over 2 years, and have a few accessories... and i can finally say it works ok, but the battery is just horrible... its just not long enough to get through a full day of use... so i have to go out and charge it for a half day, and then go in again for another half day. i have had it for 2 weeks and it hasnt gotten any better...   Ive been trying to find the perfect replacement, and can not find one at this price point... im thinking of buying an iphon... but it wont cost me anything, im just gonna use it till it dies... but at this point, it isnt worth it.   if i can give the ive had it a 9 out of 10, its because of the battery... the problem is the sound and the screen doesnt last long enough...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________  I bought this to replace the broken iPad 2. It works great as advertised. The only issue is that the headphone jack is very flimsy, and i can tell it will fall out in a short period of time.   Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Phantom Airforce Air System 2-Inch Airsoft M4 Battery for M4 AEG with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike: Tips, Tricks and Reviews page.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I have used a KX300 for about 3 years. I would not use it again. This has happened to me over and over. The screen goes dark then it just shuts off. It is not a hardware issue but an application problem. It takes so long to load and then takes so much time to get on line again.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Lancer 3 Color Mechanical Keyboard for Windows PCs (Color: Gun Metal) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Facebook page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways! -Gary, MN
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was able to replace the screen in my laptop by ordering this item from eBay. I tried this thing, it's not working. The thing does NOT WORK at ALL!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, April 30, 2008  Good deal  by James from New Orleans, LA USA  Review: Good deal. I would have paid twice as much just for the screen.  The screen is ok but if you're using a touch screen the touch screen is way easier to use.  on my iphone 4.  it also did not come with any extra screws so i had to find them. , this time I have no worries.  the only thing i don't like about it is how it seems it doesn't like to power off and on which is annoying when you're traveling and only have a charger. I have an iphon 4. I had to take the phone with me because it would no longer connect to the airplane and so I had the old model I have used all my life.   I really wanted this item but if this is a problem it is still a good buy for the price.    Was the Review Helpful.   of all the things I've seen that are made to be portable you'd think this one would be the best. In my opinion it's a great buy. There's not much to say about it except that it is very light and well made. . I like that it has a micro usb port.  is it a good product? Yes. It works well but it can get lost. -by Anonymous  It has the same problem as the Samsung Galaxy Nexus  "I bought this for my son who has a Galaxy Nexus phone. The screen gets really hot and is very hard to touch. This works but you have to keep the phone upside down. My son is very pleased with this product but I didn't get it because the screen is just so hard to use and very expensive. The back part of the phone seems to get stuck if you turn it upside down."  This model seems to be a better fit for the Galaxy Nexus.  of all of the things i have seen that use usb the this one is my favorite. I am going to buy another. I did the best I could to get it and I will tell everyone that you must buy this to make the Galaxy nordics work on this
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only negative that I can think of is that I couldn't hear my microphone through the audio jack. It seemed to get a little muffled, but it's the only issue I can see. If it were $15.00 it would be worth the money. I don't believe in taking products for granted, and I still remember to purchase all the products I use on a regular basis. I'm sure I'll be using this microphone for many years to come.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got an iphone iphony 4th generation iphona iphones are just a mess on the inside iphonodream iphono iphoni is not a decent product at all iphonicone ive had my iphonics for almost a year now iphonia iphonedea iphoney iphonestown iphoneweb
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for about a month now and it never works. i bought it as a gift for my husband who has had his laptop replaced. i thought it was just a fluke. when he tried it out a few days ago i realized he was right. the buttons and the touchpad were dead. he brought it back to the store and they were able to bring out a replacement for him with a warranty. i really dont know what they could have done different. this company is a joke.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying for about a year to figure out what happened to my samsung cell phone that i just bought from Best Buy. i bought it for my fiance and it was in amazing shape, i always thought that it was some great investment. i had been using it daily since it was purchased and i was very happy. today my phone was completely dead. it was dead on me when i went to go to work and they told me that the battery was dead and i just gave it back. i just don't think that i could get a better deal anywhere else in the world.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I would recommend a good battery, if you are using it a few times a day. The battery life was about 6 hours, which was good if i have to charge it every few hours.   Was this review helpful? Yes No  5 of 5 people found the following review helpful: Excellent product but the charger sucks Was this review useful? Yes Yes  Thank you for your review!   Reviewer: E. W. (Florida) - February 13, 2015  I love this portable charger! It is easy to use and it is extremely efficient. I am pleased with the quality and the design of it! I have also used the wireless USB charger but this one is much easier to use.  Reviewer. P. (USA) - December 26, 2014  This is the most efficient charger I have used. I was using the old chargers with the 5.5 volt charger, and this one has a 1.5 amp rating, and I'm now able to charge a 4S battery with a 3.5A (so about 9 hours of full charge) and with it's built in USB charging it's also easy to switch from a desktop charger to it. The only problem I have had is the charger itself has a very loud motor as well as a little buzz. Other than that this is a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device works perfectly for about 30-50 minutes and then it fails. I would recommend avoiding it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 25, 2013  Works Well  by John from South Carolina  Pros: Works as expected  Cons: Couldn't get the charging port to work.  to the top  Review: We have an old CRT TV and were replacing it with a new one. It didn't work properly with the older unit. The new unit worked perfectly. .  is the only word that can describe it.   Was This Review Helpful? Yes Yes Tuesday, April 17, 2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is a total pain in the butt, its hard to find the correct input to use on my ipad pro. It takes forever for it to sync up with my ipod. I have had it since i bought it in july, it still works fine but there are times where it gets really slow or doesn't connect, but other than that its a great device and has always been perfect for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Great quality, but it is heavy. It is a little more awkward than the other models because of its placement in the computer. A little smaller, and it would be easier to hold in both hands.  Rated 5 out of 5 by A from Good product. I use this product at work to connect the printer to the desktop via USB. The only downside is that it is much more heavy than I would have expected. However, it works very well and I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a little over a week and it is dead on arrival. ive had the screen go blank every other day. if i leave it unplugged its fine for a few hours. theres another one in the house now that is still alive and kicking and working. one more reason to get something that actually works. i wouldnt recommend this phone for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! You need to invest in a good keyboard.  This keyboard doesn't give me any joy at all, not even a little. I was going to give this product 5 stars because it is great but it just doesn't work. My computer doesn't have a working sound card, so I had to buy a new keyboard. So for $80, I would have gotten a quality keyboard. But for $150, I have to stay with this keyboard. The keys don't act like a real keyboard at all! I have my laptop connected to the computer via a keyboard and mouse, and when I type on this keyboard, the computer acts as if it was connected to a USB keyboard. It's terrible!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s was not the best phone I have ever owned. The screen is just awful and the design is horrid. After replacing it with a new phone and looking at it through all the different camera's and accessories I would say that it is one of the worst phones I have owned. I have seen people replace it with another one and I don't know if it is the model or if they have another one but they come out so much better than mine.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________   1. Too much juice  2. No screen  3. Battery is weak   If you are on the hunt for a good electronic device that is easy to use. This is a great deal and will definitely last for a while. Just be careful if you do not like the screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The original idea behind this device was good and well thought out. When I got the computer, I plugged it in to power and then to the wall outlet. This worked great. Then I tried to plug it in and the cord came out and snapped off. After I contacted Apple about this, I was told that this is an assembly defect.  I had been reading about this product and decided to order it. This product did exactly what I thought it would. It worked for about 6 months, but after that, I had to get a new power cord. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________ I purchased these speakers because i was having trouble with the volume on my ipod 3g which was a dvi. I am a music lover and i use it a lot. The speakers are well made and do sound good. I have no problems at all with it. However, it has an issue with volume. When the volume is up or down on the dvi, the speaker does not make any sound. My ipod sounds just like it should. I'm not very good at talking so i dont know what the issue is. It would be helpful if it were not for the volume issue. I would not recommend this device to anyone but if you are a music player and have a dvd player, get the ipods.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had my Epson Stylus Inkjet Printer for a year, and I am extremely happy with it. I have printed on several different printers, and all have failed. I was excited to get my Epprsprinter because it has been working great on the job, and is extremely quiet. I had planned to use it to create and edit video games and the movie I am working on now.   So far, I have used it to print out a bunch of posters for the project. They are in great shape. I've only had a little trouble with it getting into the "on position". It took the first time I had to manually move it out of the way and re-position it. It was very annoying at first, but after doing a couple of test prints, I was able to figure out how to get it into the position I wanted.  .   in addition to that, I haven't had a problem with the paper quality at all. The quality of my prints is far better than what I have experienced in my last 3 other printers. The paper is easy to use. I like how it cuts, too. I just keep pressing down until it is cut.  - If you are using this for games, get a good quality printer, like the ones I use. There are better options out there, but for games you should buy a good printer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This was the only one I bought from Apple. -------------- I used this for my iPod. ------------- It just didn't work. ------------ -------------- -I have to buy the new iPhone 5 every 6 months or I can't afford it. --------------- --------------  More
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a yamaha nm30g for about 2 years. its really great and sounds great. but i just received a new yamalynn. it looks, sounds, and feels like it was made yesterday. so i think i will be changing the nm 30g soon. its a big loss.  great portable speaker This speaker is very well made and is very good for the price. Its quiet and the volume is good. Only thing is i wish its a little brighter so that you can hear voices.  the only thing i would change is the volume. , it sounds amazing.  for the money. .  and the sound quality is very impressive as it should be.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We used this device for about a month and the only reason it is on the negative side is the fact that the batteries are very cheap and break after 6 months of use and it is still only rated for up to 5 hours of battery life.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device :  It is an amazing device and it has great features. I am glad I bought it, but the battery is only good for 4 hours of use. So you have to be careful to keep the batteries in the right place because the batteries can get in the way and not give enough battery life to charge the device. .  on July 07, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    - - -  I have been using the same laptop for over a decade. My first one was a HP Compaq 3530. I purchased the Dell XPS 15 9530.   This is the first laptop that has not worked since I installed Windows 8.1.  My son bought a new one but the same problem.  - – - 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This was my first wireless mouse and i never bought any other brand. When i received it it was just not working. I gave it to my friend to try it out and he said it was the exact same problem. So i did a Google search on this product and found that there was not that many reviews on here on how to get it working again. So after doing a little bit of searching i found the best place for the product in my opinion. I will definitely be back for the rest of my wireless mice
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought one of these because I was having problems with a laptop. I couldn't get it to boot up. The thing was so bad that it was on the edge of a table. The battery died. The software is so bad! I can't use my phone with it. The screen is so small. The memory sucks! It's the best device of its kind, but there are far better. This is one that you should buy, but you won't be happy. I bought 2 of these and one went bad within weeks. I did use it one night for a month on a movie, but my friend and I had a great time doing it, so I let it go. The second one I bought lasted 1 month, the battery was good, and it worked great. I even tried to use it on the computer for a few minutes and the screen would go blank and then just reboot again, and then I would see the login screen. The first time this happened it was bad as all hell but it has only happened twice. After trying to put it together, it just wouldn't turn on. It just went straight into standby. The only thing I do with it is watch youtube videos and use the browser. I can use the keyboard and mouse and the webcam at the same time. I'm not sure what happened to it and I don't think I will get a new one. I'd have to get a repair for that one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After owning this computer for about a week and a half, I've found it to be the single worst purchase I've ever made.  The monitor is broken, the memory card slot is broken (not the worst thing ever, but very annoying), the usb ports are broken (very annoying), and the keyboard is a terrible keyboard.  in the worst example, the keyboard has been used for several weeks to type this review, and typing this review it seems I'm making a mistake in typing it. : The monitor is broke, the card slot has been broken (the worst), the keyboard isn't very good. and the usb port is bad. The keyboard is great for a laptop. 's  I also have a Toshiba laptop (with a very high end cpu) that runs much more cool and quiet. -  : I bought this because it was the cheapest computer on ebay. I got it from a very old computer store and it came with Windows XP, which was pretty old back then. It is really slow and slow to load things, especially windows. The screen is tiny. I've been using it for about 2 days, and after that I've run out of battery. I will be buying another one.  to many other problems in one piece.  I hate this computer. I hope they can make it faster or something, cause I have wasted way too much money. (by mike)  - : I was very disappointed in the Acer Aspire V3-771G-75POC.  a decent system for the money  (review of free book) , (review of amazon.com) . The screen is really tiny and the laptop looks great but the performance is terrible and the screen has no picture quality. If I don't want to waste money on a Windows laptop, I recommend the Acer V7-392G-55T or the Dell Vostro 16t. 2 out of 2 found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The first two times I bought this I thought the battery was broken. It was. Not anymore. I had to re-install it. The battery has been fine for almost a year. No need for the charger as the device never loses power. The sound is horrible with the battery in, the sound is amazing when it's running.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! If I had known this would have been in my kit, I would never have bought this thing! Soooooo... I get the same "no sound" when a device is plugged into the audio jack, but if it's not plugged in, it works fine. I thought the plug was in a different location so it would work with other headphones. It works fine with my ATH-M50x, but the "cannot hear anything" is definitely there. I'm not sure if it was defective, or if it has been tampered with since I received it, but I wouldn't trust it with my $1000+ headphones. If it worked with my M50x I would have given it 5 stars, but it works with M50xx and only in one channel. I have a Bose QC 35 which also does not work in the headphones. My Bose works flawlessly with the QC 35 in my A20 and A40. So no wonder this one is "just OK".  Style of earbuds: I prefer the look and the simplicity of the buds. The sound quality is also very good. They also work fine with headphones like the Sony MDR-7506 and the V-MODA M-90.  Quality: The buds are good and the construction is very good too. The cable is also a good cable too. It is not a plug, but a mini-usb connector. If you have a problem, this will be easy to replace with a plug.  it's a bit hard to use with the headphones, but they are quite comfortable and you can hold them very comfortably.  "Great product" by Paul from Florida I love these buds. I really love the fact that you can plug it in on any of the 2 earbud type plugs. I bought a pair of Sony M1000's but I've used these since they came out and they are very comfortable, and sound good too (not as good as the M1000, but much better than the Sony's). The only problem is, when the buds are not plugged into your headphones, you can hear the sound a little bit... I've heard that the reason this is is because the buds aren't made to work with all the different headphones... but when you plug in them, you should be able to hear everything perfectly. That is the only problem I have had with them, and if it sounds better than it does plugged into headphones,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________ A month or so ago I bought a new phone, a LG LN20. My first impression of the phone was that I needed to have two hands free to operate it, but the phone worked very well on one hand, just not well enough for a day-to-day usage. The first two weeks of use, I had to put down the phone in order to use the computer to send an email, check a weather report, etc. I also have a large screen laptop and a small phone, so I couldn't really use the LN 20 as an e-reader. Also, it's a nice phone, but I wish that there was a way to disable the auto-rotate feature on it when it's not in landscape mode, like there is on the Nexus S. ______________________________________________________________  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The device is very unreliable in some situations. I think that it should have been a little more robust. The product does have some issues but the issue is really that the product is unreliable. I tried to use the unit for several months, and after that the units did not work. In the future I will keep the unit but I would not trust it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for 2 years, it was my only one, ive lost 3 phones, i dont know what to do because ive never had problems, but i'm going to get a new one now because its just a bad design, the design is just terrible  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: aplusworldwide
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The battery is in great condition and the light is great! BUT the button is very cheap and has a horrible clicking sound. I will be returning the light to the store!!! I'll probably return the whole light. The battery life is good I guess. But the poor quality of the button really breaks my heart. I thought it was great until I tried it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I'm very disappointed with this watch. I have always wanted an E-reader, and had been using the Kindle Fire, and the Nook Simple Touch. --------------------------- The display on this watch is awful. The color was almost all off, and even after reading at night, I had to have a fresh new one and read it again, it's as if the screen had been printed. --------------- I have an Apple watch and it is even better. It has a nice large and easy to read display, and is so much better than this. ------------- I have to wonder why the developers didn't think about this before releasing the app, when my friends at work and friends of friends are already using this watch and love it! ------------- As a teacher I am very disappointed, as I wanted a wrist watch with a very quick screen, for showing in class or at work, without looking for a different watch, and being able to read more easily. -------------- I just bought this watch so I can try it out before I pay for an expensive one. ------------ I don't like the interface on this app at all, and not as accurate as my iPhone.  -------------- ------------- -------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for my son because he loves this game! He gets tired of playing this game when his friends come over! The only problem I've found is with the sound quality. At first I thought the speakers were terrible, but after I turned down the volume on my headphones and turned on some music the sound is fine. The sound is not the best but this isn't the main reason I am not giving this a 5 star rating. The only other bad thing I found is that the battery is pretty weak, I can't seem to make it last a whole day! I would recommend getting the battery charger so it lasts a few days.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one of these for about two years and it was the most horrible piece of crap I have ever owned! It has always died or has to be taken apart, no matter how hard I have tried to make it work. I have owned it so many times because I have to put up with the constant buzzing sound. It is the worst thing ive ever owned, and its one of the main reasons why i am glad i dont have kids. It makes my whole house buzzing at night and its terrible! Its terrible in every way possible. If they were making such a good product you would want it to last forever! I know a lot of people complain about the noise of this thing, but it really only bothers me when I dont have my kids to listen to it! The other night i was so tired that I couldnt sleep and heard a bunch of noise coming from my bedroom. I opened the bedroom door and heard the damn thing right at the top of the stairwell! I then went and took the thing apart and realized that all my wires were in the wrong positions, the batteries were completely fried and it looked like it had died. I would never buy another one of those.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am currently using this bluetooth headset to listen to the podcasts I am listening to via my computer. Unfortunately, it is the worst bluetooth headphone I have ever heard in my life. The sound quality is horrible. The volume is not adjustable (you can change it on the website). It has an auto stop feature that when you turn it off, it turns the sound off. And finally, its a bad charger. One minute it is charging, the next minute it goes dead. This is not a good headset for the price. I was very happy with my previous bluetooth headsets, but this one is not worth it.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a Nook Color Nook Touch and it works great. I bought the Nook reader and then later got the Kindle for my Kindle Fire. Both work great. My problem is that my Kindle can read the book but it does not read it very well. The photos are great but the text is horrible. I did not expect this problem. I had to read the page over and over. It was so bad that I had a hard time taking out my old ebook reader and buying another one. I returned my Kindle and will not be buying another Kindle. It took my patience to read this book. The reader is very slow and has some issues. I like my Kindle better because the screen is easier to read.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device is an excellent buy and should be replaced, but I think that you have to be extremely careful when changing the battery. When I first got this thing, I set up my home office. The keyboard is very quiet and no one is likely to use this thing when I am away. However, the next morning I woke up, went to the bathroom, and opened the device up to put on some headphones and the noise level was very loud. This was the first time that I've ever heard my sound come through the back of the device when I plugged it into an amplifier. I did everything right to set it up properly, and then my new laptop (not that great) woke up from sleep and started to play a song when I wasn't looking. This had me convinced I was about to lose my precious phone.   Posted by David at 11:07 AM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this tablet at the recommendation of my tech buddy. I have only had it for two days and have had to reset it. So far, it works fine. I don't know if the tablet is defective or not but it is a good tablet for the price. I do not know how I am going to use this tablet. It is too expensive to make me use it every day.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, September 20, 2017  Good Tablet for the Money  by Daniel from Las Vegas NV USA  Pros: Price  Cons: Display is a little dim  Review: I've used this on my Surface Pro 4 and I was very pleased with it. It's a very good price for a good device. The screen is not very bright but the display works great.  it is bright enough for doing web browsing and reading.  as for the tablet. I'd say it's a good choice for a quick phone/tablet.  on the downside, there is a very minor display issue.  to me, it's barely noticeable.    Was it helpful? Yes (0) No (0).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  i got this bad boy in March of 2010 and i love it! but i found out last month that there was some problems with it that need to be fixed. first of all, this was a huge deal to me because i had been thinking i was gonna need a new laptop, but with the old laptop i had this machine i still used every single day. i also found out that i can't get the old bluetooth speaker to work! (i have two different bluetooth speakers but the one that comes with the laptop isnt working for some reason). i had to contact apple and i was told that they would send a replacement but they did nothing. so then i had my friend send the old one in and they told me that it didnt work either but thats why they sent a new one. i don't understand how they could not have told me about this before i went out and bought a new computer? so anyway i sent it back to apple and it got here today and i tried it out and it still doesnt work! i have to get an AppleCare card to make it work, but i can hardly afford that! i hate when stuff does not work and i have paid a lot of money for it!!! and for a company that gives such low reviews online, they really should at least be up front with you! i am now trying to make sure the laptop doesnt work, because they really made me do that.  Other (Read full review)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this iphone for a month and i hate the phone but the thing is that if i dont do something that the screen turns off because it will turn on its back button i dont know what to do so im trying to get it back to working like it did when i got it i had to unplug it because i didnt turn it off when it turned off to get the thing working again but now im getting on and off with my little finger but thats it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 4 months, i never had any problems with it until now. i've used the samsung galaxy s5 for 3 weeks now, after using this device all day, im very disappointed. the screen becomes very bright very quickly and the color is very rich, but there are very very bright pixels that are annoying to use. i would never recommend this product to anyone, i dont know why im writing this review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this about 3 years ago. I've been using it for a couple of years. The last one I used has had problems with battery not holding a charge for a day. When I get the next one I can only wait for them to make a charger. The device is very slow to charge and doesn't do a good job at getting a good charge in. I would expect to wait 15 minutes to an hour for the charge to charge.  Write a positive review about the price: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought an iphone 7 and had to send it back  (cause i could not get a fix)  After that  the device was completely unusable.  No camera, no email, no texts  Nothing.   The only   positive   thing about it was   the wireless   connection.  When it was on wi-fi (without   an iPhone 7)   it   took forever to transfer music because   they   couldn't connect   at   any   time  .  The   only  good   aspect about the   phone   is   its design.  For   a  smartphone   you can   get a   much   better   device   for   next   price.  I think if i had bought it  instead   of   this   i would have been more   satisfied.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     - The microSD card is a bit fiddly and does take a bit to load the device. The display of the phone is ok but not very bright. I find it very difficult to read on bright indoor lighting. The front camera is ok and it's good enough for a phone, but the back camera does not take good photos. I have to hold it in my hand to see the screen.  The microSD is fast - a little slow at times as well. It takes forever to download some apps, such as the Facebook, Google, or Snapchat apps. The battery lasts longer than I would like, but it lasts more than what I expected - which is fine.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This laptop is a terrible mistake, it is very heavy and you can feel that it is not made to be held in your hand.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life on this thing is terrible. I've used the phone for about a week and my battery is at 9% and there is only 1 hour of screen time.  I've heard that there is a power saving mode that will put the battery back to 25% but there is still 1 hr of screen of time left. I have the Samsung Galaxy S3 and have had it for almost a year and my batteries last a week with only 2.5 hours of screen on time. I'm very disappointed by this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this item 3-4 times and it has never worked, i purchased this item to replace my older model computer because it didnt work and now I have a brand new brand new computer. it has only been 2 days since i got it and it keeps freezing or shutting down, i have tried everything, turning off/on the computer, wiping the hard drive, unplugging the usb cables etc, nothing works. I am now looking for a new computer because the old one doesnt even recognize my computer. i do not recommend this product at all and dont trust apple anymore.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Elite 2 Year Warranty / Limited Warranty Matrix Tech 3 Year Warranty - Black (Wired & Wireless) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Customer Support FAQ.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- This is a very poor product and a waste of my time and my money. The remote has been unreliable for a very long time and the software is unusable and buggy.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 18, 2012  Excellent Product and Service  by James from Phoenix AZ USA  Pros: Compact, compact, Compact  Cons: A bit heavy, not easy to operate with gloves, some bugs in this device  Review: I bought a WACOM C-17. It has worked flawlessly. After a month or two, the battery in the C-20 has died. I have had nothing but positive things to say about WAC. However, this one is not the C17. I was going to give it a 4 but I have to give a 4 star because of the size difference and size of the C19 remote. , it is a good deal for the money.  and I think it is really well done   Was this Review helpful to you at all? Yes Very Good!  View all 27 Customer Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "You can never have too much money." - Michael J. Fox  BEST BUYER OF AMPLIFIER & ADAPTERS EVER!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- Another great product and great service. Only a minor glitch here and there. I had to do it again, but this time after reading the manual. The buttons for brightness and volume were not working until I reset the device. The instructions were not clear on this. It was very easy to do by following the screen, I followed it for 1 hour with no problem. I was so happy that I bought another one, just to keep one to change out. This is a good product, but I would say that for a very good price, it is not that great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was having issues with the battery, so I bought the Galaxy S III. I had not been using a phone in months.  The battery took a while to charge, but after that the phone worked like a dream.   It lasted almost a month, and then I discovered that I had dropped the phone in a bowl of hot water and the battery was dead.  The screen was very dim, and even the standby time was only about 10 hours.  I was so frustrated I couldn't take it out and try to put it back in again.  This time the phone's screen would not go back to full brightness.  No worries I got an extension cable and tried to charge it until the battery ran down to only about 15% charge.  At this point I switched to a new phone and didn't need a replacement battery.  Unfortunately the Galaxy 3 is now showing as "Ineligible For Repair" on my Verizon store online store.  If I had gotten a new battery it would not have taken nearly as long to get it repaired as the old one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The phone is too heavy and the screen is too small. The only reason it was even given to me was because the original owners were gone so I could give it to my son but he didn't want it and I got no support. I was very angry about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The unit has several functions: 1) It's a TV tuner, but you'll need a regular TV tunable, not a cable.   2) It has a digital TV tuners that only works with cable sets, so this one will work with cable set, but not satellite.   and 3) It will have an HDMI port.  ...I don't have a standard HDMI cable. I had to get an adaptor to go through my old AV cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my fpv v3 since i got it from osr (got mine from amazon ) it isnt compatible with any of the cca's or v2. It gets to 80 and then it stops making any signal and i cant even change the settings. ive been trying to upgrade it for the last 2 months and cant get it to work for a good reason. the signal goes out when it gets low. It cant connect with a v2 at all. it has a good range but the signal isnt there. its the ccia v2, if you get it and cant connect then it might be the cna v2 so get a cca v2 and get a v3.   I have a fp v2 i have owned for 7yrs now.  if you want a good fp/fcm camera thats worth it get a fc v2 or v3 ive owned a fpsr v2 for the past year it wasnt very good i did not need a v6 and it didnt have all the cce features but im happy with my fps r v2   the problem with these v2's is that they do not connect with v2 cca camera's because the cable has a female plug for the male plug on the v2 but a female connection for the cable on the fp ccav3    fpv6 v2   http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00J9UY5R2/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1   fc-v6   .the fp V2 is not compatible with v3 fc V2 so buy v3 now  _________________________________  F5 V3 CURRENTLY NO LONGER AVAILABLE.  __________________ __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After purchasing the iPhone 5, I thought I was a smart ass for buying this. The phone was extremely flaky. The camera couldn't even take a picture. The only thing i can use it for is the mail. I just bought a second one for my dad, and he is so happy. He is a retired school teacher, and a great guy. This phone is a huge relief for him. I also bought a cheapo iphone and he still doesn't believe in the iphones as much as he does this one. I'm not sure if my local stores carry the iPhone 6 yet, but it's a good product. My friends at work keep saying this phone is like the old iphona's when they were cool. I haven't been to a store yet but i'm looking forward to it. I really can't say enough good things about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's great for games that I can't use a real controller for (F.E.A.R) but I found myself playing some games where the buttons weren't working. I'm very disapointed. The buttons just stopped working on some games I got it because I wanted to play it at night, and it just stopped after a while. I have to go to a different room and I have no idea why it stopped. It was very annoying.  Product Review: D&D Adventure Game Module for 2-4 players (WizKids Games)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! IT'S SO SLOW!!! 1st time i used it i was so frustrated because the charger was working but i don't even use my phone anymore and then i got my device and the charger just shut off!! 1/2 hour after i got it home and plugged it in and got the "check status" page, i saw my phone and the screen showed i had 0 battery left and then it said "the battery is too low" and i tried to charge it but it didn't get any charge at all and the battery was about to die anyway so i didn't even want to keep it! I couldn't even find a replacement and i'm going to lose my phone in the next few days but i still had to pay my bill on it!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 6 months now and i have no idea what its capable of. ive been in the military for years and have been in many situations where i used this device. its an amazing device if you use the controls properly but its so hard to turn off, the device isnt even the best cheap mp3 player i ever owned and has a very poor battery life that will only last an hour to an hour and a half or so.  this is a great thing for getting in and out of a car but for other things like playing music or watching a movie its just a terrible purchase.   It works.   I got this thing on sale for $39 and after some fiddling around the device works great and i dont have to worry about the battery going dead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product has a terrible build quality for such a low price. The device works fine, but every time I put the device into sleep mode, the power and display buttons on the front start to get stuck, and the entire LCD screen remains on screen. I have no idea how the manufacturer did this and what are they going to do to fix it.  Comments  comments
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying this for years and the battery life has been horrid its been 3 weeks and no battery is getting to the charger. also the screen just won't last a full day on any apps it runs. i just think if i had to buy this again i would buy a better product.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good, but... After getting my Galaxy S6, I've gone through several devices (5) in order to find the right one for my needs. The S6 is the best, but for whatever reason, the battery is so terrible, the device shuts off. Even if I just keep it charged the phone won't get better. In the time that I've owned the device, it's been down to a few hours or less. So after this year I'm forced to buy another. This time though, I'm hoping that the phone has some more life to it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone works great for what I need it for. But for the price and the quality of the phone it is a total waste of money. It would be cheaper and the device better. I bought a samsung nexus 4 because it has the same specs as my laptop and is much more advanced. I could have gotten a better product but it seems to be the norm to get a cheap computer and phone for about the same price but that's it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The product works as described but a few months after its purchase, the battery died in mid air flight in a heavy wind.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- This is an old Epson printer, and the problem is, the LCD has gone dead. -------------- I have never had this problem before, and it has become an everyday annoyance, to be able to see what the printer is doing, and how long it is going to take to print something. ------------- When I called customer service, they said they could not help me. ------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________ I bought this phone for my son to use on the go. He didn't want to go to his college dorm or college town because he doesn't own a smart phone. This phone works great. I wish I would have bought it sooner.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am a mechanical engineer by training and I have owned several electronic instruments, not the least of which is my Commodore 64. The first of this new product is a great improvement on the old 64, the only downside is that it has a "notch" in the front panel, right next to the power switch. It is very hard to hit the "power" key to turn the thing on and off, and also hard to get the volume to turn down, which is the purpose of the notch. I have the "newer" model with the notch, and have given it a 10 on my scale, so I am going to go for the "old" version. The other drawback is the sound. I thought it was a good idea to build the instrument with an audio amplifier, and I got it working, but it is now so loud that you can't get it out of the way, and it has to be turned off to save your hearing. The new model with a power supply and all is a much better product. The only thing that keeps me from giving it a perfect 10 is the fact that it still requires the use of an external speaker and line level amp to turn on and make the sound audible. All other aspects of the instrument are great. I would recommend this device to anyone who has a computerized system.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great purchase This product was exactly what we needed in the field. It was easy to setup and connect, and the quality of the sound was fantastic.  in other reviews, i heard that the sound is very noisy and not very clear. i don't understand. i am in Australia and the noise that i hear is not that bad. and the sound quality is good and crisp. the only drawback is that the remote doesn't have all the settings that the computer does. i have not tried it to see if it does anything with it. . I also recommend a remote controller. we have a few in the house that are not working. and we are having a lot of issues. It is great value for money and is very good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this on for 2 weeks and now ive started to have problems getting it working properly ive changed the batteries 3 times and ive still not worked it properly its not working for me ive tried the original batteries it came with ive even tried different types of batteries its very annoying to have to use the original battery everytime ive used the new batteries it will last longer but still ive not been able to get it to work properly please someone help this product work properly
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My husband wanted to switch from the old flip phone he used to have to this new iPhone. But he did not read all the reviews. He got the phone on the first try and it worked fine for a while. Then he started having problems with it. The battery would not charge. The sound would stop working. He tried plugging and unplugging the battery a number of times and tried different chargers. Finally he had to call Apple and they replaced the battery. The phone now is not working. The whole battery, including the SIM card, came apart. He has to get another battery. I do not recommend this product.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mimi from This device works great My husband got this from a friend and I got it for him. The only problem was the battery would last only one hour. So we had to charge it for 10 hours to get about 6 hours. But it worked so well he has never had a problem with it since. The video call has been great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________My son got this for Christmas and it works fine. He can't see the display though. It's a very nice toy. I would recommend it to my friends. I bought two so my son can play with both of them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This is not a good item to buy. I bought this to monitor my garden. This thing takes so much space and I wanted a screen that was easy to set up. It does not have any on the unit itself, so you have to get the cable from the box. The cable was a little hard to work with when I got it. The device doesn't do anything useful, it only works for checking to see if the water has been drained. My plants are dying because I bought it for the monitor. I don't need a monitor. It doesn't show me what's growing in my garden because my plants can't see the wire. I was just using it to see what it looked like and to know when it needs water. It is great to know what is going on with the plants, but I did not need this when I first got it, I was not going to watch it as often as I do now. I'm using it only when I don´t know what's going on in my yard. I can't say that I will be getting another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been running a dvr for 8 yrs. This new model doesnt come with one usb port. this wasnt an issue when ive run it for years but now that i am having a new TV i need 2 or 3 ports. I would recommend it. if it had one i would buy it as ive got a lot of shows and the new model does not come with an extra port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love this, but a few problems with it: it would only work when plugged in and when the phone is turned off, you have to hold down the power button on the phone to turn the speaker on. That is a stupid issue. When I get a new one I want the battery life to be better.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, January 31, 2012  Works Great  by A Customer from Waco TX USA  Pros: Worked as advertised. ,  Cons: No battery  Review: I like the way it looks and function. It does not get warm at all. I would buy it again.  "Just plug it in."  "Hold the button down for a second."  of the way I purchased this item from Wal-mart.com. I like it, and am happy with my purchase. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this ipod iphone for about 3 months now, i have to admit that i really hate this phone, it has a really bad design, and if you are gonna buy this i recommend to you to look for a better quality device that comes with a nicer screen and no issues. i love my old ipod and it always work great. this iphones design just doesnt seem as sturdy as the ipod. just dont buy this device you will not like it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: digital-store
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 6 months, its been in a box since purchase. it works for 3 days, then the bluetooth goes bad. i have ordered a new one to replace it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I use this device for over 7 years, every few years i take it out, clean the battery, and resolder the wires to keep my phone charged, however the only thing the device does is change the contacts, i need a different phone so that i can use a charger, other then that the phone lasts forever! Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing over 10 times now and it works fine for the most part. The thing is very heavy so you have to be careful what you are touching. When i was trying to put it on the right way the metal strip in the connector came off. So now i cant connect to my router and its not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a mps for a couple of months now. i used it to run a video recording and i have no problems with the mps at all. the only thing is that it is so easy to turn on and off and the battery is only rated for 2 hours of use. i dont use it much at all but when i do its amazing. just make sure your not getting a dead mps.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------------------   This is the second piece of software that I have purchased in the last 2-3 months that had the very unfortunate consequence of falling apart. I ordered the device in early April, and it was delivered to my door by March 1st.   I was really happy with the device until this week when it started losing the ability to connect to my computer. I was able to get it connected again through Bluetooth, but it is still being very fussy about not connecting with my computer until I have the battery removed. The USB port was also leaking moisture, and the phone itself was getting so hot that I was unable to use it at any temperature other than near the max temp set on the device.   to the positive side, the phone does have the ability of charging and it charges faster than any other device that I own.   this is not the type of thing that I want to deal with in the future. I would have been much happier if this was a 3 year device and not two.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!This was my first electronic device and I am so very disappointed in it. When I first tried to charge it, the charger went down to zero. I had to try and turn it back up over and over again to get a charge. I have been using a Samsung phone for 10 years. The chargers on it are way better. It is very cheap looking and I will only be using it for light internet use. I hate to give it a 1 star but I had a lot of other things that are way more expensive but are better in the end.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a couple of these, and they both die after a year. i've read all the reviews before purchasing one, so i didnt know what to expect. the first thing i notice is that i cant hear the radio. when i press on the controls the sound just stops. i also found out that my receiver died after the first year, so they really dont last.   i bought one of these so i could have an external antenna, but i cant use it because there is no way to plug it into my receiver, and i've lost the instructions on how to set it up properly. it will not work. i tried to order another from another website to try, but the seller was no longer there.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just had my first electronic cigarette for about a year now, and I've been very pleased with it. ive had it with a battery mod (my first) and I get good flavour, no burnt or sour taste. the one issue i've had is the battery, it has been pretty much dead ever since i got it. i think ive been getting the battery in and out of the box a lot, because of how easy it is to get the battery out. i bought a different one (the one that doesn't have a battery) and it works just as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     i love this keyboard and i can't use the touch screen of my   (  ,   ) computer anymore. i get tired of the keyboard being so cold and hard to type on. i have tried everything i can think of to get it working with my computer. i use a  (,  )   and i have had it for a while. now it's broken. i hope someone at HP will come up with a better model and a keyboard that will be good for the majority of people.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________I was looking to do a full restore of an iBook G4 from Mac OS 10.4.4 on the Apple Support website and a few problems came up. First they said I need to contact Apple to get the repair service, after several attempts, they said they would not do it because they have not yet received the computer. So I called Apple and told them the situation and they said the computer has to be sent to them to be restored and I would need to pay $150 to have the computer restored, and I said that's not the problem. They told me they were in the process of doing this and would be back in a couple of days. I called back and got a reply that the restore had been completed and the computer was going to be delivered to me. I contacted Apple and they offered me $300 to have it restored, which I said no way. This is a new computer, it is not in any condition to be returned. So the next day I called and spoke with an Apple customer service representative, she said that since I called twice asking for an update they will now send someone to repair it for me. On the way to the Apple Store I called again and got the same reply. When I arrived at the Apple store, I was told to open the computer and show the warranty card that was inside the computer to prove that it's been repaired. The rep said it's OK, I told her I have it all recorded on video so she could look at it. So off we went to get it repaired, the rep said "it will take 5 days to get to you". I waited 5 days and got an email saying the computer will be there and I will get it in 2 days. But the rep is now telling me I must open it up again before it can be fixed. So all I'm left with is the hope that this problem can be repaired and the promise that if it's not fixed I will have to pay the $150 for the computer, when it could be done in 5 days. That's just unacceptable.  Report as inappropriate
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I recently purchased this phone and had a little trouble setting it up and getting the battery to charge. The battery did not charge. I returned it, but after a short time the phone started to run out of battery. The user manual for the phone is terrible.   Very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this for my daughter as a Christmas gift. She loves the app, and the phone is great. The screen is also great. I wish she could have had the phone for Christmas instead of going to a friend's house. I can't remember where I saw it on Ebay before. It's worth the money, however, I am afraid to use it. I purchased the original Galaxy Tab, and was very disappointed when I found out the Galaxy Tab S II is better. I didn't realize it until I went back to look at my previous Tab, the first thing I did was unplug it from my home computer, and plug it into the computer. I had to open my Samsung laptop. The Tab S has a few bugs, and if your expecting a lot of apps on it, you'll be disappointed. I'm giving it a 4 stars because of the good apps and for the cheap price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for over 2 years and the battery is dying now. i can hardly get through the day. i cant figure out why i cant get a new phone. it seems like it has to do with a chip problem. and im not the only one. i have heard people talk about this phone dying.  Rated 4 out of 5 by DavidB from Great phone with some issues This phone is pretty good. The only complaint I have is that it has a weird vibration for when you get a call. If you press the power button a few times it will go off.  of 4 people found this review helpful  Was this review useful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got a kong z10 a few years ago it came with two sets of batteries. the batteries were terrible but still i kept using them. the first one went flat and i had to buy two new ones. the second set was the same. the new battery in the second one was even worse than the first. the other battery worked perfectly until it suddenly stopped working (this is when i realized the batteries had gone flat. i was a bit freaked out). then the device just quit working and had to be replaced. then i realized it was the old batteries. i took the old battery out of the old set and put the new ones in. it was fine. the two sets had to have the same bad batteries. if you want to use them in the kongz10 the quality will suck so buy them from another source.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Amazing product! A couple of weeks ago I bought this product in order to be able to record video and capture images from my cellphone. I wanted to start using the cellphone in conjunction with my Canon Rebel T1i, and since I was also going to use the cellphone as a video camera I had to pick up a decent digital camera. I had not seen anything in my local electronics store that could take advantage of the T1-1s I already own, and I found a few options but nothing that could compete with the T2i's performance. That's when I found this little gem at the camera store and started looking it over. After going through a couple of demo's, I finally bought it. I took it out for a spin and I can tell you this thing has more video and image quality than my $500 camera! I was even impressed by its battery life. I used it as an extension cord for my computer and I have to be at work for 8 hours before I have the battery to give it a recharge. I use it a couple times a week for capturing footage and images and it is great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I can't go a day without it, it's so easy to use and you can set the clock according to your time zone as well. It's a nice device.  Was this helpful? Yes No 1 / 1 users found this helpful james g., CA USA This is a great clock - easy to program and works well. One drawback is the small battery life - about 2 to 3 days. Would have preferred an automatic shutoff. I had to purchase the battery pack which lasted for about 5 months.  that is a good clock. I can't believe it's this good. The only complaint is that if I shut it off it's hard to get it going again because the battery is gone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a problem with my ipad mini before, and now mine has gone dead after the battery died. it works with a mouse, but it doesnt take pictures and the screen isnt bright at all. i've been able to use it for less than 2 hours a day, and i dont know if this has anything to do with it, but the battery wasnt giving it much juice. so im going to get a new one. this is going to be one of the first things i get for my birthday.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing i noticed about my X6 was the screen. The screen is not a good screen, its really weird and doesnt look anything like what you'd expect on a flagship device, in my opinion. In the beginning i was really disappointed, until I thought about it, the samsung wasnt exactly a flagship phone, but at least it came with a top notch screen and a very decent camera and software experience. The 2nd thing i was disappointed with was the fingerprint scanner, the scanner doesnt work out of the box, the phone wont boot up no matter how much i do and the scanner doesn't even recognize my finger when it's held up to the scanner. The 3rd thing is the camera. The camera quality on the X6 is really bad, I'd say it's a 7.0 or worse. I'm not sure if i was expecting more than a 6.0 camera and that wasnt the case. The only thing that got the camera to work was a bit of tweaking in the firmware, however the camera still has the same camera sensor as the S7. The 4th thing that is disappointing about the camera is that there's a bug where you can shoot video in 5.1 on a 5.8 screen but video in 4:3 and 1080p on the screen doesnt sync up to each other, the only solution i could find is to switch the settings to 1080p and then to 3:2 and then back to 5.0. So i'd say the 5.6 and 5.7 screen are ok but the camera and lens are pretty bad for a phone thats supposed to be high end, the camera on the S6 is also ok but better quality and has a better lens.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The original iPod was so bad that you couldn't put it back together again. That was about 3 years ago, which means they've improved it over that time.  It has better speakers than last year's and the audio is better as well.  But the software is not very good. I bought it because it was supposed to have an internet connection and it does have an ipod interface, however they haven't been able to fix the app on the phone.    It does have 2gb of storage but I've been using that space to save music.  I haven't had any problems. It's just too bad, when they started this thing people were excited, but now the product is only in the prototype stage and not fully available.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I had the same problem with my old one so I bought this one. It started with a bang, but when I started listening to music and video files on it, the sound got very poor. The sound is very distorted, and the low end is just too thin. The speakers are just not loud enough. I will not be buying another one.  Did you find this helpful? 2 of 3 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Cristy  4  Reviewed by:from Tennessee. on 4/10/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I own this device for years now. I have it hooked up to my iPhone (6s) but I now have an iPad Pro, and I am still getting problems. I tried my standard "battery life" test. I've had the iPhone for 5 years, I've never had a problem with it. I went through the regular battery check and it said that the device was almost completely drained and that it would have to charge overnight, and the next day after a full charge it would be at 100%.  Now, that test wasn't as accurate as when the iPad was new, but it still showed 100% battery on the device, and it was still charging when I got home.  After a day of playing, I have had the device run down to 90%, and the iPad Pro shows 100% left and vice versa. __________________________________________ I have tried the "batteries" test many times since getting this device and still can't get it to work.    This is so frustrating, and after I've gone through the tests over and over, I still haven't found a reason why it's not working.  When I try to turn on the iPad, it turns off with no issues, and then it seems to take a few seconds to turn back on, but that's not how it should be.  I have to press and hold the power button for a few minutes until it turns on again.  This device is a total waste of money, I got this to see if it would work. I'm willing to pay more for the better device if it were to work, but at this point, I'm just glad to have it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** The product looks beautiful and it works great, but the USB port is way too small for the device and there is no way to plug it in. When I plugged it in the connector was way too large and I had to use my bare hands to plug in the adapter. I thought maybe it was some kind of a design flaw, but when I try it again the connector is not as small as I thought. I really dont like the fact that it looks so nice on the outside. It doesnt fit in my case and it just looks like an expensive thing with ugly design flaws. There is no real reason to buy it, but it would be nice if it was a little bit larger. I bought this for a trip to a museum so I could test it out. *********************** The USB port on this is the wrong shape for the connector. Its the wrong size and the cable goes all over the place when it is plugged in. It looks like you are trying to put the cable on with a knife and the connector will only come out the side and the wire will be sticking out of the top of the connector and will probably be loose. I put the USB cable in and pulled the cable out, but I will have to go back and try again. *********
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________ I'm sorry but this product is terrible. It will not save the day on my 2 year old computer with no problems whatsoever. The key works and I just want to complain. It was a gift and I can't believe what a waste of money this is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is soooo cheap and unreliable! I bought it for a college class I teach, and I bought a cheap phone that was supposed to have a built in battery, but when we were going to test it, the battery died. The instructor had to bring a battery pack with him to get my work done. It was very disappointing.  I'm so disappointed I won't be buying this again. Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device :  We really like the idea of this product and we can see where this comes from, it is an inexpensive way to connect a keyboard to the computer and it is a good solution for those people that don't want to spend a fortune on a computer.  Read the full review on Amazon  5.0 out of 5 stars A very useful product that is easy to use and looks great The USB keyboard/trackpad combo kit is easy and straightforward to use, and it gives you control of your computer's functions by way of a simple keystroke. The fact that the device is made by Logitech and compatible with both Mac and Windows machines makes this product an important one for those who are concerned about being able to use their own hardware when they are away from their computer. We have had it for about two weeks and we are very pleased with the product so far. Read a positive feedback about the product on Amazon 4.5 out of 4 stars We really enjoy using the Logitech USB keyboard! It is a great quality keyboard and we love the option to charge the unit in the vehicle! This is a very versatile product and our kids love using it. The only problem we have found is that there are no batteries included with the keyboard. We had to order batteries from a store for our unit. If you are not planning to use your keyboard outside the vehicle, you can purchase batteries from our store as well. We think this would be a very nice product for anyone that is in the market for an easy to install, and very useful, keyboard! Read an positive feedback on Amazon.com Read another positive feedback 3.5,5 out 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned two, one broke the day i got it and the other one was on it's last legs after only one year, i bought this one and never used it as it wouldnt charge fast enough and wouldnt last longer than 2 months, i wouldnt recommend this unit to anyone ive used my other one and it lasts much longer and is much better quality ive had my hand in a blender for about 3 years, it will last longer and i have not had a single problem with it
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a month or so now and it has been fine for that time, but my last battery died.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Tom from A quality item, with excellent features The T.R.I.A. is my first electronic item of my own. I've owned a variety of products from the 1980's to recent, but this is my favorite, and I plan to get another for my garage. I use it to control my DVD player, a car stereo and a remote control. I have the included charger for it as well as the battery and adapter. It's just a little heavy, but you will get used to it. I found the cord for the unit to be quite a challenge - I tried to cut it with a screwdriver, but found that the plastic case held the cord inside. I decided to bend the cord into a "V" shape and secure it with electrical tape. The cord itself is fine - the connector is flimsy and tends to fall out of the cord easily. I did get it out of a little bit of tight space in a closet, but don't try to hide the cord with any sort of a cover. I hope this review helps, and if you have any problems with this unit, please let me know.  is my last electronic item, and it is a very pleasant surprise. I bought this to control the DVD player that I keep in my garage but the battery just died and I've had to find something else to watch on. I really like this. It makes the video on the DVD so easy and it's very reliable too. I haven't noticed any buzzing yet. It will take a little getting used to and it won't do what my iPod does for music, but it is very nice for watching DVDs in my small house or garage. It would be even better if it was just a few dollars cheaper than the iPod because the iPod is so easy to use, but if you do the math, this is the best bang for the buck I have found for the money. I think I'll keep this one just for use in the house!  Customer rating: 5 of 5 Total Reviews: 5 Write a review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It works, except for one problem.  The battery has a problem with keeping it's charge, even after charging it up.  It will be ok until about half charged.  Then it will lose power.  Now, for $30-50 you could buy a generic cell phone. Rated 5 out of 5 by JamesG from Works as expected I have used these for about a year now and have never had a problem.  I use these for my laptop when traveling.    These do not have the best battery life.    But it is still good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned my phone for 4.5 yrs and it had a small issue where when i took it out of the box and set it on my desk it would automatically turn off and on again. i had to turn it off and back on over and over a couple times and it would only do that when i turned the power switch back on. i finally had to buy a battery because the batteries weren't selling. i tried several things including an external battery charger but still this happened. i didn't get the phone until i received an email that my credit card had been charged and i didnno longer had to worry about my phone.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 5 years, ive used it to connect to a pc, ve used it for video streaming,'ve used it as a camera,  still have the hard drive,  the battery isnt rechargeable.  so i can't recommend it for anything other than streaming.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using my amazon fire tablet for a while now. i've had it for about 6 weeks and have had no issues. when i plugged it in to the wall of the tv it was fine, but once i plugged in the amazon app i had the first issue with the app. it just keeps freezing or not responding to touch. this app has not been updated and still not responding. i hope you guys can look into this and find a solution
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________  This device doesn't last, and it's not the reason I have to return my XBOX. I've had the XBOX for over 2 years and it is still working just fine.   I have been using my xbox since the early 80's and I have never had any type of problems. I haven't had one battery in for over 5 years. I bought this to replace my original xbox 360 and the battery just stopped working. I didn't know what to do, and so I asked the support team to give me a replacement.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is my first bad electronic purchase. I am very disappointed with it, but I will take the risk of trying it out. I will not buy this one again, and would recommend others not to buy it as well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my lsd for about 1 week now and its all broken. the lsd itself is not bad the only bad thing is the ssd which has a bad connector and hasnt charged at all. i have had it in my car for about a month so its not that the device is bad its that the s sd has been faulty. i would not recommend this ssd.  I would recommend this product if you do not mind having it broken.  in addition I dont really care about the charging function because when you first start it the light is a little on the weak side, but once you start it running its like all you need is your phone. , but I have a newer model with more storage.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an excellent device. Unfortunately the design of the device makes it very hard to use the buttons. I have lost a total of 7 buttons since installing this device. There are just so many little bumps on the device which have caused me to lose buttons so quickly. If you want a super portable battery pack that is great at taking phone calls and playing music then this is the way to go. But if you want the best battery pack out there then you might want to look at a different model of battery pack.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this device for about 3 months now and ive had issues with the audio and the mic it connects to. ive tried many different brands of mp3 player and this is the worst audio i have had.    it just doesnt work well. i was using a different brand of mpc   that worked perfectly for a while before i got this. it works great with the   bluetooth but   does not like it in the front. i had it on a mic, a computer and bluetooth.  its very noisy and if it is off the unit will not work at all.  if i was to send it back i would not use this again.  the only thing that would fix this problem would be a better speaker system for it. the speakers on the iphone sound much better than the mic on this iphon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought the "Eclipse" because I wanted to be able to read the internet from a computer. This is the worst thing I have ever bought. It has no signal out at all. You have to use the "internet" cable and it is very flimsy. After 3 days I had to buy a different type of cable and even that was very flimsier than the original cable. It also has no battery and the batteries are not a great quality. I bought a new computer to use it with but I cannot use it at all with this cable. I am not recommending this to anyone. It is so poor it does not even get a 5 rating.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this for about 2-3 days. It was pretty good until i decided to try to charge my tablet. I noticed that the LED light in the charger would blink when the device would not charge at all. I took the charger out of the case and put it back and it has been working like a champ. It has a good light to see where your charging and not like other devices that have a white light which you can not see at all while charging. Just dont buy this when you need a charger. I'm very disappointed in the quality of this charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iPad, but it gets so hot when it's in my car that I can hear the fan run. I can't use it with the iPad Air, which is too thick to use in my 9" MacBook Pro. This makes using the device a pain.  The sound on the iPad is okay but I'd like a different mic if it were more convenient.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The screen is very small but it gives very good picture. It is the only good thing about the device. I've had this device for almost two years.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Nixxyx from Good product Good product for the price. Had it for over a year now. Works good for my computer.    Rated 4 out of. 5 by lindemay from It worked great for me, I had a problem with it after a few months. It only works with Macbook and I couldn't find anything to fix it  I'm glad that it's finally here. I bought this about a year ago and I was a little concerned. I was able to purchase this at the local store and it works well. I recently purchased this for my nephew and he loves it as well. He has a Windows laptop. I do not have an XBOX but I can understand why you would buy it since it is Windows compatible. I'm glad I have it to use for my PC. I have some other brands but this one is a little more well made.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a cheap cell phone for about 10 years and i've found that the batteries are not rechargeable and not easily replaceable. i tried all my tricks but they didnt work. the battery lasts about one month but after that, the phone gets unstable and the phone isnt easy to use and the battery life isnt so good. it sucks when it gets wet. i wish it was rechargeable!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 28, 2016  Works as advertised  by A Customer from Long Island NY USA  Pros: Works as advertised.  Cons: Battery is difficult to get to.  that is why it is one of the only things you get when you buy the phone.  of the 3 batteries, 2 have dead batteries. I did a Google search and it appears it is due to some type of electrolysis in the battery. I will try a different type and see if that works.    Was it helpful to you?: Yes No Sunday, February 22, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This unit was very bad! I had a brand new computer with it. It was a great machine but my motherboard and HD card got destroyed in this unit!! No matter how hard I cleaned it and checked it over with some old computers, it just wouldn't work. I had to order some new components because I didn't realize how much the parts would cost to replace!   If they could make a good unit like this one, then I would recommend to everyone.   No thanks!!  Was this review helpful? Yes No   by Anonymous on Friday, September 14, 2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought the D5120 from Amazon, and it works very well. But, there are some other factors that make this one of the worst I've used, which I will cover in this review. 1. The video camera has no time-lapse capabilities. 2. The audio only comes in stereo (one pair), which is a disappointment, considering how small the camera is. 3. The remote control does not control the camera. 4. The software (for the app) is not as easy to use as the others (but works). 5. The built-in microphone will not work. 6. The micro-usb port is small and not easily accessed. 7. The battery is very short, so you have to charge it for about 30 minutes just to make sure it is working. This might be normal for this model, but it would be nice if the battery life was better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************* - ********* I have 2 computers in my house. My oldest one is a Windows 7 machine. I don't use that one as it is slow, has only a basic sound card and is over two years old. My second one is an Apple Mac with a very fast SSD hard drive. It has a video card, a sound card, and two USB ports. It also has two HDMI ports. Both of my computers work well. The graphics card in my computer can play games on my old mac. The sound card in the Mac is good and can record audio. My mac can stream music over the internet. But it can only play music that is purchased through iTunes. Both machines are very fast and don't require much processing power. The only negative thing about both is that their power supplies suck. And I get my power from a utility company so its really cheap for them. They both run Windows 10 Pro which has not been my cup of tea. But I have not had a problem with it. Overall, these are good machines and I will always recommend them.  Rated 4 out of 5 by GeddeG from Great and Cheap My husband and I use the machines to do a lot of projects. It runs very fast (good for work), has plenty of ports, and is very easy to use. We have only had it for about a month, and it still works well. A good buy for a single computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second e-cigarette I've bought, the first is on the same site (I think) with the same poor quality e-juice, I bought the atomizer as I'd heard good things about them but unfortunately they are not true. I used a coil which worked OK and gave nice flavor but I had to put up with the very poor quality of the coils and the taste. Not sure if the battery will last but as I've said before I'd recommend going for an e-liquid which is guaranteed to last.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the Sony Walkman Classic (Sony WMC-XB90A) for my parents. It was a great deal as I only have a cassette player. It took a lot of time to understand it but when I finally got it set up it was a lot better than I imagined it would be. I had some problems with the volume control, but the Walkman has a good volume control and I found that the remote works fine as well. I wish they would offer a USB cable that would allow my iPhone to be connected to the Walkmans speakers. I can use my iPod without an adapter. I would recommend it for the price if you can figure out how to use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried every single brand of mp3 player on the market and this one is the worst of them all in my opinion. i have a sony player and a cheapo one, and this is the most annoying thing about both of them. i keep having to charge it and it always needs a re charge on each day. i tried it with a high capacity battery but it just drains so fast. i would never buy this device again. i think i will go back to my sony mp3 players.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________ I ordered this to try it out and I was very disappointed!  It's not working and it's not good.  I went to my local Radio Shack to get a new one but was told that I couldn't have one. Â Â I'm sure they will eventually work, but it took me over a week to find a working one. Review of DJI Inspire 2 Quadcopter Review: I've been looking for a quadcopter for a while now, and I finally found one that is affordable and has a lot of features that I could use.  This one is perfect!  I fly with it almost everyday and I can fly almost anywhere and at any time I want.    The video is so good and it has a very powerful battery that will last for a long time.  The flight time was also impressive!   I will definitely order more in the future, and will definitely recommend it to my friends! I received my first DJI Mavic 2 today and was impressed with its features.  I have had the Mavics for a little over two weeks now and I am pretty happy with them so far.  They fly very smoothly and the video quality is just amazing.  It's a very versatile little quad and I have not been disappointed in my purchase of the Maven.   I ordered this drone in November of last year and it was delivered in the spring of this year.  These guys deliver FAST!  The quad was well packaged and everything arrived perfectly.  To keep in mind that I am a little bit of a pain in the butt with ordering, so I would recommend ordering the first drone you can get without any hiccups.  Also, they seem to have the best price around so don't worry about this happening to you! Overall, I am really happy with this order and will continue to use this quadcopters for the foreseeable future.  If you are looking for something to fly and take pictures of, then this quad is a good pick. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ I bought this to monitor my kids who were having a bad experience with this one. It does the job as stated, but is very bad. There was a bug in my kids first ipod, and now they have this one with bugs in it. It has a very high amount of noise and lag, and a very small battery life. I would not buy another.  Review of DJ0275-00 Submitted By: David I bought 2 of these units and they work flawlessly. This is a very good unit. The only problem I have with the unit is that the speakers are not very good, I am looking for a more dynamic system. Other than that the sound is good enough. ,  I love it. Review of DJ0070-00 Maintainer Submitted On: July 19, 2011 I got this unit a few months ago. I use it in my classroom and it has been a perfect fit. The unit is easy to set up and it works perfect with my children's iPads. Thank you for your product and service.  The sound quality is great! Review of jx1-00K1 Submitted
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a week now and it works well. but it just doesnt like to power off. just hangs and doesnt charge. its really annoying. it needs to be charged more often then once or twice a day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought 2 of these and they are very nice. I get them out of the box on day 1 to my house and its pretty easy to hook up. I had to give the one with the old hard case a 4 out of 5 because i was able to get it working by the 2nd day. The second one i got worked perfectly the same day. I also used the usb to type converter on the first one and it was so easy to get everything setup, but the new one that came with it was more difficult to get in and out of my computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________: ______________________________________________: __________________:_________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I recently bought the iBasso Pro and I was disappointed at the sound and performance of it. It has no bass, I can only use it to play the drums. I used a very high priced iBass and they sound better to me. The high end is very weak and it seems that the iDrum is not capable of playing very high pitched sounds. I do not feel that a high quality iDrummer with a good quality drum pad is necessary. If the sound of a drum pad would come with a high end, then I would recommend it. But since the only thing is the sound, I have a hard time finding anything that would be worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This thing was really annoying. First, it would not power on (it would take a very long time). When I got it home, I found out that the power button was broken (not the microswitch on the side, the big one in the middle). So I had to remove that to use it. Then, the battery was dead after only 2 months. So when I decided to use this for my VCR, I gave up because I never heard back from the guy who sold it to me. It is just as bad as the old Motorola TRS-80 when it comes to keeping it plugged in. It will not keep it plugged into the wall and even a power adapter to the back wall outlet will not get it to work. I have used this twice for recording video and then tried to use the other side. The thing still will not work. So, I returned it and I will never buy another one of these. Also, they don't even have a user guide, no mention on how to set this thing up!  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Rene  5  Reviewed by:from on 2/22/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a new ipod 2. The ipod doesn't work properly and only provides a static output. I am not a fan of static, but I have to say that the ipod is a total failure! Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device (iPod):  The ipod works perfect, no static. Write the name of the best ipod:    My ipod comes from apple store. I have only use it for one week, so it's new. I have never used this product before...but, what a great idea, and great job. It is so nice, and i can only recommend this product to anyone. An excellent product, good price, works well. In order to improve our music library we purchased the new ipods from apple. Unfortunately, I was not impressed and bought a couple of ipods to replace them. I was so disappointed that they were only compatible with the apple device, and they would not play music from my CD's, or my computer's ipod. I went ahead and replaced them with ipods I bought at an ipod store. We purchased a number of ipod's from different ipods. We had to go back to our ipods store and purchase some ipods again for our ipod and ipod2. The new ipode is much better than any of the ipods we had previously, and the ipode and ipods are priced well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device did not work for me. The first time I used it the connection between the power supply and the battery went down. It would not light the LED on either the light that turns on with the remote, or the light when you press the switch. After a few days I tried again and the connection was still down. My battery was drained to 30%, I tried to replace the battery but the power connection still was down. I had to buy an expensive replacement battery with a better connection. I went back to the other model and the connections worked again. However after a couple months the light in my remote started flickering and turning off. I bought the replacement remote for the light but the problem persists.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Bob from Worked well, but be careful I used this product for several weeks when my cable came back broken. I replaced it with a new one that had a shorter cord and it worked fine. When I started using it I noticed that the remote would not work properly, and when I turned it on my remote would go through a series of lights, one on each side, which would not stop the light, the light would go out. I changed the cable and the light works great! I just wish the remote had an additional switch that would have made it possible to stop the lights on one side and stop them on the other side. Other than that the product does what it is supposed to do.  to my experience so far, I'm very satisfied and have been using it for more than 1 week now. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this for my dog and it is not even close to being the worst i've ever owned. it is simply a piece of junk. i have had this for about a week and i tried to make a playstation game with it and it does nothing. it just sits on the table and says you're trying to make games? i cant get it to even run it doesnt work on a laptop. i bought this cause i didnt want to spend a lot on an iphone and this is the worst iphones i have ever owned! i think this company should stop making these garbage devices and stop making money on these useless devices because these are the last things you want to be using! i guess the only thing i can think of that would make this better would be if the dog could make games with it.  Best Buy Rating: Date Published: 2011-10-16
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had to replace my tablet because of a bad battery. It's my first electronic device, but it's a good first one, because it works! And yes, I've seen some bad reviews about electronic devices. I've been looking for a cheap  iPad and this is what I found. I don't want to get into all the details, because this is really for the hobbyist. I'm going to make this short and simple: I don' t like tablets. I like computers, more than tablets. (I'm old and have seen the good, and the bad) I've heard the bad, so I'm writing a positive review. It does exactly what it's supposed to do. I really like that you can attach it to your car and it's going to last forever! It's light-weight and my battery is still good. The only bad thing I have to say is that it doesn't have a lot of power. I put it on the charger that I had for my laptop and it only draws a little power. But it does the job! I can't complain about that, because I'm just using this as a little hobby. I wish I could give it a 5 star rating, but I couldn't. I just can't.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this gadget for work and it works but i dont understand why it cant charge my cell phone i thought i found a solution with a usb adapter but i just bought this one and it didnt work at all and i went to another site that sells a usb charger that doesnt work at that site because i went and bought a cheaper one and my cell is still dead even after i put a new one in it works better i bought it and i just want to know why the usb adapter doesnt charge my phone.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I received my e-reader with a broken battery. They gave me a replacement but then after about a week the original battery went dead. I called and they were really nice until they said I had to pay for the replacement battery. ------------- If you want a cheap e-book reader try this one out. If you are really interested in a high quality e-reading device try this e-Reader.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Steve from Bad Design, Bad E-book Reader After trying a few other models, this one is by far the worst. I really wanted to like it, but the design is so poorly thought out that the display seems to be broken at most times and the touch screen is completely unresponsive. My Kindle has a 5 star rating from almost every reviewer I've read, so I was really disappointed.  the new E-reader. I thought my E-Reader was defective and now I have to return it. I bought this one on sale but now I want a different one.  it is not easy to get the light from this E-Reader on because there are not enough light points to find the one you want when you turn the light on.  a new reader, I was looking forward to reading. I have this Kindle since 2007 and it works flawlessly. I even bought this E Ink for it. Unfortunately, I'm not pleased with this E Reader. A new E Ink Reader - This is what I expected - the new one works fine and has nice and crisp color pictures, but no color. I had an old E Ink E Ink display that was getting out of date so this was the best alternative to keep my E Ink on the same generation. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these that were on my desk at work, but they didnt work, so i replaced them, and when i went to pick them up, the replacement ones were different than the first ones, even though they had been the same for the last two weeks. They didnt even fit into the original box, so you would need to take out the original ones and put in these. if this can happen to someone else, i would just say dont buy these. i would love it if they had better quality controls. i guess you just have to expect it, when you buy electronic devices. i just dont see how you can spend $500 on a product and expect the quality to be good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem with the XM-L2 is the way that it is powered up. I don't care if you can use this to do video, movies, music, and even game. I like having a camera in my pocket, it takes the place of a camera phone or MP3 player and it's great for my wallet too. However, when you need to use it as a camera, that's when you'll be disappointed. The XM's battery only has about 4-5 hours of use when you're doing normal stuff like video, music and games. The camera has a very short battery life as well. If I'm using the camera for an extended period of time, I can easily drain the battery.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!! I have never used an app that was so intrusive in my life before. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3, but this is even more annoying because it sends you a notification every time you look at anything. I use Facebook a lot, which is not a very safe app, but I don't think I can live with it anymore. I can't think of anything else to do with my phone now. If I wanted to read and listen to the news and check a e-mail from someone, I have to use another app or I have the notification in the top right corner of my screen, which makes my eyes hurt even more! The only way I can deal with this is to just use another Samsung phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This monitor came as a gift. It only has 4 HDMI and is inoperable. It cannot play 3D videos, cannot turn on any brightness, no image on screen and it can only output at 120hz.  It does have a good picture but it is far from perfect.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the best camera on the market. In my book. I've had 2 of these and the first one would never be used. I had to break the front lens mount because the lens was getting in the way of the viewfinder. I finally broke the back lens mount but you still have to break it to take out the battery. Also I had 2 problems that made it unusable. First I used it for a little over 3 years and it had a flat tire. They changed the tire but only because I tried to steal one back when I had just replaced the battery for the 1st one. So it started to rattle when I would turn the knob and I was able to break two of the plastic lenses off the camera and used a wire cutter to cut them. Second I kept it running all the time and when I went to move it to the garage, it wouldn't run anymore. I bought it for 2 years and had no idea it would go so fast. I also have a Nikon D90 and don't even think of using that camera to take pictures. It will never run. But for $200 to fix something like this that was done wrong by the manufacturers. I give it 4 stars. Maybe if the lens and the tire wouldn't have needed to be changed, I would give it 5. However there is no way it will last more than 2-3 years. I don't know if I'll ever use it but I've been happy enough to keep it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was using my cell phone for about a year and a half. It finally died a month ago. I had to buy another phone with a new battery to replace my dead phone. I do not use my cell service very often. So it was nice to get a new phone with new technology. I was impressed when I went to my wireless dealer and the woman said I can pick it up on the spot. She gave me a prepaid box that comes with the new phone. So now I have a new cell phone and no problems. I am happy. Rated 5 out of 5 by Jb from Great Service, Excellent Product I purchased two Samsung tablets from B&H after watching a few videos online. They worked great. The best part was getting my receipt. When I arrived home to pick up my new tablets, I was informed that I needed to wait for a technician to come and install the new tablets and new antennas. I asked if the boxes were shipped by the same truck that delivered my new tablet. When told no, I asked to see the boxes and my new order. As it turns out, my new items had been delivered in two boxes! They worked perfectly with my Samsung tablets. I would highly recommend this store and will be returning in the near future.  Rated 1 out of  by Rian from My phone died and I wanted to return it.. It just wasn't right for me and I had no choice. My phone is dead, no more call support and no more support via email. I called customer service at 5:00PM on a Thursday night and was told that I can't return the phone until Monday. It is now 8:00AM and I have yet to speak with customer service.  the phone company told me to wait till Monday to return the device, I can go to the Apple store and get the device and go back if it's not right for my needs. We tried for 2 days to get the service fixed and then after multiple calls and emails to tech support and also to the phone call center. This is a good company with great service and they tried to do something about it but it was a no go  I have been to more Apple Stores then I care to count and have never had a problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It has a problem with the batteries dying, it turns off at the wrong time of day or time of year, it stops working and it is not able to be repaired without the company going out of business, it should have never been in the first place. It was not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one for a few months and everytime i turn it on it starts giving me errors. Ive had it for about two months now and my son has gotten really jealous of it because he gets to see it. this is my third one. it doesnt work at all. I thought I was being a smart boy and getting a new device. I wish it didnt have these problems. Also, if i was having the problems with the other one it wouldnt have cost me so much. but, when i first got it the apple store charged me $400 for it, and it only lasted like 10 months or so. i got another one this year and i was like "fuck apple." i was a lot more serious than that with this one. i took it to a shop the other day to get it repaired. when i got it they didn't even fix the issue i had with the first one. they said it wasnt my issue but it was a problem with the company. they told me to try again, which i did. theres a reason why i didn't get the new one, the guy who worked on the first is the same guy who repaired the second one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This item was great when i was just learning to use it. i bought this to do home projects and its not even really that big. you have to be careful with the power cable because it is too big for one of my batteries but its still very good for that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a great idea! I use this to monitor my temperature and humidity, and I love the way it works. However, for the price I expected a bit more.  It is very cheap, but you'll be happy once you use it, and your health will improve.  (Posted on 2/24/2016)  great unit with a little issue, one star Review by dvh Reviewed By: If you want a cheap way to check your temperatures, this is it. I like that you can choose a unit type. I have been testing my house with this one and a digital thermometer and it works great. I also like the ability to monitor humidity. I put one of these on a door in a room in my house and it monitors moisture levels very well. I was a little disappointed that the digital temperature is a bit off. I found a little of a lag in the reading. My hvac guy got this one for me and has been very pleased with the unit. I would like to see a lower wattage reading for the digital therm, and maybe a button on the front of the unit to show what temp it is. Otherwise, I'm impressed with it!  My only complaints are with the case, that came with it. It was small and cheap looking, and it didn't hold water very well, and the back was just too wide.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the xt60 before and I still have no luck with it (it wouldnt get a charge for a couple of hours after charging it).  It takes forever to change the settings on it and everytime it would start I have to turn it off and on again. I can turn the wireless off and when I try it again it doesn't work. Im hoping this has to do with a firmware bug but I still cant get it to work.  I would buy another one but Ive never used a router and this one is so overpriced for what you get. This is one of the worst things Ive ever bought.  The xt has been the only thing in my house that hasnt been replaced yet. , May 1, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  We use it in our new car.  My favorite gadget to take with me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an ipod2 for a year or more. it has the same issue as the other reviews above - a loud clicky clicky, not really an audiophile clicky and with the volume up/down buttons (or the buttons at all) the clicky would only move up and down 2mm so not even a decent clicky. i've tried all the usual suspects to fix this - soldered, changed batteries - nothing works. i tried using a different brand of batteries and also with a different type of cable that worked but the problem persists. so i've finally bought another ipod, bought the replacement and it is a much more robust product but the same problem with the clickies and no ability to change the buttons for volume up or down. i bought another product in the hope of a solution that would work but sadly it isn't that simple to find out how to change them. i wish i had a solution to this problem and could get a replacement or refund but i can't with this broken thing. i have to buy another one and pay the extra price to have them changed. i'm very disappointed with this device. it is much worse than any other ipod i have owned in the past.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this mouse for 5 days now and it is not working well. It doesnt respond well to any movement and doesnt move at all when you mouse over it. when i move the mouse i have to use my thumb to push it to move and the button is on top of the computer screen and doesnt go where you want it to. If you like to play games and want a nice mouse please dont buy this. if you want a mouse that works good, but doesnt move very well then buy this mouse.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great value and performance! A very nice mouse for the price, and a great value for the performance. It is my second mouse, and the quality is great. I use it mostly for work, but for gaming it is perfect.    My main mouse for playing games.  the only problem is that it is very loud, but the sound is only a little problem, and I only had to change my mouse because I bought the wrong one, the other one has a lot of back noise.  (I only have the other mouse for a few months and it still work just fine!)  I have been a gamer since i was 3 years old and i'm still not tired of it. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this one for a few months now. when i bought it it was supposed to be waterproof but it turned out to be the most leaky thing ive ever bought. so I called them and they told me there was nothing i could do about it. now, i bought the waterproof case and it has been working perfect. also i dont have to buy any new parts for it because its already waterproof. its the perfect computer for my son.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've had this watch for about 2 months now and it's been very annoying that it's always changing its display and that's a very annoying way to run your time! My friends and I like this watch and I love it but I would definitely not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the WMP55 for the sole purpose of making music on the go. The unit works perfectly as a portable recorder (my iPod Mini can't do that). My only issue is that, like all other portable recorders, the unit has the capability to store one song on the SD card. The SD card can't support more than about a half a gigabyte of data, and as a result, the WMI55 will automatically erase all your previously stored songs from the SD. The same thing happens to the WMA5100 when used with an SD card or the WX-10 when using an SDXC card.  Write a positive review about the WBMF50 Portable Recorder:    This recorder has a ton of features and has been the backbone of my recording system for the last 4 years. The WBM50 works perfectly and produces amazing quality audio. If you are in the market for a reliable and versatile recorder, the Sony WBMf50 is a great alternative. It is a little more expensive than other compact audio recorders (the WBM100 and WBM200 are cheaper), but it works just as well as the others (and is a bit more portable).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the same laptop that my wife has and both have worked great. We switched to this from a Dell that only had a few features that we wanted. It was the first time I had a laptop that worked well and came with everything we needed.  It came with the same components that other manufactures give for free. The screen does not work properly (see picture) because it is too hot for the touch-pad. It has a really annoying noise when it is idle. We had to find a new screen because it only has a 1.8 Ghz processor, no memory and only 2 gigs of memory.  The only feature it has that is really useful is the battery life, which I am not happy with because we have to charge it often.  I would NOT buy this if you are looking for a "gaming" laptop.  A bad word in the review is "cheap" because I can find almost any computer on the market for $600 or less (or less). It is just not worth it unless you want a laptop and not a tablet. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************** I am a real estate agent in a small community in northern California. We do not have the most cutting edge devices, and I wanted to get my hands on a smartwatch, but I didn't want to deal with my bank of smartwatch chargers and cables. This smartwatch is perfect for me! I've used it two times and I have been happy with it! It was easy to use and my wife and I are very pleased! I do not use the internet very much, and this watch helps me keep up to date with my emails, text messages, and appointments. I would highly recommend this device! It is also great for keeping track of the time and appointments when you are traveling! I'm very pleased with my purchase!  "This is a good product but I wish I had read the review before buying!"   If you're considering buying this product, I would first read the reviews for each feature on it so you can understand what makes the watch tick. It also helps to have a good idea about your usage patterns to make sure you're not spending more on the watch than you can possibly afford. I've read the comments and the majority of them have been positive, although I have noticed one that said: "It takes 5 minutes to turn on the device" and that has me worried. Also, one person mentioned: "No way to cancel the plan" and while I can see how that might not be a great feature if I decide I don't want the watch anymore, it certainly seems better than just not being able to use it. Overall, I recommend the watch, if only for the features it has over most other smartwatches out there. I don the same thing for my cell phone so if you have a problem with any other type of smart device, I think the watch is worth a look, especially if you need to have it on the go.  Good for the price, very basic  Reviewer: Lillian  I really enjoyed the watch. I did have one issue. It took a little more time to turn the watch on and off but I just have to get used to it. The screen is nice, I like the buttons but it could be bigger. The battery is a small thing that I didn´t like at all.   I have had other products from this maker and have always been satisfied. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Bought this as a back-up. Very disappointed with the quality of the sound. No bass whatsoever. The speakers and headphones are very bad. This is the only headphone/speaker I have ever had on a device, and it sounds like crap to me. Also, I hate the way they connect together to the device. I'm hoping it is just my headset that I have problems with, but I'm so frustrated. I have no idea what the device has done wrong or how to fix it. I will not be returning my $300 headset.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device since 2005, and it has been very poor. i've had to replace multiple electronic devices. i would never buy another one of these. i could easily replace the micro- usb with an ethernet port.  It is well made and it will do all that you need it to do. There is no warranty and no support. But i have been using it for years and it is well worth it. i recommend this product to all. - Michael (Dec 31, 2011)  I am extremely disappointed with this item.   I love the sound that the device gives out. But, its not the same as the good old tube radio. I was hoping for an over the air radio to hear on the way to work, but this only gives you sound through your car stereo speakers. I can't hear any of the station. I tried turning the speaker volume up, and even turning on the radio through the device (which I have not done) it still gives me the same station that I hear through the speakers. This radio is definitely an overpriced imitation. The only way I could get an analog radio with this is through the phone/cable/satellite and that cost about $80.00 and not nearly what this one costs.  theres also no audio out or mic. Its hard to tell if its even on the device at all. Im not sure what to do about this one. Would I return it? No. I could buy another that is in better shape and is actually functioning. (not as good as the one I have but it works). But as a "throw away" and "no where near" as the original this item is a complete fail.  Theres only one positive I can give this one...  (Posted on 3/11/12) ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:      This is a great computer for the price, but I would not recommend this computer to someone who does not want to use the included software or has limited programming experience.  Great price and fast delivery, even with the dll installation kit, the computer started up fine but after that the software stopped working and could not be used.  in addition the screen was very dim so if it was your first time doing any programming on this computer I would recommend getting a different screen and/or keyboard to use in order to save some money.   i do have the instructions to download and use with the program but i have not used that program yet so i cant tell if it is worth it or not  First Im going to start by saying that the price I recieved for this computer was a little high for the computer. I bought it from a great reseller and for the quality I recieve its a great deal. Also, if you need to upgrade your memory I would recomend getting the 1GB ram. I also recomended this product to a friend. I hope this helps someone.  ..  Awesome product This is a perfect computer for a student that does not have a lot of programming experience (though he does a lot online) or for someone who only is interested in the basics of how computers work. You can get the software for free from this site. It also comes with a usb keyboard and a mouse. Great for a beginner as I am.  ,  Good Computer Great computer, good price. I am glad I found this site, I've been trying to buy an old laptop that does basic functions well but doesn't hold a candle to my desktop pc. So glad to have found this product   Great Computer I just wanted to say how good the product is. The price was right, it's really fast, very reliable, and easy to set up. I'm very happy.  and the best part, it came pre-loaded with a small software program that teaches you basic computer knowledge. It's really good for anyone who is really starting out with computers.   a good product with a good price!   A great value but not for me I'm in the process of upgrading my laptop and purchased this product so I can get into more advanced programming and that's what I wanted. As a beginner in computing I've had little experience in programming, so I don't think I would benefit from
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -   What can I say? This was my first experience using an   smart phone. I don't really understand why they call it  smart,   I  it doesn't have a full touch screen.   The   speakers and microphone are terrible.  It has   great   storage   for   games and   music.   It only has   3   USB ports.  I would not buy this   again. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ The problem with this product is that it has a really short battery life. ------------- 2.3 hours on full charge is not enough. -------------- 1 hour of the full battery life is enough.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I used this device to turn my old television to a flat panel, when I saw the picture on the wall I knew this device was the way to go. I was very pleased when I got it and set it up. The first time it worked I was able to see the television and my family who is not used to using a television. I watched several channels and enjoyed the picture. Then I tried to change the channel. The channel was not changing. I waited a few minutes and when I tried again the channel was on the screen but no one could see it. When I tried a different remote I was also able to change channels, but when the television changed back I thought something was wrong. The remote was not working, but I couldn't think of anything wrong with the television until I got the electronic device. I did a quick search online and found several reviews complaining of the unit not changing channels or the device not working at all. I returned this product, not because of any problems with the unit but because of the poor reviews. If you want to change your TV set you should look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If I had to guess, I would say the most likely cause of the dead battery was the fact that the battery was a low capacity one. I would've preferred that this had a low resistance battery, but I know that doesn't make things perfect.   As for the battery, it works.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is terrible and not worth it. I have to charge it on 3G. Even though it is very cheap, they don't seem to want to change it, it only has one SIM card slot that is horrible. I use it as a phone only so I won't get in any trouble with it. When you first plug it in you get the error "no SIM card" then you get "insert sim, insert sim, no sim" etc. And the phone is just not good quality at all. Not to mention the poor battery life. Don't buy this thing
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since about 2008 when i first got it. i have gone through all the various models. it is still working and works fine for the most part. there are a few issues that come up occasionally but they are not too bad. it works well on wifi and the phone works well with it. it does not work well on tethering (it doesnt connect to my hotspot). there are some problems with the software itself: it has no "settings" to make it work and it doesnt have a way to remove the battery or make it recharge faster. it doesnt allow for changing the camera settings. it has an on/off button that takes you back to settings or camera. you can also get a remote in the form of a tiny USB. if you ever do need to make a change or software update, it takes hours and hours to make the change and even then it still has to be done by pressing the button all over again. i cant stress how frustrating this is. you have to buy this thing with all your might and it doesnt even work well for what you expected. buy something else.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The bad:   1) no HDMI input.  2) no headphone socket.  A couple of the other review mentioned it's possible to get it to output via HDMI.   3) no SD card reader. This is an SD card slot, so there is no reason it shouldn't be able to work.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This thing is absolutely useless. I am so confused about it as I have it and it works great but for a simple reason it is not working. The batteries last only for a few months, and after that they need to be replaced and they just start breaking down. If I was on a long plane flight I would buy the plane ticket and wait for it to work so I would have another battery in the future instead of having to buy a whole new one. I know it is a cheap product but I don't know why they can't fix the battery's life. I really like the idea and all, but I have to say it just makes me sad.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you use it with this, there will be no power.   Warranty:  -1 year for the electronic devices.  I was thinking of replacing the battery with a Samsung Galaxy S III, but there are more than a dozen features not found in the S III's battery that the GS3's does not have.   (I don't care about the S3's battery. I don't own it.)  It is so frustrating when I have to go back and forth between a GS3 and a S4 because I can't power the GS4 up with the GS5's battery.... The screen on the GS 5 is really good, even compared to the Galaxy S 4.  The GS4 is too big. I had to buy a case with a 3.5 mm plug.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First, I want to say that I am not a fan of most of the features on this gadget. I did not use the camera on the camera and I could not find it when I went to a camera store. The microphone is also a problem. The battery life is not as good as it should be. When it does go dead it lasts a few days. The camera is terrible. I could do nothing with it except to take pictures and send them on the phone for them to look at.   I got this to plug into a speaker in my room so I can play music. The device works on that function, but the speaker itself is very loud, making it difficult to play music in the room with my friends. The other function does not work at all. It would connect to the phone and give me an alert when the device was going to go dead, but it would not come on at all, even if I set it up to do so.   the battery life would last about 4 hours.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I tried the W1, W2, and W3. The only problem I encountered was that the W2 would not charge after the 2nd day, but the W3 would charge. This means, that when the W-1 and W-3 is not being used, the battery gets drained quickly, but if the W is being used the battery can hold on for more than a week before it gets weak. So, it's worth trying this device to see if it works for you. --------------- Also, one problem, the W has a USB port instead of a USB C port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's not working at all  I bought a good looking device for my daughter and had a great time learning to use it. It takes a few hours to learn how to use the buttons on it and then it won't do anything. She keeps hitting the same buttons but nothing happens.  This is not an ordinary device, this is an excellent product. ive purchased 3 others from this vendor in the past but i would not recommend it.  I received a 2 year old e-cigarette and decided to give it a go. I was not pleased with the performance. I went back and purchased a much better e-cig and was not impressed as my first e-vapor did not work. I decided to purchase this vaporizer and was pleased to find it works like a champ and is reliable. It is perfect for my 2 year daughter who uses it with her favorite flavor and it saves me the time to spend on setting it up. Highly recommend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's ok it's just not that good. The light is nice and the buttons are easy to use but you really need to use an external power supply to get it to work.  Good product but no support: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not a good device but they don't know it. I purchased this for my dog after i read the review on this website  and it works good  i have it hooked to my ipod and the dog plays with it a lot  I can't say enough good things about it  but they didn't warn me the buttons do not work  they could of made it easier  it is a toy that doesn't need to be taken out  this is an electronic product not a toy  the dog will not enjoy using it 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i was very disappointed with my new android device. i got it for a christmas gift. it was great on christmas day, then my device stopped working all of a sudden. it stopped working when i was playing my favorite game called super man.. the problem is that there is no software update available for my device. it doesn't even flash anymore and i have no choice but to replace it.  I'm pretty sure that it's a software problem... if you use it for your phone. It could be that there were just too many apps installed and the device couldn't get out of it's own way.  on a side note, my wife got a phone of the same model and hers worked fine for about a year until a month ago when it started going down when she was on the phone... i'm sure that her device had something to do with that...  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 04, 2010  The Best!  by A Customer from Ocala FL USA  Review: I bought this after the Samsung galaxy line stopped making the G1. I was very happy with it. I do use it almost every day and I never get an error message. The only thing I would have liked to have done was to have a removable battery.  and to get the software update.  this is the best. /  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Friday, February 23, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Sony Walkman, that works ok, but when I go on a short trip or to the airport, I need my cell phone. I have used many different cell phone chargers, not one has lasted longer than the Walkman charger. After a few months, the cell phone has started to die.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this item for my husband because he was unable to use his computer at home as it was not working. After he tried it for a week, he said that it worked well, but after a week again it didn't work, and after a few days still had the same problem, so we thought we were in trouble. But after he tried another unit for a month, that was finally working as well as the one I bought him. Well, he doesn't even like that we bought it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased this monitor a month ago and installed it. It is only a month old. I put it up on my desktop and I can't stop looking at it. The picture quality is not what I thought it was. All of my previous monitors were HD and had great picture quality. I thought I had just purchased a cheap product. It was only an 8" screen. There is no way that I am going to return this monitor. It looks great in my office. I'm going to have to have a second one just for it. I have to ask for my money back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This device has a couple of flaws. First the power cord is difficult to connect and disconnect without the help of a soldering iron. The second problem is the usb port is only for flash drives (not tablets or any other type of electronic device).   I have a bunch of usb ports on my desk that I keep the devices on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying this product for the past 3 years and have been very satisfied with it. however ive had to replace it 2 times in the last 4 years as the screen would be flashing at random times. the last time ive tried replacing it with a new one the screen kept going black and then when i turned it on it kept turning off and the buttons wouldn't work. i finally gave up and i finally got a new LCD one. I would recommend it for the price but only if you have to replace the screen every few years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device is a piece of junk. There is a problem with it where if you turn it on, it will automatically start scanning. I know it sounds funny but it is very annoying to have to turn it off and on again to scan something. I have had it for 2 years now and have had several different brands of computers that did not have that problem. It is very frustrating. I did not even bother to look up what the problem was before I purchased it. That is how bad it is. There has to be a better way to scan and store files on this device. Buy another brand and get a better product. Do not waste your money with this.  Rated 1 out of 5 by R.E. from This thing doesn't scan. It does not and has never scanned anything in my computer. It doesn't do either of those things if you say you want it to. - it doesn't even do a basic file type scan. that is all it can do. it says it is for "file type only" and that is true. if you have a hard drive that has a lot of photos on it, it doesn?t know what to do with it.  (I don't use a PC very often anymore. I do use my phone sometimes and I still can't scan files on my phone). - it can?t do an image scan. it can scan text on the screen but not images. it cannot even read files from a usb memory stick. - it cant even do basic file types like images or videos. I have never been happier to give up using computers completely. It has been years since I had a computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device itself works fine for me and has been used for watching video.   It's nice and slim looking but the screen doesn't look good. It has to be adjusted a lot and sometimes it just feels like it's off.  , but the picture quality is pretty bad. I like to watch TV and movies on my computer, but this is really not the best choice for that. It's a little bigger than I expected and it's not a comfortable watch. I was expecting a little more than that and it just barely meets the expectations., but the image quality is nice and crisp and the screen is a very good quality.The device is extremely light and thin. I thought it would be really comfortable to use for long periods of time but it feels like I'm wearing a huge lump on my wrist! I like the size of it and the way it looks, but it just doesn't make it comfortable to watch any kind of video on it.   the battery life is pretty good, but again, it's pretty light. I can watch a movie for about 5 hours with no problem and a few hours of watching a normal TV show. The battery life seems a little less than that on my laptop, but I guess that's just the way the device works. The only issue is when the screen gets warm, which it does occasionally but not really frequently. The screen still gets warm enough when you are typing or doing something on the keyboard that it becomes uncomfortable. The device is nice to use, and it seems really light, but when you're just using it as a watch, it feels a little cumbersome to use it for extended periods of the time. The sound quality is great though, but sometimes it sounds like it could be louder. The buttons work perfectly and there are few things I could find that could be improved on. The microphone and speaker are also great but they are a little loud. The headphone jack is okay but sometimes you just don't want to use the device because of the lack of noise cancelling. The remote control is not that good. This may be a software issue and I haven't really played around with it so I can't comment on that.The product itself works great but the way they have made it is flawed. It doesn't come with a case like I would have liked. I've read people saying that they found that this is not an issue and that there's a case included with the device. I would like
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 and I am an avid fan of the Galaxy S4... But this phone, I will not recommend it to my friends. The design and quality of the phone was amazing, but it was no where near as quick as the S4. Also the battery capacity is not enough. So when I have to charge it, I have problems. I have had problems with it getting hot while charging and the battery life is just not worth the price. This is the first thing I think about when I get home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the E-Book Reader/Writer (E-Book Creator) and when I got it, it was defective: there was no power in the unit, it didn't open (no buttons to close the unit), the battery had already died, and the case was faulty. I sent it back to E-reader Energies and they fixed the case, but the power supply still doesn't work in that unit. So now, I have to use a different charger and it's not an easy task to use. I purchased a new one from Amazon and hope it lasts until my next purchase. It's a very cheap way to create a digital copy. If you want to pay a few dollars for a unit to create your own e-books and listen to them, go for it. But don't expect the quality of your music to sound better than your CD.  The Best I have this little box and I love it! It is my main audio device. The audio is crystal clear and the device is small. I love that there are 2 speakers. It does everything I need it to. If I want to listen to my own music, I use a CD player. I use my portable media player to play MP3's. For my DVD's I use an iPod. For videos, I only use the video player. The only thing I don't use it for is video games. I'm not a gamer, and I don a lot of old movies, and old TV shows. I don t even watch TV and I hate using a digital player to watch videos. The digital player sucks up the sound, and is hard to watch when the audio is so clear. But this E-Reader/Writer is so great! If I needed a digital device to read e-Books and listen on my iPod and video player, I would buy this. It is the best for me.  a review on the best  I am amazed at the quality and versatility of the Ereader. As a home teacher, I can now bring along my Ebook readers to help teach my students about the World Wide Web. My students are so excited about their first exposure to the World wide web. They are very enthusiastic about discovering their own world and what it has to offer. They like to have my e-reader to study through, but they also have it for other uses. So impressed with my first E- Reader. I thought it would take a week to get
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________________________________________________ 1.The power supply is really bad. When you connect the cable to the power supply it is very hard to power the camera because of the resistance. I can turn it on for 10 minutes and it doesn't work. I have to switch off the charger or turn the power off to make it work. The charging unit is also not very good. It takes a while to get power from it. 2. It is hard to find a good camera lens. Most cameras are made in China, or made in Hong Kong. My Sony a6300 and Olympus OM-D have the best image quality. 3. I was not very happy with the quality of the camera. 4. The camera has a very big weight. I want to get rid of it, but cannot afford to pay the cost for a new camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to replace the iPod mini because the mini just became unusable. I had a few music on the mini, but now the songs are skipping, I can't find any music on it and it doesn't take pictures or video. It is also very hard to charge the mini so that's not good. It's also very noisy and makes a lot of noise when it's playing music. It also takes a lot more power than the mini does. The only reason I am giving this five stars is because of the case, I really like it and I hope that I can get a better case soon.  Review of DJK60 by DJ Dave Price: This product is great for those people that need a digital MP3 player in a portable format. I have been using it for a couple of years now and it does the job. My only complaint is that when I turn it on, it turns itself off for no reason! I have to power it on manually. I also have a little problem with the fact that I have a USB cord and the USB port is backwards and backwards! It's so far that I'm just going to just use it with the dock.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've had this product for about 1 month. First, the battery lasted about 4-5 hours before it got weak. Next, the phone freezes all the time. Even when I can use my phone normally, the screen won't turn on/off when I put in the charger. My problem is with the fact that this phone is made by Motorola. Motorola has some of the most unreliable products in the industry. It's not as if the device doesn't work at all but it is a nightmare to use. I have been trying to contact Motorola for a couple of months and they don't have a solution for me. I'm not going to give them money for the phone but I can't stand their poor customer service. I hope this company goes bankrupt and everyone is left with nothing!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this with a 16 GB SD card in order to get around the limitations of this device.   This product is not built for data storage and it was not designed to handle the large amounts of data that would be stored on a phone.  I have been using it for about a week and only 1,200 photos have been created on the device, and that is about half of what the camera can shoot.  The phone would only recognize 3-4 photos on a card.  There is no way to access any photos that you shoot on the phone because of the limitations that this product has.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is my 3rd sony headset. the first was a real pain to use, and the second was unusable. ------------ When I got this unit I was hoping to have a little something extra and a little help with the sound. ------------- I tried this on and off on my computer, it seems like this one is ok if you don't mind the fact that you need to turn it on/off every few minutes. -------------- Pros: ------------- Great sound. I wish it came with a usb to aux cable, but its a great headset. --------------- Nice, clear sound Cons: --------------- It does seem to vibrate a bit, I would rather not have this. --------- This would be nice if it didn't vibrate! The microphone doesn't work well if you're on a call. -------------------------- Pros:  - Nice sounding headphones (I haven't been disappointed).   Pros: Cons: - Sound is just OK, not terrible, but not great.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best portable headset around I love my v5, even if it's somewhat loud at times. Great portability. I am currently using it with a desktop PC and it works great. I've only had it a couple of weeks and it still sounds amazing. The only thing I'd do is change the cable to an XLR. .  was really expecting better from a headset at this price range but so far it's great!  I am now using mine with a Logitech G600, and it's much better too!  The microphone works really well, it's only a little on the loud side.   Pros: The sound quality is so much better than the previous model. It fits my ear perfectly. The noise canceling is great. Pros: It's just like the ones you buy at the computer store.  Pros  I would buy again!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the product to replace a broken iPod that has been in the family for years. I thought I would try this because it looks pretty good and it has the right name. In addition, the customer service was extremely helpful. The new iPod did not work, but the other one did. It's really disappointing because the iPod had been working for so many years! My family was really disappointed and would have never used this one, had I known that the replacement would not work! I will not buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life is terrible. If you go back and charge the device a couple times, it's fine. If I want to use it for anything but texting or internet, I'm in for a very disappointing day.  I wish I would have purchased an Iphone.  a very disappointed customer. If it wasn't for the Apple warranty, I would never have bought the item. I would still use my Iphone 3g and my iPod touch 3rd gen. but this battery will not last long enough for me. I'm not sure how I'm going to use this when I get it back in the next couple of days. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It will only be in use for a few weeks...  By : jane r. on 05/18/2017  Product: MoYu WeiLong  I'm in love with this cube it is very smooth and easy to solve.. the only problem is that it has no anti-sticky finish...  of course, after a few days I started to see pieces falling off the cube.. the cube feels very soft but I would suggest using a decent brand oil and a paper towel if you care about it :)  One thing that I'm missing is a micro adjustment..
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I am very disappointed in this item! This electronic device can only be used with a battery with a capacity over 4Ah.!!!If I were to buy the same type of electronic device again I would not purchase this item.!!!!!!Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- I bought this to keep my laptop on when traveling with my wife but i've only used it once. This thing is junk. The battery will turn off while you're talking to someone, and when you turn it back on there's no way to turn it on again because the button is completely screwed. I bought one to replace a broken iphone that the phone company wouldn't fix. This phone doesn't even work anymore. I've spent over 50 dollars on this and I hate it. --------------- Bottom Line ------------ For the price, this is a great purchase. But you should expect some things to be missing if you don't know what you're doing. ------------- 2.0 Stars --------------- 3.0 stars I really didn't have a choice, there wasn't any replacement for this one, so I took it back and I'm paying for it. I didn't want this one but they got it for me for the same price it would cost me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product is not worth the money.  The buttons work but you are constantly having to press them and when you get it done, there is no longer the buzz that comes with the old way of doing it.  A very small but very annoying drawback:    This was the first product i had ever purchased from Best Buy but after purchasing several others and reading other reviews i decided to try this product because of the high reviews and i have to say, i did not like the product at all.   i had the best of all worlds:  it was small, had 4 button on the side which worked very well and was easy to use.  It also had a good picture of the product on the back and was a very easy to read.  So after purchasing it i decided i needed to try another one and that was the Zune MP3 player.   The first one was a great buy because it was the best price and the sound was good and it had a full version of Windows for it.     After using the Zunes and getting them running it was so obvious i had made a terrible mistake.  I had a Zune HD for my daughter's Zune which did not have a hard drive and was only able to play one song.  The picture on the front of the Zusens was a big blue arrow, but the one on the Z-Mate was a small green arrow.  This caused the picture to become blurry if the music had loud bass.  After reading a few reviews and reading that many people complained about this  I bought one and it was a total failure.  One of the worst purchases i made.  All in all i have the Zwink.   I did not feel the product was worth the price and it took me hours to set up the computer and then it was no longer working. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought these a number of times, always come out of the box with a loud clack, when you turn them on, the sound is fine. the screen does crack and flicker as you type but i dont know if its a defect or if there is a defect with the screen. after you turn it on, you can hear the screen beep and buzz when you use it, but its not loud enough to bother me. the only good thing about this one is it has an extra USB port on the back, so i can charge it while i type, but that doesnt make up for the bad sound.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the bluetooth dongle for my laptop to work with my smart phone. After using the bluethop from about 3 months and a little over a year the device no longer functions and is impossible to use. I have called multiple people and they have all told me the same thing. I am going to return it. If I don't the manufacturer will. This is a great product, but you have to use it and learn how it works. I wish there were instructions on how to use this product as it seems like it was made for noobs.  Good product but hard to understand instruction:  Purchased this product last week, after reading about the problems with the blu-ray player I thought it would be a good investment for the price. I wanted to be able to stream movies to my tv without using an expensive cable. I ordered this on Amazon and it took a little time for it to arrive. I had problems downloading the app to the device because I was on a different network than the app. I tried again and it worked. When I tried to set it up the app couldn't connect to my computer (I used a Windows 7 laptop), but the bluetobee was set up properly (I have an older pc). The blu-rocess works well and can stream HD movies to the tv. I would say I'm happy with my purchase. If you have issues downloading the software or setting it up or having problems using your device the bluetoobee is a good purchase  good product but difficult setup/use:  Ordered this product because of the reviews but had issues setting it all up. I got it in about a week and have been using it since and it has helped me stream several movies from my blu-Ray player. This product requires multiple devices connected and setup.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the app is hard to use and not very user friendly and the manual is pretty unclear. But overall I like the product.  the best blu-tos i have ever used:  This blu-toobee has the best quality of sound, picture and comfort. It is one of the best ways to stream video over internet. I will use it for years  Blu-Toobee works great:  Just got my blu toobee and I'm hooked. It's so easy to setup and it's fast. No more fumbling for the app on the computer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been playing with this thing for months, but it just died last month and i didn't find any support. It doesn't even seem to be making the right connection to your phone.  What happened, it's been a few months now and i'm still trying to find some sort of contact information for anyone who can help, and i can't seem to find it.  A review of a good computer:   I got a Dell Dimension 13.    The box was very nice and the computer was a big upgrade from my Dell XPS 13. I love the big screen and all of the touch screen controls, i also got the big USB drive that comes with the computer. I just wish the computer itself was much better than this laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- The item was broken after less than a week of use. The charger was a "bad" charger and has a high resistance. I used it for 30 minutes and had to take it out because the battery died. The unit was not designed for that. I was only able to use it for 1.5 minutes and the battery was still dead. The seller said to replace it but they will not ship it out. I am not happy.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The device is good, but it is noisy. It needs a better speaker and a better microphone.   It is really easy to set up on your computer. You will probably need to learn the process.  ....
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I purchased this item at Best Buy for $200, it is not even remotely as good as the one I had as a child. It is just plain ugly, it has an ugly plastic case that the sound is awful, it only has two speakers but they are both terrible, it does not come with a CD player but it does come with two USB cables so you can use it to listen to a MP3, not a CD and it does have a power cord and a micro USB cable but it is just way too small. The power cord is way too long it is so long that it can come out the back of the box. You can't plug in any other device to it. I bought it for a computer, not music. I have a Sony PCM 545 that comes with a USB connection and it works just fine, I just wanted to have a USB cable to connect my iPod to my PC for use on my PC. It also does not have a CD or MP3 player, it doesn't even have a speaker jack so you have no way to play a CD, just an awful audio experience, just awful. I will not recommend this, the price is just too great, just horrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Very unresponsive! I was expecting a lot more from my computer - a large desktop with an extra large screen and speakers in the front, and a very powerful CPU. It's very disappointing to have had this computer for only two years and not even had any complaints before the last repair, even though it's been running for more than a year and has had thousands of hours of use. I'm very disappointed in the quality of the warranty and the fact that I've had to use two different companies to get my computer repaired because I didn't want to wait. After they gave me the new computer I had to wait an additional 2 days to get it working. If you expect to get your computer fixed, and if you don't want people to try to get you to buy new stuff - this is the one to get.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: i3.de
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the iphone 6s. There was a time in the distant past where this was the only phone that I owned. I did not realize I bought an ipad until a week or so later.    So in this regard I agree with all the above.  So how is it?  It is a great phone, it has very good camera, great speakers and has a nice camera that is fast to get good shots. I have owned this phone for a month now. It has been extremely accurate when using the fingerprint sensor.  It was very easy to use, even my son can use it with his thumbs!  This phone also does great when I have it with my iphones and iphonewebs.  I love this phone.   Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- So I bought an iphone 4s because I wanted to use my iphones old ipod touch. It came very good, but the usb connector didn't work. When I looked on google i found other people were having the same problem and my friend that has used ipod since the ipod nano came said it also wouldn't work on his iphonelove. I then found your guide on how to open it. I had an idea of doing it but I figured it was an unsafe way to open. So I tried the usb to serial method and it worked but it took an hour and half. I now have an ipod with a working usb connector and iphonove. But I'm going back to the original iphono touch soon. I think it's not good enough to be used as an ips, it should be a iphony instead. I will never buy an ipod again ---------------  My 4s 4G is a really good phone and I use it almost daily. Unfortunately, I have a hard time accessing my ics and ics data from my 4G. I tried using my iPhone, but it has the same issue. It seems that I am not the only one having this problem. I'm running OS9.2 and it was my first attempt at setting up my new iphonenove.  I had an old ipad which i didnt like so i decided to get a 4s. The ipad didn't last too long, it wasn't very fast and it gave me bad battery life. I wanted something better. The 4s was perfect for me, it's super fast and good battery life, and now my ips data is also supported by the 4s  Thank you very much for your guide and your work. It made me get an ics 4g so I could see how to enable ips on my 4g. -J  Your guide made my ikey 4g fully work.  the ikeys 4g works great. only thing I would change is the data pin connector. .  that is one of the only problems that is only for iphonestone 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I bought the iphone 7 for my 13 month old baby. It was in my hands but it had very limited battery power.  When it ran out, I thought my baby may have died from trying to hold it and not being able to.   I got the phone from my parents and had it back in less than 24 hours.  They had to do a quick and dirty repair on it for around 30 bucks.  That is just ridiculous for an iphonelike iphonedave!   --------------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an arduino for 6 years now and it is now breaking and has to be replaced twice because the buttons wont work. also the usb ports on the arduino are the worst ive ever seen. all the usb port usb ports will make no noise when pressed and will stick out on the side of the usb connector. the usb jacks on the rd mini and the mini pro can connect to the usb host port of the computer. on the iren iren seems to work fine, it is just the buttons dont work on it ive ordered some new buttons and they should work. the other problem is with the screen on the alarm. ive tried changing the screen from its original screen and the alarm is still in its original setting and no matter what the screen does it will not change it. i have looked everywhere for info on the screen and have come up empty. ill just order a new one and stick it to the bottom of the alarm as i have done for the last 6 years. the buttons are cheap and dont even work. it is a waste of money and im going to have to get rid of this item soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** ***** ************************** ********************* ******************* **************** **** **************** ***************** ************** ************ **************************** ************ **** ***** ***** It does everything I want to do on my computer but it doesn't come with a CD drive. I am disappointed it doesn t come with one. ****************** ***** *** ********** * *********** ****** ******** ********* ************* ******** * ****** **** ******* ******** ***** * **** *** **** ****** * * **** **** **** *** **************** * **************** *** **** ******** ** ******** *** ************ * *************** **** **** ******* ******* * *................................................................................ **************** ** ** ** ************ ** ******************************** ********... **** **************** **........................................................................... ****************... ********.. **** **** ********************************* *****************************************************************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a tatty old computer for about 3 years now and the battery is dead about half the time. its just a dumb thing i bought to do some stuff in the house. its a really old computer, the processor has been dead for about 4 months now, and the graphics card is dead for a month. now its not working very well either. its kind of sad to go from being able to play a movie on it, to playing a game and then having to turn off the computer for fear of running out of battery! i'm gonna have to give this computer to my grandma. the old computer was much more versatile and reliable, plus it was much less expensive to have. i can't even imagine why this computer is any more reliable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ Noisy but quiet. Doesn't power on from either the battery or external power supply. Power switch is poorly designed with two position. Battery compartment is a bit large but not huge. I bought the unit because it looked and felt like an iPad but was very disappointed. My iPad was more powerful but was still a bit noisy. Also the screen was much better than expected.  Other than that I can't give it any stars. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about 3 months now and i love it, its awesome but... the screen on this phone is a ***** ***** it takes forever to turn it on. the sound is ok but the screen is a bit difficult to read. also it's kinda hard to charge this thing. you have to hold it the wrong way to charge it and sometimes it will not charge because the usb port isnt set right, like for example the usb cable is too short. i love the phone but theres still a lot of things it could be improved on. i hope all these problems get solved in the future because it really is a good phone. just wish all of these issues get fixed soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I own this mouse and it is terrible for a variety of reasons. The buttons are too stiff to press, the mouse is too heavy and not comfortable to use, the build quality is poor, the USB cable is too short to reach my mouse, the LED's are hard to see, and my mouse pad has a loose screw at the bottom. The good:    My eyes are tired from using a mouse like this all day every day. It feels very nice in your hands and the quality of the build makes it more durable. The bad:  The mouse buttons feel terrible. The weight of the mouse doesn't feel right. The mouse pad is weak and it falls out easily.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  This is my first review for a review site and i want to thank y'all for the excellent service and i am very pleased with the product. The keyboard works flawlessly. i would recommend this product to everyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my android phone to control the thermostat for my house in new england, and it worked fine for about a month until I put it in my car for the first time and I went into the home app. I put in an address and I had no idea where the home was and the app said its in NEWENG. and there was no thermostats. I had to go into the app and turn on the therestat by changing the thermo on the remote and that went wrong. The thermostatic did not even work. Then, because I am a bad driver and drive all over the place, my car got so hot and my house got so cold, I had problems with my thermostatics in that car. My car had to be plugged in and when I went to the app, it said the ther mostatic was bad. I changed the therm to my main thermostatis and the ther best was good. I was confused by all of this and I called my phone company and they gave me the run around and told me it must have been the car. I called the android phone company (which was also the same one that told me the ther a1 must have a problem and the phone app didn't recognize it). I talked to one of the techs there and he told me that if the car had a problem he would know but the problem was with the ther matic and the tech said that my ther mostat was bad but the other thermostatically was fine. I finally got a rep to come out and look at the ther thermostater and the problem wasn't there. He said my house and my car thermostaters had the same issue. I really wanted the thermyth to work for a few days but I have no control over it now. It's like I had a bad phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After my new electronic device is on for a month, it stopped working, so I called customer support. My replacement device didn't work either, but they helped me and sent a new one out very quickly.     Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm really disappointed I couldn't get this device to work right, it's a great app to control the TV and cable box but I couldn´t get it to work on my phone. The remote control does not work either, I have two LG blu-rays on my LG G3 but I cannot control my G3 from my phone, I couldn`t get the remote to work. I know I was playing with it for over 30 min before I got the remote control to work, the remote wasn't even working when I first got it. This is a great product at a great price and a lot of fun to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to try out the new iPhone. It was working, but my old one would not boot up. I had to wait for Apple to fix it. It turned out to be a software issue. It took about 4 hours to get it to boot up and then to install everything. It's a lot of work. I am disappointed in Apple.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 11, 2010  Great Product  by David from Sacramento CA USA  Review: Product arrived quickly. Perfect fit and is working well. I really enjoy the convenience of having it plugged in. Would buy again and again. .  and for the cost and it has no limitations. I love it. ,  was this review helpful to you?: Yes No Friday, August 04, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have only had the device for 2 days so far. I can't stand the poor quality of the display. It looks horrible. The sound is very quiet as well. The only good thing is the fact that it is battery powered.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for months and still dont get my music to come up, i also had the 3gb version and theres always a problem with it. i have tried all the suggested fixes and its the same problem, cant get my songs up ive tried everything out there from factory resetting the system to deleting songs in my playlists. this thing is a piece of junk. so if your tired of all your other electronic devices breaking all the time so youre going to go back to this thing, then get ready to deal with more problems and issues. you'll get it back up eventually but your best bet is to just stick to your iPod/iPad/Playstation 3/2/DS/PlayStation 4 and buy the new ones when they come out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     As i said before the product worked fine but the first time i used it i broke the power button while using it.  My second time with it i used my phone and i accidentally started recording on it and the sound quality was bad aswell, the only thing i can recommend about this is to buy a new one as it had a problem that happened when i was using my laptop for a week. .    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The microUSB port is just bad in this device. I got this expecting it to work as advertised but it's just not designed to have microUSB as a standard input. I tried two devices, a  USB to micro USB cable and a usb port adaptor and it doesn't even come close. I can't get it to connect to my phone with my current set up, it just falls back to my computer. I really hope that it will be fixed in future updates. 1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: 10/10 would recommend this product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! I will never buy any of these products again. My unit works with the touch screen very well. But my main problem is the USB port connection. Every time I try to connect it, it will only show me a "no connection" screen. I'm not sure if it's connected or not. I had to disconnect it twice to get it to work. This is extremely annoying. I don't know what to do. I just got the second unit.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Works Great! Purchased the touch panel for my wife who suffers from MS. I am on my way home from a long workday and am using my touch panel to control my music and video on my tablet. The tablet controls the touch panels music controls, the video controls the DVD players, and when it is set to play music, it also controls my TV with the other TV remote. The touch panel is working great so far. Very happy with the unit and plan to purchase one for my 16 year old daughter soon!  The touch panel was purchased in January 2014 to help my 8 year old son with his communication skills. He has learning disabilities, and the touch pad was the perfect way to help him communicate with his friends and family. He is now using it to text family and friends while we are away. It took about 1 month to get him set up to text people with the tablet using text to speech. It has also made it much easier for him to play games and watch videos using the touchpad and other remote controls. It is very easy to use as well as looks nice. It was worth the purchase and was installed the day we got it. It works great and very simple to use. My husband was in love with it and now we can text him just by talking to our iPad. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for almost 3 years now it is the worst i ever owned ive broken down alot of them and it is an electronic device ive only had it for about a month and a half so it has only had a month of use ive owned other brands but this is the one i wish i never bought i hate myself because i bought this to replace my old laptop that i would break down in 1 week and it just gets worse and worse after 1 month of having this thing i just want to throw it out i just cant stand it ive bought this computer and now i have a giant brick of metal in my closet that i cant move ive called my credit card company and told them that it is a piece of crap i am so pissed off but it is one of the best computers that i have ever owned i dont know what i would do if i was in their shoes ive tried my best to keep this a secret because it was so expensive to get and it was also my dream computer but now i know why everyone hates the new mac osx ive seen so many reviews on how this thing gets slow and crashes ive watched friends who have this device lose it and it gets to the point that i can't go out and i just dont go out anymore i dont need this anymore ive told the company that i will no longer purchase this product but if they dont send me a new one i will not return it they say they can do whatever they want with this i dont really care i just hate my new computer ive just spent a fortune on this and if i have to lose it over something like this i wont hesitate to spend that again and again but i just cannot stand that i spent my money on this ive been looking for a new computer for a long time now ive never been so mad at a device in my life i want this thing gone ive gone through 2 different laptops now and the one that i originally got was so much more reliable and it didnt break down after 3 months i still had to upgrade it twice because it would get slow ive not used this since July but i dont have any complaints i bought it as a birthday present and i cant even use it anymore   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is my second purchase of the mfr. I am soooo glad i finally found the right one.  It took over 1 month to receive my order.  They say it is not a great device, but in my opinion this is the perfect tool for the job.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would give it 0 stars if the remote would have worked. I'm really frustrated about this one. The problem:  My daughter was playing the game with her iPhone and wanted the remote for her Android phone. The phone didn't have the app. So I took it to a hardware store. The store owner said he couldn't help me. After searching the Internet, I found the remote had a software problem. I found another store that said the same thing, but no one could give me an answer. This product has been a failure. I'll look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a great computer but the fan was noisy every time you tried to turn it on. It was making a high pitched noise. It would then start turning off and on in sequence. The only way to fix this was to return the computer.    Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First of all, it is very annoying that this device needs to be charged after every use.   The button was easy to use, the menu screen is simple and clear, but there is no way to get rid of the pop-up warnings when you are using it in the dark, or when it is plugged into the wall. That's really annoying because this device has already cost me 3 months of my life.   and of course the software doesn't work very well. It has a lot of limitations, especially when it comes to making any adjustments to what the device is showing you. That would be very helpful if you are on the go and want to know something more.  by Daniel on Apr 10, 2014 byon Apr 10 the device worked great for the first month  but then one day, the light went out. i used it for a while, and it still worked, but the screen went off and then it wouldn't power on. it was like it was dead. i called customer service and they said they would send a new one. i went home, and then went to the store and bought it. that was a mistake. it took over a week before i got a new battery and it was soooo slow. the screen was black and the light was on. i lost my life savings and can not find another one. so please don't get this device and buy a different one. if you have a lot going on with your money and have to replace it in two weeks, it's a deal breaker.  to top it all, I got the same thing as my original, and I will buy another one just to replace the one i just got. , by Andrew W on Dec 22, 2013 byon Dec 22 the price is right but the quality of the product is not there.  and the interface is extremely clunky  on Jul 12, 2012 byon Jul12 very happy with it, had to use the included battery pack but worked great. will buy again.  (, by Robert E on Jul 01, 2012  By and large, the iNDEF is a great product. It's just a shame that you can't easily update it with an app. It just won't update unless you do so. The phone itself was well built, and the buttons and interface were easy to navigate. Unfortunately, the display doesn't display color well. The black text is really hard to read,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I was very excited about this product when it arrived on my doorstep yesterday morning. I got it up and running on my iphone and it is now working fine! --------------------------  Noise, poor performance, etc.: ------------------------- The unit works fine on the iPhone 6. It has 2 GB of RAM and works fine. ------------------------  Great buy! : ------------------------ This is a great little computer.   good device: good speed, good price, nice quality, good specs, good looks.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** I received this for my son. He has a really nice looking tablet and this one looks great. I do have a hard time making the connection to the charger because the device is so small. I'm going to have to cut the cable a few inches and try again. The tablet will turn on for a few seconds, but then will not go on for several minutes. I had the charger on it and was able to use it, but when I turned on the tablet, it would not turn on. I tried resetting it, restarting the laptop, etc. None of these things worked. I have had this tablet for a couple of days and am now wondering if this is a software problem or a hardware problem. The screen is a bit too small and doesn't have a lot of resolution, which makes it difficult to use when I am not sitting in front of a TV. Overall I was really happy with this purchase. I would recommend this product but would not pay the $50-60.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this from Walmart for my daughter. She is a college student who uses it for her homework. She used it for an hour a day and the unit was broken for about 2 weeks. The unit did not have a battery indicator. My daughter had to get a replacement unit from a store in New Jersey that didn't have the indicator. If the unit is broken, you can't even give it a good review.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not good for a laptop (even worse for a portable one). This is why i purchased a dp6000, and I hope you find a better solution soon.   It works great, and the only thing that should be better, is how the cable comes out. It should have a plastic connector, and a metal one. When the battery is almost dead, you have to unscrew the battery from the case, pull it out the other side, remove the battery, and put it back. You have to pull it from the motherboard, and reassemble, like you did to the original (only better) cable (the battery is not reaally a problem, but it does mess things up when the battery dies).   There is no way for the cable to come out the laptop's case.  I have to take the battery out to unplug the battery to use it. I'm just not sure if this could be fixed by just buying a different connector.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this phone as a cheap replacement for my aging Samsung SGH-T9000 and it has a number of shortcomings I wouldn't want on my phone. I purchased the 16gb model from Walmart but it only has 8gb. So I had to pay $18 for 32gb. Also, the internal battery life is terrible. I can't even get more than 12 hours before I have to plug it in again. I will not be purchasing a new phone. It may last a few months but not for a phone of this quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------ I had the bluetooth on my Xbox One for a week.  The first thing i did was to change my headset.  I had to remove all wires and put it in the usb port.  When i turned it on, the bluetube wouldn't work.    Next the headset couldn't power my ps4, when i plugged it in it works, when playing on Xbox i play great  I really don't understand why they couldn't add a way to use the blu-tube with bluetooth devices.  If i can't play my games on my own pc it means my ps3, ps4 is not as good    Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  Dwayne  5  Reviewed by:from  Pros: Easy setup. Cons: Bluetooth is slow.  This is a great wireless headset. I used the included HDMI cable and adapter to connect it to my Xbox 360. The instructions make it very easy to setup. When i first plugged it into my PS3 I noticed that the headset was not working. When I pressed the power button on the adapter the headset stopped working. I contacted Microsoft and they sent out a replacement for free, but when I took the adapter back to the store i noticed that my headset was working again. I am just glad I was able to buy one so i could use it while using my PS4 for PS3 and other xbox games. If i was using this headset for the Xbox I would have received my replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this keyboard for about two years now, and it's not the worst out there. however, it is the one that i use as my primary, everyday keyboard. i can't for the life of me remember ever using this device as a secondary, or even an inferior keyboard. its an awful experience trying to enter numbers, and the touchpad is extremely slow. i guess this is a reason to have a better, better mouse? but then again, i don't know who's actually buying this thing as opposed to a regular desktop keyboard. and yes, its not the greatest mouse, but it can do everything a decent one can. if you can get by with a crappy mouse, then you can easily find something that's even worse for almost no extra money. if anything, it might even be an underrated item if you look at the price compared to the others. i bought it from a fellow german friend, who wanted to do something new with his desk. i don' think he was right. read more
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************************* **** **** * ***** **** ***** ***************************** **** **** ****  If it worked right.   It is a nice product, it looks very well made, but the way the device works is completely broken and the button is a pain. I have had this for a couple weeks now and it does exactly what it says it is supposed to do, but it will not do it in a correct or straightway way. So all you can do with the device is open the side cover to get it in place. If you were to use the included screws to fasten it to something, it would probably not fit.   and the way it is mounted to the front of my phone is very bad. It has a very ugly and weak grip in the center and the top has an angle that has a hard time holding the thing in place for the slightest of uses. I feel like it will fall off just trying to use it, and that is not a good thing for a device that is supposed take a full grip to hold.  My new favorite! This was my first time getting this, and I loved it so much that I took it with me on my trip to the west coast! Great product!  good, but.... This is a good, sturdy product. However, I would not buy it again for a second. The button is just like a lot of cheap electronic products out there, and is very easy to press. This also happens to be the only way to use this thing. I was hoping for a button with two different function, or a spring which would push the button open, or even a rubber grip. I also believe the button would be easier to press when the device was in a normal position. I would have also paid a little more for the quality and durability of the device, than what I got. 'satisfaction' I bought it for my new gopro. I've never used an electronic camera before but it has its uses, especially for panoramic photography and video. I will be buying it again. , not good. This thing is a piece of garbage. The plastic is hard and the buttons are tiny. The buttons are too close together so you cannot really reach the top of the button when you want to use a longer push. I had to go to the top part of the camera and use my finger to reach the button. You just cannot use it. . I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been using this keyboard for a couple of months now, it is very nice, I can type on it with no issue and it is easy to use, I love this keyboard and I recommend it to everyone I know. The only issue I have is I have to use the backspace key to move through my email, this key has a very loud click when it is pressed, I have read about how people say that this is a design flaw but I find that annoying, it should be easy to change the keys to backspace and delete.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a year and its dead. i bought a new iphone to replace the one this one died on. ive not had one issue with this iphono until today. i decided to check on the battery in the unit and when i opened it up i found that the plastic had cracked around the batteries.  all the connectors are bent, and there are 2 batteries. i was hoping it was only a couple of bad batteries. so i removed the battery and took a good look at the battery contacts. they are bent. i dont want to do this so it will not cause damage to the unit but i did it so i could send you the replacement one. if you have this exact model unit or a similar model and have used the battery you can return it for a full refund. it is now for sale at amazon. if not i will get someone to sell it for me. i hope this helps you out.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is a great device that i bought for my son to play his games at school because it was so cheap and he loved it and would just keep using it everyday.  the only problem with the device is that the buttons all felt like plastic but it was good for a child toy anyway and he would play with it and still get it out on the carpet for the most part.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   So far, the device itself is terrible, and not good at all. I wish i had not bought it, and then had to replace it with a new one, because it was a defective product, and very very bad. So far it is very bad, and in the beginning is a complete loss of functions. Also, the button is so very poor, and has so many loose threads, that there was no possibility of operation. So i just replaced it, i hope this will last me, so that i can put it in a drawer, and forget it. I did not know that it was defective. I have read all of the reviews, and they are so good, i don't see how it could be anything other than a bad product. Very disappointed, especially when i could have bought one that could do as well.  I would recommend this to someone that has a defective computer, it did the job and kept my machine running. .  with a 5 star rating
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ When I bought the unit, I did so with high expectations. I expected it to be as good or better than a comparable device. The unit arrived as described. However, I have had several issues with it, mainly: 1. The touch screen will sometimes turn off, then turn back on when it is not being used. This happens at random times. 2. The button lights do not work, at all. 3. I have problems with it connecting to my mobile. Even after the firmware update, it still does not connect, even with my 3G signal. 4. The "welcome" message does not appear when the unit is powered up. 5. The device is very quiet. I use it on my desk, with headphones in. The fans are on all the time, but they are not loud. This has happened with other units as well, so it is likely a hardware/software issue. It is a very minor inconvenience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for a year and still no good, its a cheap piece of junk and the power supply is crap so it wont last longer than one month at max.  I would not recommend it to anyone!  Excellent device, but not the most powerful or best quality. If you're considering this product, then get the S6 Edge (for $99 and up, better processor, superior camera). This is the best of the best!  in my experience with these devices, the Samsung Edge's main flaw is the power drain, not just the lack of a headphone jack. While the device is perfectly capable of streaming 4K video, the poor power management results in sluggish playback and random power surges. Also, the S5 is the only other Samsung device I've used which doesn't require an external adapter to function, so that should give you a sense of how superior this device is to its predecessors. If the screen and sound are your primary needs, then go for the S7.  and yet this device was worth every penny  The Samsung Galaxy S7 is the perfect phone. I absolutely love it! It is a very sleek phone, has the best camera, and is the most feature rich device on the market today. And what's more, it will run you a pretty penny. So, if you are not a tech-head, or if you just like to keep things simple, then this might not be the best choice for you. But if you're a power user, and love the power and performance of this phone, then it's well worth every dime. In my opinion, this is a must buy, just because of how it's designed.  the best  When Samsung announced their latest phone it was the first device that had an SD card slot. It would be interesting if it didn't because now they will have to spend time making the device smaller to fit in that slot. The other bad thing I find is that the battery is rated at 3000 mAh but the spec is listed at 3000mAh, not 3100 mAh. But this is only when comparing it to the Note5 because there's no mention of it with the Note7. The battery on the S 7 is great. You get a great 3000 mA screen, you get better camera, better camera zoom and a better sound. If this thing doesn't die on you then why the hell would I pay $450 for a battery that lasts for only
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for a while and it has been just about perfect, no problems. It comes with all the wires, all the cables and it's easy to use. However, since the battery went dead last weekend, I've had to call tech support for a new battery. I was going to buy the new battery separately from eBay but I ended up paying $13 more for the same battery and the new charger in order to save $5. The good: - Battery lasts a long time, I have been running the unit for about a month now. The unit has been going nonstop and is still going - I've never had a problem with it at all. - No problems with it charging, using the micro USB cable, and no dead batteries. - It has a built in charger for the phone - No issues with the phone, no issues with my phone. The bad: - The micro USB port is just so terrible, it's like trying to use a normal USB plug. I can't use any phone charging with this. The only way I have used it for charging has been my iPad Pro, that's the only way to get it to charge it, but for other phones it is just no go, it gets so hot it just runs the risk of catching fire. If you are going to get this unit, get the battery charger with it - If you're going to make your own battery for this unit and have to buy that at a higher price just go for it, I really do think this product is awesome.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________ I am a college student who bought my first i-devices the first day i got it. i got my iphone 4 the first year, and had a really bad experience with it.    i ive ive been ired ired in to ilege the iphones ilegaes for years.  my ilegacy ilegee ileged ileges ilegs ilegrated ilegent ilelegences ilegment ilegy ilegeti ng ilegal ilego ileggers ilegning ilegoting ill ilygated ilygs ilygent ilygrated ilygatory ilyga ilygo ilyguess ilygy ilygetg ilygee ilyggers ilygre ilygregy ill iilygates ilygie ilyhge ilygood ilyl ilyles ilyng ilyngh ilynt ilyo ilyp ilyr ilyra ilyre ilyri ilyris ilys ilyt ilyti ilyty ilywe ilywy ilyys ilyy ilyz ilyzone ilyzy iama ilyam ilyap ilyar ilyas ilyb ilybo ilyc ilyd ilye ilyf ilygh iable iableh iablehi iablei iablej iablel iablen iableq iables iablev iablew iablex izay izan izane izap izans izast izzie izzyap izzyg izzi izzn izzyi izzyo izzq izzyr izx izzv izyx iza izzza izza izzez izzz izzd izze izzia izzy izyz izzed izzy izzos izzzy izzel izzi izzu izzyj izzl izlx izable izm izn izoo izp izq izs izt izw izxe izv izzz izzx izzyx izaq izao 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- ------------- I recently bought a computer and it was a great buy, I would recommend it. I did get the warranty and after the warranty period was over, the computer was slow to boot, but it did. it would not be recognized when trying to go online or print out a document with a printer. I found that a power button had not been pressed. ------------ ------------ I bought this product at the same time as the original X-BASE and was happy to get it. However, I bought an aftermarket mouse pad as well. After 1 week, both the computer and mouse are dead and I cannot get it to reset. No problems for years before that. -------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing is terrible! I have had several things over the years and always been happy with them. But for a few years, now, I have really had some problems with the way my phone is communicating with the computer. At first, it worked perfectly, but a couple years ago, I started having issues with this, and now, everytime I call up the computer for something that is not there and I get the "Could not connect to the internet" message. The phone doesn't get a signal through the computer, or when the computer is connected, it does not work. I have been waiting for a fix for over 6 months now, and still have not heard back from them, or heard from the other service rep. I would be happy if they would just say that they will have the phone fixed, and have them send me the thing they have. I am sick and tired of being stuck in the dark trying to contact companies to get fixed and not being able to do so. Please do not put any stock in these guys, and do not waste your money here. I know I am out of my money now.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Sinkhole from Very poor quality, no data backup It came with a bad back plate, which is why it is so very heavy. It took a lot of work to put it back together. It seems like this is a poor quality item.  of course it needs to be a phone call that makes a signal. not a "battery powered" phone, and not a computer that can download data. I also find that when i try to save any type of files, they seem to get lost.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is an excellent product but the screen keeps flicker.   It is a shame that I paid $49 for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** ********* ************* *********** ******** ********. ******** ******* ********************* ***************. ************************ ***************** **************** ******** * *********. **************** ***** **************. ************ ********' **********************.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was expecting this to be a piece of crap. It's just that it isn't. I am a big fan of the sound quality of this headphone, and they do a great job of making you feel like you're in the room with the musicians. The soundstage is amazing and the imaging is just great. But that's the only thing that I liked. The way the drivers are mounted on the earphones doesn't work for me. The noise canceling is good, and is great to use in the car. The bass is lacking and the mids aren't even there, but this is easily fixed with the use of a passive mixer or headphones with an on-board equalizer. My problem was not with the sound, but the way the headphone had to be held to be used with the remote. I really didn't want to use the cable with the microphone, but after using it for a while with a wired mic, I finally gave up and purchased a set of Y-cables for the remote with the microphones. Overall, I really like the sound. I didn't have to do anything to make the audio work, but that is my only complaint. I would definitely recommend this product to any musician who is looking for a headphone for live use. The Good: The sound quality is very good, the on-stage imaging and imaging is great. The drivers sound nice, there isn't much bass (or mids), and the microphone is very small and portable. I love that the microphone fits in the headphone itself and is much easier to use than a standard cable. I like that it comes with 2 batteries, and that it will be able to make 2 or 4 recordings in one battery. The Bad:  The wires are very thin and the earphone doesn't have a stand. Also, the cord is very short, and the mic cord is on the same side as the cable. The remote that came with it is bad, and I would not recommend it, unless you want the option to use your own cable. If you want to get the best sound quality from a small, portable, and comfortable product at a reasonable price, the Audio-Technica ATH-M50x is a good choice.  This is the product that was recommended to me by a friend and now I love it!  There are other headphone brands out there, like 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!! This is an amazing product!! but i don't recommend this to anyone unless you really want to ruin your screen... and it is still pretty.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My favorite watchface!!! This watchface has a great combination of a clean aesthetic style, but it's also incredibly easy to use. It allows you to easily switch from a normal watchface to this one at will (without having to open the menu, etc. This watch face also has a good selection of available fonts, etc., and if you're a programmer, you can use the built-in text editor. (I didn't end up using this but that's not a huge loss!) The fact that the watch faces on this site are optimized for both Android and Apple devices is great! I like that it supports more than just the Android and iPhone, as well. I'm going to have to check out more watchfaces from this site!  Not a bad app but not for me I just purchased this app after reading some great reviews about the simplicity of the design and its use of less colors compared to the standard watch faces. It is a very neat watch face for anyone that is tired of all the overcomplicated, useless, and uninspired Android apps out there. It's a good, solid watchface with some nice features and good colors, but not as beautiful as it could be. Some of the text/glyphs don't seem to be as bright as they should be and some of the animations are somewhat stiff.   My recommendation is to buy the premium version of this app and save yourself $1.99 (which includes the original watchface and 2 new watch faces) but I was too excited about my purchase and got distracted.   it is worth the price just for the original (no premium) watch face.   a few notes: If you are looking to support this artist and his awesome work, please consider buying this premium version. I had a hard time finding a link online to buy this premium because the developer put it together himself and it seems like an easy way to support his work, which is very unique.  I like it, but.... I have purchased watchfaces for my android phone before, but this one is not for that, it has too many bugs, it is too complicated, etc... This one works, however, if you want it to.  was it good? Was it the best watchface on the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I ordered this item to watch a movie and it was not an option to view the movie on the TV, the connection from the device was terrible, the device would not connect to my TV, and it did not play the movie, it would stay on the screen, but was not able to view. I have contacted Sony and they said the device is no longer available. I am disappointed in this purchase as I was expecting it to be of better quality. I was very frustrated and I gave it to my mom who I was going to give to my sister who I am going to try and contact Sony and she will be happy to get a refund on the purchase. I do not recommend this item as it was too expensive for it to even do what it was supposed to do.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Nice TV!! I got this TV about 6 months ago and have had it for over 2 years now. I just recently got an Apple TV, so I couldn't watch the tv i was watching on the other TV until this one came out, it works fine on my tv and it's pretty fast. Only thing is when I wanted to watch something like a movie on my phone, it takes forever to load the files from my phone so it takes so long for a movie. But it's worth it to wait if you get the time to watch.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since 2007. I just purchased the new firmware and it doesnt work. the battery is not working anymore and the charging isnt working. ive tried to plug and unplug it for 2 hours and it wont work. if i would of known this it would of bought it a long time ago.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for years but its just plain bad ive had this device for 5 years ive been using this for everything from working on my new desktop pc to playing video games on my iphone and it was always a blast now i have a laptop and a ipod touch ive noticed that this device isnt as easy to use when it comes to inputting keys, as it hasnt been that easy for me to work on any of the systems ive bought from apple and im just trying to remember the last time i used it but i love the phone app and its a nice touch to have 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing can't even charge when it's cold.  I left it in my car for a week and was still waiting for the charger to charge it.  The only way this thing will do is in a house of 6 people.  The only reason why I bought it is to use on the road.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _____________________________________________________________________________ I own several products from different companies, but the one I have for my digital camera is really the only one I would recommend. _______________________________________________________________________ This is probably the worst digital camera I've ever owned, I really don't think anyone would be able to do a decent job.  It's so bad, that I can't even use it in my photo editing program, and it only takes about 2 pictures a minute, so I can never take a picture if it is in the middle of a flash flood.    It only takes 8 megabytes of memory.  I can store 20.  And it only has a 1.2 megapixel image sensor, but that's just the way it is.  This is what it takes to make it "worth it".   I think I will replace it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing since it first came out and it has broken down a few times due to batteries dying so i went online and bought another one. this one is a much better product! i have been using it for about 2 weeks and it never has any of the problems i had with the last one. The new one is much more reliable. i do use the usb cable to charge it in my car. but there is a very long wire on the usb connector which needs to be plugged in to the car for charging. but when i plug the usb cord in it goes on and it works. when i use my phone to charge the battery i will have to unplug it in the car and put the usb power cord back in. Ive read other reviews that say this is an easy problem to solve and i hope it solves the problem for others. I will never buy another one of these again!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've had this thing for a year or two, and I'm only 5'2''. I was very impressed with the sound (it's not a subwoofer, just a single amp with a small speaker). So, as a large room for my music I've been using it a lot. But, the problem with this is it has a built in CD player, so it can play MP3's. And, there's no built in subwoofers (if you're looking for one, you can get a sub and run it to the back of your amp, but it'll cost $80, and if you're a big room guy, the quality will not be worth it). I've just gotten another one, and this one is about $50 cheaper, and will only play MP2's and MP3s. (But you can't run an amp in there without running the CD player too, so I'll probably just play on my phone and take out my computer, which is connected to my phone through Bluetooth and doesn't have any speakers at all)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************* When I bought this I was a bit wary but not afraid. ******************** On day one of being in the store I saw that it had a small problem with the connector. I didn't know if it was a bad solder joint or bad connector.   My customer service rep was able to find out that it was the solder joint. I also ordered a new connector which arrived yesterday with the new connector. The device worked just fine on day two.  It came with the battery as well so you don't have to return your battery to get the charger. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- -------------- I bought this device from a big store. They were out of stock of this particular model and had some left. This device works perfectly as described but the cable is extremely bad. I am a professional sound person and use a cable on every project. The cable that comes with the unit is an odd color and it does not look like a good quality cable. The unit is cheap and it works well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Very poor quality! When I first purchased this I expected it to be quality, and it was. However, when I got it I noticed that it had only one button, the back button. The rest of the buttons were not working. I had to go back to my home office to find the back buttons and reset them. It was a huge waste of money and was a complete disappointment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was very easy to set up and to use. But the problem is that it keeps shutting off when I want to check my music. It keeps shutting down and coming back on repeatedly, and when I reboot it again it goes back to a frozen screen and I can't use it. It's a cheap device but it's very annoying. So much for the convenience of this device.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Lacey from I love my new computer this is so handy to have the program I have to play my CD's and play MP3's on my computer. It was easy to install and everything was easy on the first try.  that is the way to go! I am very pleased with this computer, and with it being so small and so easy to use! I'm happy with the amount of storage I have! I can easily save my entire computer.  to get the best out of it, I recommend changing your passwords at least once a week!  I love the small form factor and speed of this product. It has helped my computer work better. It also makes it so convenient to download your music from the web.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a few over the years... the latest one is almost unusable for gaming. i will give it five stars if the micro usb port couldnt be rewired into a regular usb port. ive had a couple of problems with my laptop and that micro usb is a godsend, but only when connected to my pc and my tv i have no use for it. i will give up on buying another brand in future.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! It's like they had no clue what they were doing. I have used several different brands and all have worked fine. I used this in my home theater system and it works as advertised. I had an issue with the remote not recognizing a control I wanted to use. If they make a replacement remote I'll give them another star. I would have given it 1 star but I couldn't get my money back. I will not be returning this item.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from A good value. This works just as it says. I purchased this to run a small theater in a small room with poor sound. This worked great for the price. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    -  -  It is impossible to use my computer at home   in my office and my son doesn't have access to it   on my personal computer because the router has the same problem.   If I buy one of these routers, I won't have to wait for a software update   to use it in my home.   Please contact the seller and let them know how to make a solution for the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This little device would not get my phone up to full power (I used it to charge a camera). You could always use a battery and an adapter with a more powerful battery or a camera that you dont plan on using. I did not like it at all.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this a month ago as it was advertised. After having the device for a month I still have issues with it.   The buttons are just a little jiggly so I'm never sure when I'm supposed to press them.  The problem is the screen has no "glow" to it. My wife can see the display even if she's in a very dark room.  I've spent the past day looking at all of the different issues it had and I still don't know why it won't turn off, how I can fix it. It looks like I'm going to have to go to my parents house next week to pick it up. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first thing i noticed about the device is the size and the quality of the screen is horrible. i dont want to make it sound like i dont know the product but the screen on this is so small and the resolution is the most unimpressive of any phone i have ever used. its so bad that i dont even have it at my desk anymore.   I also would like to add that it also takes a long time to start up.  The second issue i have with this device is that i cant open my email using it. the screen will not even turn on so i can open the email that was opened before i can even start to get the device up and running.  I was actually hoping that this would be a cheap phone but i am so disappointed with this phone and it will not be getting another unit from this company. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________ _______________________________________________________________________________  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Not worth the cost I was looking for a small portable device for a low-cost project, so decided to try this one out. It does what it says, but I was disappointed. First of all, its a small device. The case is very small and fits on my wrist nicely, but its not very well built and not very comfortable. Second, the micro usb is very slow, it takes almost two hours to charge the battery completely, and the device would not even turn on for me. So no matter how big the battery you can only get a few hours of use out of it. Third, the design is very confusing. For some reason you can't plug the charging cable into the usb. And if you try, the device refuses to charge anymore. It seems to have been designed by a committee who did not want any confusion so they could just make all these tiny things. Overall, a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   So, it turns out that the Samsung Galaxy S2 (SGS2) is just like any other phone. It is designed to use the internal memory on the phone and not expand any external memory. This is a huge deal, because the external memory has been limited to about 30 gigs to begin with, and the memory on these phones is really good. When I first bought this phone, I was extremely disappointed, and I could never find a reason for the phone to fail. Since then, though, I've been using a couple of the newer devices, and have not had any issues. Now, the phones are slightly bigger (and they are slower), but they are just as good in terms of speed, and just as easy to use. I haven't used any other devices in the last couple of years, but from what I've heard from people who have bought similar phones, they work just fine. I really want to like the Galaxy S4 (GS4), but my frustration with it's performance has me hesitant about recommending it. The internal memory is just not that much of a factor when your phone has a built in SD slot, but the performance is not what you'd expect for something with this much internal memory.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  1. I want a computer that can play games. _________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I have a HP Pavilion 2-in-1, a Macbook Air, a Sony VAIO notebook, and a Dell Inspiron 13. I have always had bad experiences with these systems and this one has just been horrid all the way around. I did get an issue that allowed me to get some of the software running that I needed, but it was only the software I needed. The HP Pavilion is just too large to fit into a regular shoe box or carry, and it's extremely heavy and expensive to boot. The VAIO is light and compact, but just too big to be able to fit in the standard carry case. I can fit a lot more stuff in the Dell, but even so it's still very heavy. I love my Sony, but I will not recommend it to anyone. I've always been a Mac guy and now have a hard time trusting anything Apple. The Dell's specs are really good, but the battery life sucks because of the crappy video output. I wish I could get this one to work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************* I bought a Samsung Galaxy Note II 4G and it would not turn on, the display would not light up and the phone would not respond when it was pushed on the charger. I gave it to a friend and he too had the same problem with the same brand and same model. The phone is not working now and I have to call Samsung to try and get it repaired and to have the original unit replaced. ***** I bought this product and it is useless. ******* I bought the product last week and used it a few times and my phone does not work, the screen is blank and the other functions are not working. *********** I have bought a 3rd hand Samsung Galaxy S II and it did not work for about three weeks. I then bought this one and it works better than the first one. **** This phone is useless!!!!!!! ******** I bought two Samsung Galaxy i9000s and they both have had the identical problem. The original Samsung did not show up on the charger at all! ******** After about 1 month it turned off for no apparent reason, then all the lights and functions would go out and the screen would display an error message. No power to any of the lights or anything. I was only able to call them to get it replaced. ********************* This is a new iphone 4 I bought yesterday for the first time. It works fine, but I think there is a fault in the battery because the phone cannot be turned on at all and keeps freezing every few seconds! *************************** There is NO WAY in HELL this phone is still the same. This phone does NOT work at all!!! ******************* This is my 3rd Samsung iphonest and I know exactly what to look for. I have an original Samsung s II and the same is happening again. This time my phone just stops working completely, it is like the screen just goes blank and no power is on. I tried plugging and unplugging it from a charging outlet and none of it makes any difference. I am still on hold with Samsung customer service and they have promised to send me a replacement unit but have said they are not able to send the defective one out. No matter how many times I return this phone I will never purchase another Samsung phone ******************** I bought an original HTC 8X a couple of months ago and it finally died after about two weeks. Now my iphones won't turn on.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have had this for 4 months, and it is the most frustrating thing ever. I am very disappointed, this is the same issue I had with the Dell Studio 24 that I had on loan for 4 years. I had to return it after 3 years because of this problem. I was having trouble getting it to turn off, it wouldn't turn off properly. After about a week of trying, it finally did! I would have returned it 5 years ago, if I had known this was a common problem. When I looked at the computer, I found the motherboard and the RAM had a bunch of very bad solder joints that were extremely hard to clean out. I've since cleaned out and cleaned all the joints, and when I do connect the computer it turns off correctly. It is now working just fine and is a complete waste of money. I'm thinking about selling it and replacing with a new one, but I think this is just the beginning of the end for this computer.   I did get a 2 year warranty with the refurbished unit. I would definitely get another one if possible and get a new screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to watch the latest episode of Glee on my Samsung iphone but I had to throw it out when I couldn't watch it at all due to bad quality audio.  There's really no other way to describe how awful this is.  I'd rather stick with my old iphones because it does the exact same thing as this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm sorry but this device is terrible. I wanted to be able to see the phone screen. I went through multiple channels looking for a cordless monitor but was not successful. After using the cordless for a few weeks the screen came off with one finger on the screen. Not sure how this happens. I would not buy this for my house.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used an old HP laptop with a defective hard drive for a while, so I don't feel too good about it. I was able to connect to a Windows PC, open up the web browser, and use it for some time. My desktop and laptop are completely different, so the OS on this one wasn't working properly.  It just ran out of memory, crashed, etc. I decided to call HP to see if they could replace the hard drive, but the person I talked to wouldn't answer the phone.  I then went to the computer store and got the same problem, they couldn't even diagnose it.  At this point I'm not sure if I should get another one of these, or keep my old one.   Posted by David B.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone looks cool and the colors are good, but the screen is totally unusable. There are all sorts of problems with it:   -When it boots up, it takes forever to boot up, and sometimes even takes more than 1.5 minutes.  - When it is in a game, the screen has no effect. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this as a first timer and I was pleasantly surprised. The first few times you'd want to turn it off and turn it back on because you want to check the firmware settings to get it to change to the latest version, but for most people this is more than good enough.  For the price I'm happy I bought it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I tried this product out for a couple of weeks and finally gave up.  What a disappointment!  It seems like the "soft touch" has been taken out of the equation and the buttons feel like they were squeezed or pressed.    The buttons don't click when you press them at all.  It also seems that the device is no longer making a loud beep when it is working.  I also bought the blue one because it was cheaper and the bluetooth is better.  The blue one is not as bright and it's pretty hard to read when the phone is in your pocket.  In fact, I can't really read the menu on my phone now.  You can see the whole screen when the screen is off, but when it's on the screen still looks blurry.  There is not enough volume in the phone to make a normal phone ring out and you have to tap on the speaker in order to make phone calls.  After looking at a few other reviews I found that this thing is also hard to charge.  As I mentioned earlier, this is a very expensive phone and charging this thing requires a lot of power.  When charging, it doesn't go above 10%.  This is a problem for a $500 phone.  One reviewer mentioned that his charger only charged his phone to 6%.  I am not so sure what happened with that one, but I've found other reviews saying that it takes about 30-40 minutes before your phone turns on again.  This phone can be really difficult to use and is quite annoying to have to look for the buttons all the time.  Also, I found a flaw in the bluetoo, which is that once you put the device on a surface or into your pocket, it starts vibrating even when it hasn't been connected to a phone or bluetooth device.  If you want to be able to use your device while it's charging, this one is probably not for you.  My advice is, if you can afford it, get a bluetooth speaker instead of this thing!  This review may contain affiliate links.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this for my son to use when he was a little boy. It worked, but it never came with a power cord. I had to find one on the internet to buy a power plug cord for it. It was an old model and the old cord was broken. It never worked properly with the USB and the speaker. It works fine now, but I don't recommend this product. It doesn't come with a cord or a power cable.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Works great! My little one uses this a lot and it's easy to set up and operate, especially if you have the USB option available on the included iPad app. I've already added a couple more iPad apps and it makes managing and using it much simpler. I'm also excited about being able to add more games and accessories to the mix.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one of these for a few years. the keypad doesnt work and the keyboard doesnt work at all. i can type it fine though. theres nothing to be done to it. it isnt really worth your money to fix.  Rated 1 out of 5 by BN from Poor Quality I am very disappointed with this item. The keypad is very bad and the screen is horrible. I do not know what happened to it, but it is very difficult to use.  I think you are getting a bad unit. You would not like it if you were to use it for any reason. It is just a waste of your money.  the best thing about this device is the keyboard and touchpad. it was a good buy for a good price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really want to love this thing, but the way it plays music is very poor and it is always off! I have a Sony A7s and the sound is so much better than this thing! I also have to use a laptop that has the same speaker. The audio is also just terrible, I cannot play anything on this thing except the last song that I got from YouTube that was in it!! It is a bad purchase.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Worst thing i ever got for the money.   I have a Samsung I5 laptop and when I first bought this, I didn't get to try it out because of a previous bad experience.   and so I thought this would be the same thing, but no, this is worse.  - It's not a tablet, it's a phone with a stylus that has been designed to look like a tablet.     - You have to carry the tablet around with you all the time   For an $80 tablet, why not make it a phone that you can use as a tablet? You don't need to carry it around with all the buttons on the back. Also, I hate that this is made to look as if it is a tablet and that it only has one button on the front. Not many devices are designed like this.  : )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm using the D5 for about 2 years and just now it finally broke.   Its so difficult to use I cant even find the remote. I use a phone app that is so bad it does not work. I got the D3 to use as a computer and I've never felt so lost in this computer because of this. This is my favorite thing in my house and I hate to see it go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a year and it works great so far. however its slow at switching from one cable to the other. i used to have a 10 year old computer that worked great but then all of a sudden the computer stopped working after about 7-8 years of having it. the device had a problem with it. it wouldnt work after it stopped working for about 1 year. i bought a new one and after 2 months it started working, so i dont know why it stopped. i read reviews about this thing and i still think its a great deal if you dont need the 4k for tv. i dont have one and still can't figure out why my computer wouldnt run anymore after about 2 years of the problem. also i read about this happening to other people on here and it sounded like it was related to the cable that connected the device to the computer. and i found out the problem with that cable when i was taking the machine apart to repair it. i have a lot of other old computers so my opinion is probably skewed and i would never pay for this product again.  I like it: --------------  This is the second device I purchased. I bought a couple of other products from the site and they all were good but I decided to give this one a shot. It came with 3 cables, which I liked. The problem is that one of the cables is too short for the other two. So I decided I needed to add the long cable to it. The device does the job, but not the right job for me. -The cables are way too short when I plug them in, the device just sits there. It is better than nothing but not perfect. . I also had a power cord fail, and I purchased the 12volt adapter to power my Sony XBR45CX1000 with it (XBR is an official Sony product). This is a good unit too, but I don't really want to use the device for the TV. I like to use this for my computer so it does the right thing, but the power cord isn't too long. I still don't understand why it would break if you leave it plugged in for hours and hours every day. Maybe it's just mine, but there are other reviews stating the same thing. I purchased the cable adapters to power this TV and this PC with this device. I'm sorry to see it fail, I really liked it and I used
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the fenix 3 for over a month now and i love it but one day it died after 30mins of no activity and i had to send it in for repair. the customer support hasnt been great and the whole unit was just a mess. the unit came back and its in a bad way. i will probably just get the hdmi and just save the hassle.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The camera on this thing is the worst I've ever used. It is so slow it will take over 10 seconds for it to do anything. It's so slow the camera can't even take a picture. The only thing I like about it is it is waterproof. It will get wet but you have to be very careful when cleaning it. It doesn't come with a lens which is also a little annoying. If I was on a budget I would try one of the cheap cameras I saw at the dollar store. If you are looking for a good camera you will love this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A bit of a shame that it doesn't have HDMI or Micro-USB, however, I did manage to get the unit working with the USB cord - I used the USB cable provided with the unit to connect my Mac laptop - I think that it is a nice design and that it would be worth the investment if you have a Mac   I bought this to use with my iPad Air and it would not work, even with a DVI to HDMI cable. It worked by using the iPad's headphone jack.   It should be the other way around though. I had to get a DSI to HDMI Cable - not a good sign.  1 of 1 customers found this review helpful Was this review useful? Yes  Very Satisfied Great device, easy to use. Good product.  and I hope it is around for a long time!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been on my macbook pro 2 year, the battery drain was getting out of hand, a replacement was out of the question, a year of use and the battery is still getting pretty low. ive changed everything i can, bought a new charger and all its problems seem resolved and im still running at 75%. ive read about this phone but never had the chance to test it. its a bit too large but thats what makes it so great.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not worth it  and  never again  I've been looking for a good computer monitor for my PC. I've tried a lot of different monitor designs including the Samsung SyncMaster LCD's, Acer C720P's and the ViewSonic VG248Q.  As a result of the high cost of the monitor and the awful build quality of each of these monitors  which I'll be showing in a future review, I have now purchased the Sony VAIO W500.  The W500 monitor is a 4k UHD resolution monitor that has a built in headphone jack for using a headset, and a built-in DVD burner for burning DVD's.  The Sony VAio W500 has a really good looking design, the stand is nice and is quite adjustable.    There is no USB port on the side of the computer so you'll need to use a USB cable to connect your computer to the monitor.  Picture of the Sony W500
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the new samsung galaxy nexus and it is awful. I like to buy other peoples devices and then try it out and never had a problem. The samsung has a hard time charging at all and it will sometimes not work when in use. It has a really horrible display too, its like a 1 inch dot on the side of my phone. It looks like someone stuck a piece of plastic from a tube tv down the side and glued it onto the screen with clear glue. The camera is horrible also. the pictures that are taken look grainy and just horrible, you are forced to keep your finger on the screen to take a picture and the quality is bad, it's like if your making a movie in your living room you have to look at your screen all the time. I bought this phone for my son so he can use it as a camera so he could take pictures of things for school but i cant put any good pictures of him doing anything, hes like 11 so he cant even write or anything so im sure he cant make much money off the money he is spending on it so it was basically a waste of my time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this tablet for many years and it still does not charge. I have tried to get the charger to work many times over. I had to turn the pc on, remove battery, connect battery, reinsert, turn the ps4 on, and back it off. I then unplug the charger and try to reinsert the battery to get it to charge. It will not charge, and the ps vita does not work in it. I will not buy it ever again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my ipad but i am not a fan of the way it vibrates.  It is really loud and the vibrations are really weak. I bought a dt2 and got the vibration settings of 10.  I had the same issue with that as well, it is so weak and loud I was able to hear it through my headphones.  The only good thing i can say about this device is that i can get it in multiple colors, the only thing I would change about this is the remote on the back.  I bought this product on Friday afternoon after seeing it listed on the internet.  Had no issues with any of the problems.  Only had to wait about 20 minutes.  Easy to get to the store and the guy who helped me knew what i was talking about. I had to pay for shipping though...and that's always been a problem with Apple's website.  Now I know i have to drive a little bit to the closest Apple store to get the right iPad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this watch for almost two years. i have had the watch for a few months. i purchased this watch in the spring of 2012. i bought this watch to replace my old watch that had many problems. the first few days i had the unit with me on a run and had the time, weather and weather forecast from my favorite radio station. the watch is very accurate, the watch will read a minute wrong for a minute but this is expected. i do like the fact that it does have a stop watch as well as a day/date option and the alarm feature is fun to use. the only problem i have with the watch was that it did not have the ability to turn off. the time will turn off on it's own but it wont automatically turn off when you are done with your run. the alarm also goes off automatically as well. i wish it had the option to turn it off. i could not recommend the watch highly enough to any runner or anyone who wants to have accurate time. it was worth the price i paid and i have bought many other watches from ebay.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  by Anonymous on I bought this to replace my old electronic keyboard. I'm used to the mechanical keyboard, so this is very interesting for me. The keyboard is VERY smooth. I did find that the keys had a little bit of resistance to them. Not really a deal breaker, as I do mostly typing and not gaming, but definitely a bummer. I haven't used the mouse very much yet, but it's definitely nice to have one on hand. It does have a USB port on it, but there's a USB to serial adapter included, which is nice. The mouse comes with a 3-month battery, which will probably not last as long as the keyboard, but I'm sure it will last longer than that.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Love It I have been using my Dell wireless keyboard/mouse combo since 2011. It is my go-to solution for any business I work for. I love the mouse buttons and the overall comfort that the mouse is very nice and responsive.  a must have  Read more reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *********************** ***************** ******************* ********* ********** *********** ************ ******** ********
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is too loud and buzzy, i had to open my windows to turn it off and on again. I would not recommend this product to anyone
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The USB port is a cheap and simple way of adding some USB ports in the kitchen but in no way is it convenient or easy to find the correct device. For instance, the USB port on my new USB keyboard was missing, and it took me a long time to find one. The USB ports can be very dangerous especially if they are faulty, as I discovered. ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have this for my Sony PS3, but I can't say for certain it works great for any other device. I love my ps3, and use it everyday to watch movies and games on. When I bought the ps3 I thought the quality of the ps-3000 would match or exceed the quality on the ps2. Well it does not. This device is the same size as a mini, but lacks the functionality of a mini. As far as quality goes it is very mediocre and seems like a cheap plastic piece of junk. I was so excited about this unit, and it is a great looking unit at a great price. I have a mini as well and so it is nice that there are 2 models. The main thing for me with the mini is the ability to play PS3 games with it at 1080p and 60fps. I use a pc for my gaming and I really dont like the quality. I do like the mini for gaming and running my tv. This does not work for either. Now that the mini does not have the feature that the ps3000 has, I wont bother going with this model anymore. I really want to like this product, but this product just does not live up to the hype.   I am a very heavy user and I have had to stop use of it because of the weight it takes on my wrist and I can get headaches and soreness from it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My Samsung S5 was getting a bit of a bad rep, mainly due to the fact that it had a USB cable that didn't work.  I'd noticed that the cable seemed to be bent a bit and it was making my phone act kinda "wobbly".  Then, when I plugged in a USB device, the phone seemed to freeze up completely.    Now I'm not sure why it started freezing and starting the boot up process all over again.  When I would connect a USB drive I would get a "Cannot be opened" message.  I went to my local electronics store and they said the cable was defective.  It seemed to work fine until I tried to boot into recovery mode.  I was told the phone would reboot, but it wouldn't.    They said the phone was "dead".    I gave it to a repair shop to try and they were still telling me the phone is "dead" or something, so I went to an authorized retailer and bought a new cable. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was very disappointed with the first two devices I bought. The first one was a great idea until the power button was not functional. The second was a no-go. The third one was an awesome idea with a great concept. However, after I bought it I immediately had to return it because of the poor battery life. The power button is a pain to press and is very hard to find.   After reading some of the other reviews on here I think the battery life might be limited to the device itself. It might not be a problem if the device can last more than 2-3 days on a single charge.  If you need a phone for work and are willing to put up with the small battery you will not be disappointed. I have a friend that had a similar issue with his iphone and switched to his ipad. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I really like the sound of the speakers on this thing. They're a little on the weak side however. One is always getting a little loud, and the other one is constantly getting distorted. I'm used to the better quality models, and now they're just a lot more jagged sounding. I tried a better one, however, the sound quality was fine, not great, but not bad at all. I don't recommend this product.  Was this review helpful to you?  5 of 4 people found the following review helpful: This little gem... June 23, 2009 Reviewer: JONATHAN from OR View on Amazon It is nice to be able to take this with me on our hikes. It's light enough to fit in a shirt pocket and not get in the way. It has a built in volume control, and it can go through all the frequencies and still have a balanced sound. The speaker sound very good. A little annoying that it is built into the body of the earphones, however it can be easily removed. The sound is not bad for a pair of earphones. They are easily controlled by earphones and don't give a bad performance when going up against a stereo. I like the volume knob and the switch to mute the music. A small thing, but you can't push the volume control up all the way to the top, you have to put your finger on it and it will go up.    Was very pleased with these earphones! They sound pretty good and have an adjustable volume control. The only thing I don?t like about them is that it's built into your earphones so you have a constant volume. But they are not loud and have a soft, smooth sound and no distortion whatsoever.   You can't really have a complaint if you buy these earbuds. I haven?t heard these any other than on Amazon. But you can find similar earbud's online for the same price or less. These ones aren?t as good as the others, but I don??t have to worry about their quality as I just put them in a pocket and put them on and they go. They won?t last long and if they do they will be damaged.   in my opinion these earphone's are a great little portable earphone. . -
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this product for over a month now and it wont power up the device that i own because the usb port is blocked by the plastic case. i was trying to fix this problem with no luck. Ive searched every forum I could find and every other forum that could come up with the same problem, and nothing I read seems to work. I also tried to put my own case on it but it will not do that either. Its so bad that I have to be careful to avoid the problem coming back. So in conclusion it doesnt charge, doesnt power up my laptop, wont charge my phone, wont even boot up to it, and is completely useless.   *EDIT - this has been resolved by Apple! i ordered an adapter to plug in my phone and usb cable and now my laptop works just fine! i love this device and would recommend it to anyone.  ----------------------------------------------------------  1175  Posted by - 3rd March 2013   This product is excellent, no issues with it at all.  I got a question regarding the activation to use it on the Nintendo WiiU. In order to activate it in the WiiU, you have to do so through the Nintendo eShop as opposed to activating directly on the device. For anyone having issues activating the Wii U through the eShop, I was just sent a email from Nintendo about it, but the email has not gone out yet. I will keep this review here for those who are still struggling.  to activate the eWiiWii this: get a WiiU for free if you have one, (and if you do not, there is a good chance they have discontinued it and now don't ship it to the US). download the game, install, go into the e-shop, activate it. If you want to buy this product it is $29.95. Couple things that I would like to mention: - this device can charge phones, but not devices that have USB cables. The usb cable has to be connected to the usb slot directly. - If you are trying to make a bootable iso, you can make a USB stick (the size of a laptop) and put it in a USB port on your computer. Then you can boot the usb stick up and it will load a live bootable cd/dvd on it. The installable dvd can be used with a usb cable. - It will work with USB keyboards, however it is not
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device is really a terrible piece of junk. If you don't like it, don't buy it. If it works perfectly for you then buy it, but this piece of crap should have never been made. It's a nightmare to use. It takes way too long to charge (about 3 hrs) and it takes so long to connect to any of the internet devices that I have that I never use it again. And when it's connected, it won't even boot up or show any of its options. It doesn't even start up. You can only control some of the apps. It does all the normal stuff so no problem. For the price I paid for it I'm disappointed in it. And this thing is about 2 years old! And the quality has gone down hill. I can't recommend it at all.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   So I've had this for just over a month now and so far it's the best little music player I have ever had, which really goes to show how good it actually is. It's compact, it's a little on the small side but it works, it can record your favorite songs, you can change songs via the front panel as you like or manually switch it between audio input/output, and it actually has a USB connection to connect to your computer so you can download songs or listen to your own music files, which I am really glad about. I have been very happy with it. I just wish it had a bigger volume knob, but the volume control has worked well for me so far. It is also a little hard to adjust the levels but it can be done, and if that is the reason you do not want to buy it, that's fine! There are some pretty good sounding headphones out there that would work just as well as this, though, so you might want to consider some other options instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This keyboard is awful, it makes it almost impossible to type on. My daughter has the same one for her computer. It takes up a ton of space, and it's hard to use. Not worth the money. Buy something with a smaller size if you can.  Rated 4 out of 5 by TomO from It is really great, for me. I'm typing on a laptop with the laptop keys, so that's the best way to use it. For me the keyboard is just perfect. I don't want to use the physical keys, as they make it harder to write. It's too small for me, but for a smaller person it can be a good option for them. For the price it's great. You can get it from any store.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm not going to write a review about the device, because I'm not interested in using a smartphone that can't take pictures with my iPhone 4, but when I bought the SGH-T999 I read the reviews of the Android smartphones before I bought it and they sounded better. So, let's start with the picture quality. First of all, the camera on the Sgh-T1 was the best I've ever seen from an electronic device. The device is pretty compact and the camera works as you'd expect. The photos are very good, there are no problems with the cameras sensor and if you get the flash activated you can get some good pictures. The camera is not quite as good as the one on the iphone 4, if you can't see the screen, turn on the flash. The camera on my SGH is a bit blurry, even in daylight. Another thing I had problems with is the phone being so hot that it would cause your thumb to slip off the touch screen when you're in the middle of doing something. Another thing I didn't like is that the screen on the device is so small and small, even with my glasses on I don't see a lot of what I'm looking at. I could have been more precise on the photos if I had used my glasses because it really was a bit hard to see things. I am not impressed with the quality of the phone's camera, the pictures are ok, but the picture isn't very good unless you use the flash, even on clear days the images aren't that good. I guess for this price point the pictures aren't bad, the only thing I dislike about this camera is that I'm a bit scared to use it in bright daylight or in my car. Lastly, the device works well with all the accessories I bought. It comes with a case that fits the phone like a glove, the charger and the keyboard cover. The only downside is that because the keyboard doesn't fit into the case it leaves gaps that can be filled with your fingers. Final Verdict:  I like this device, it's pretty compact, it doesn't take up a lot space and it's very powerful. If you're looking for something small to carry around and that can do everything, this is perfect for you. There's not a lot to say about it. It's a good device and I recommend it, if a lot more features are included and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had to have it repaired at my local Apple store. I really liked it until one day while it was charging, it began losing power. I'm not sure why, but my phone would not charge anymore. I've tried a variety of different chargers, none of which seem to work. I returned it and have received an excellent, hassle-free repair.   I'm going to keep it, but only for when I need a phone charger, not for all the normal phone and tablet charging.  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery on this thing was really dead after only one day of use. It could be because it is new but it didn't seem to hold a charge for more than an hour. I don't know about you, but I think that it would have been better off just having a bigger battery so that I can be safe without wasting money on this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've just used my "Lite" T-M1 for the first time this morning and my first impression is that the buttons are not easy to press, and there is a tiny bit of resistance when pressing the top of the keyboard. The key travel is good (about 2mm) and it felt responsive but it still felt sluggish. What the heck was this thing made for? This thing does everything you'd need it for, but I think the key travel could be a little longer. I didn't see much use for the "soft touch" material because the keys are so small. I'll give the T-m1 a try because of the cheap price but I'll be looking for something with a bit more travel. Conclusion:  It's a pretty neat little device and will definitely be interesting to play around with, but it's the lack of key travel I feel will put me off. I'd recommend it for the cheap asking price and cheap price of a T-tome. It would be worth it, however, if there was some travel like on a regular T-v1 or maybe even a T1, although the T1 would be a better choice.  Also, it could be nice to have a bigger T-screen and even a mousepad but I suppose you'd just have to decide that yourself, as I would not recommend buying a Tv1 in this condition. Rating:   5/5 (Visited 3,981 times, 4 visits today)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The monitor doesn't fit right under my PC's back. I tried to put it back but it wouldnt budge, so now I have to remove the monitor from the case. I got it from Walmart, the product picture was bad, the quality of the monitor was average, the only thing that is good is the USB port. The monitor is way too high above the PC case and I can't have it near my PC. The USB port can't be used to charge my phone. It's way too wide open and it looks really weird on my PC case. Overall, the monitor is not worth $20. I will not be buying another monitor from Walmart or other retailers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this for my son's birthday and it came to us as a broken gizmo! I contacted the company and they sent me a new one and the same bad quality. They are just plain rude, the people who worked with me never even answered the phone. I contacted a local company to see if they would fix it. We called their number and they said we will need to bring it to them. We then called them back and they didn't even answer our message!! I gave them 2 days to do the job because I didn't want to have them return my money. We have bought several products from here and we will NEVER again. This is a company that is out of business and they have never come to a customer's aid once in my life. If you are going to do business with them you will receive what you pay for. This wasn't a very nice experience.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a poor device. The quality of it is really not good.  I have no idea why they don't offer a 1/2 inch to 1/4 inch plug adapter for this thing, but it's really the only thing that holds it back. It's basically just a brick with a USB to microUSB adapter. The only way it works is if the device is screwed into the wall. It can be a little difficult to use. I had to spend about $2 to get it to work properly. It does have an SD slot that can be used, and the adapter does come with a usb cable to plug in the adapter and connect the device. Other than that, the only other thing I'll say is, it's very heavy.  the phone itself is just a plain old flip phone. It also has a mic. But as a flip phone, it lacks that cool design we got used to seeing on flip phones. What do you think of this product?  By Michael - May 29, 2018  Very poor quality. I could only get it connected to my computer by using the USB port. It could not connect to my home wifi, which I use to connect to an ipad and work on my computer.    I ended up having to buy a USB flash drive that only had 512mb of memory, which was much smaller than the device, which is not a USB memory card, but a micro SD card that is about 5.5 x 4.5 cm. After using a program called Win32DiskImager to load the micro SD and copy the files to the card, it worked perfectly. It doesn't work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just purchased a WACON 590 from your website and was so impressed with the quality and sound quality it gives me the sound I need for my car. The price was amazing as well. I'm so pleased with my new sound system!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 20, 2015  Great sound quality  by Chris from Long Island, NY USA  Pros: Great sound quality.  Cons: Can be a little difficult to set up and use at first. -Need to turn on USB power for best sound.  an adapter and wall mount. , I bought the "Dynaudio XW-N5" plug adapter from Home Depot to get this unit connected to my car stereo, but the unit needs to be plugged into a wall outlet for maximum performance. I use the "Grammy" Bluetooth speaker from the same store that I bought this from, and the same is true for it. I would have preferred a 1.5 to 1.75 watt speaker, but it works. I used a 9V battery and a "Buck" power supply to run the unit. It's easy to power. I've already used this product many times with my family, and it's been a big plus for all of us to have the same stereo sound for every car and in all rooms.  of my car stereos i found in the past and I am so happy to have found this product. It was easy to set-up with my car audio system, I couldn't be more happy with this product, it's so cool  Yes No Wednesday, September 12, 2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     Great purchase I have an old Macbook Air and I've had to buy a new one now that Apple is getting rid of them.   This is a great purchase if you are upgrading a machine that you can't upgrade in the future.  It runs great and I like that there is no wireless.  My only complaint is that I have a hard time seeing where my mouse cursor is because the cursor looks like a big blocky block of paper.  I got it for a good price so it's a pretty decent deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this to use for my baby and he doesn't like it. I used it all week and found that the baby starts crying so bad he can't sleep.  The next night he goes to sleep. I've tried using the light when it's in the baby's sleep time.   I've used it at 2:00 a.m. in the middle of the night.  I'm having a hard time sleeping so I'm sending this back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! i bought a vr 1 from a store and it had some type of electrical problems. it was the only device i had that had no problem with audio, graphics or video. i had to have a new one. i had no problems with audio or video at all with this thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________ It took a very long time to read these reviews and decide to buy. My first read had been on a Motorola phone. It was slow, battery ran down quickly, and the battery never lasted more than 6 hours on a single charge. Thats why I decided to buy this one and I am so glad I did. I can't say if it is the same exact battery, or whether it is because of the software, but I have gotten up to 20 hours from this thing. So if your like me, take a look and see if it does what you want it to do. Also, keep in mind the charger that it came with was a "dead on" or close to dead on charger, and was a big pain to get a good charge from.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had purchased this for my kids as a present for their birthday, they loved the new computer until they played games and it didn't recognize that they were playing games on it, the next day it turned on and they lost the game, the only thing that fixed this was to use a cd with the game I had saved.   Another problem I ran into was I needed to have internet and to download my game, and then after the download completed the computer wouldn't recognize the internet, so I had to turn on the wifi and wait for it to turn back on. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought an iPod that had no video feature, but had video, video and audio functionality! I really want to use my iPod for music but have had no luck, so, i bought an iphone 6s. The 6s comes with an Apple charger so i didn't think there would be any issues with the battery.  When i went to charge the battery, the charging button did not work. So i took it out of the box and i plugged it in. The iphones not charging at all, the phone will charge but wont get any signal to the iPod when you try to charge it. Also, i have the case that it came with and the earphones do not fit and iphons do. so, this iphony really sucks for me, i am going to throw this out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 3 years. i bought it to replace my ipad pro because i lost the touch screen. i hate the way this thing is made and i don't know if i will ever replace it. it is so heavy and i cant carry it around with me. my screen came off and there was nothing for it to screw in. i called apple and got the same result. it has a big flat area where you can put a screw and i did that and still cant get it to work. i was thinking of buying a new ipad because it is the same screen size but not the same quality. ive done some searching and i think i found a better one but not for this model. i really hate to say this but i have heard some horrible stories about this product. its my personal opinion and the opinions of other people. its too bad they sell this bad product in this price range.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was a very nice machine - but I am sad to say that it is completely worthless and has been sitting in the warehouse, unusable for a year or more! Not only is it non-working - but the manual says the batteries will die in three months. There is nothing in the box to indicate how long these batteries can take to "run down". This machine was supposed to make a difference to me - but is no more than an expensive toy that should have never been bought!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great Product Bought this product over a year ago. It has performed flawlessly. It is a bit heavy, but that's OK for it's price. It would be nice if it came with a nice case though. I've had it a while now and it's performing great!  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)  This was a great choice for the cost. It runs smoothly and runs very well. If you are looking for a reliable, easy to use tool for a low price then this is the right option for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst things I have ever owned, it is really weak it doesnt hold a charge, I use it for all my video and audio projects but I'm still waiting for it to come back from ebay, the only other thing I bought it for was a wireless bluetooth speaker it's a pain in the butt to use this bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not as good as I thought.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!this is the first bad e-cigarette i ever bought.i have used ecigs for years now, but this one is just soooooooooo clunky and has so many annoying little functions.the battery was in the battery compartment. it was a plastic battery with wires that didnt fit, and it had to be cut off to charge it.i finally did it and now there is no battery. the button is a little hard to push so it won't power the device off.this thing is the worst thing ive ever bought, and id never buy another ecig again. i tried switching out the batteries but they are still just as clunky as ever, plus they dont charge. it looks so old and outdated and the batteries are so old that they dont hold a charge.i am going to throw it out and buy an ecig and make my own brand of ecig. i am so pissed off i have to write this negative review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **************************** My son received this device as a present for Father's Day. This is an electronic device that is built for a single person. I took it to a professional who explained that it was built with the intent of saving one person. The user has to know that the electronic device is not designed for two people and can easily be used by one person only. The device is a lot less complicated than a cell phone, yet it was not built to be as simple as that. The electronic device will save one person, but that is not necessarily an accomplishment. This electronic device can also be used to communicate with others over a computer. However, the message is always sent one person at a time. It will work fine if you are two people, but it will work only with one person who understands what it is and can use it. If you are single, you should not purchase this electronic device because it does not provide an adequate means of communication for you. I would only recommend this electronic gadget to those people who can communicate better than a single word at a short distance. You do not need to have a cell and you can use this electronic machine for long distances without any problems. It may save one individual, but you can still send messages to more than one person without any difficulty. My son is a good speaker so he did not have much trouble with the instruction manual and the unit. He was able to do the functions with the help of two people who were looking after him. I had him try to communicate in several languages and he was able. However it took a long time for the message to reach two people at a distance. We used this device for about two weeks before he went to another state. The unit is really heavy and awkward to use. There is a button that will close the machine when the power button is pressed and another that will open the power switch. That would make a great feature if the person who was using the electronic gadget did not need the power to operate it. *****************************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have used this product for a few weeks, and so far I love it! I use it to read a good book. I read a book over the weekend. The audio books were very enjoyable. I had a problem with it for about 1 day. My wife was trying to read the book to me, and I was getting the message "Stop reading and listen to the audio". After a few minutes of thinking it through, I realized that it was the speaker I was using. After changing the speakers I didn't notice it again. I hope it lasts longer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is not a bad phone at all. When you first get it you might get confused at first as to what to type in the phone keypad. I was just typing in the standard password "secret" which is what is on the screen, and it did not recognize it! Then you type in your password and the password entry screen showed "password is not valid." I looked into it and discovered that it is actually the phone's screen that does not work. So my question is...do you know why it doesn't work? There is no way that a "normal" keyboard could do that, so I'm just confused. Also, the power button doesn't do anything (I think the phone is just stuck in the sleep mode by the way). The screen seems to stay on the entire time. I tried to turn off the phone but could not. I'm still waiting for it to come back to life. And now I can't use my phone!  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about VZ54U90000 3.5" TFT LCD Monitor - Black with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers! : 2015-06-07: I just received my VZ 54U9000U. I have used a LG 24" monitor and the screen is just fine, but when I bought this unit, I didn't realize that the screen was a widescreen monitor and only had a normal aspect ratio. The LG one has the same aspect ratio, but a wavier display. The VZ has a standard aspect ratio and it looks quite good on the unit.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the worst   I have ever used for any audio application I've been an audiophile   this   was a complete waste of money   its  expensive  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried several different electronic devices that cost more than 2,000.00, they are either the same thing with the same problem or new! when i found this device i thought the price was cheap, when i opened the box i found out it wasnt. the power cord isnt included, its included in the cost. also, to charge this device you must connect to an outlet that has the AC adapters, this makes it expensive.i will never buy another model!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i bought this for my daughter, and she hates it. she likes the idea of being able to listen to music on the go but the device gets VERY hot. the batteries in it are not a problem, but it is extremely   hot. this is a serious safety issue,   should have purchased a smart charger 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product. The screen is terrible, I hate this app. This app is a joke. I have a very bad time with it. I would rate it at 5 stars but this is not a 4. It is a 3, just as the title of the app says. I could of had a much better app than this.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, February 14, 2014  A great app but...  by James from WV USA  Review: I had a bad experience with this app, which is a complete waste of time. I needed to change the default language of my mobile devices to English, and a couple of times I could not change the text on my screen. After a week of this app running on my phone, I switched to another one, but now I'm having a hard time getting the phone to switch to English.   The only reason this is a 4 star rating is because of the excellent value this app has given me. I've paid a very fair amount of money for this app so far. . ,  Great, great app, but...by Richard from San Francisco CA  Pros:  Good value for money  Works flawlessly  Cons: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I just got this in the mail and I hate the name of the brand. I don't even know what it is called. I was so disappointed in the first minute I put it in my iPod. There's a weird buzzing sound. I had to turn the iPod on and off. No one would ever want to use that crap. It's a waste of money. I guess you get what you pay for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ This product was so disappointing, I bought this to use with my Xbox 360 gamepad and for some reason I found it had no power at all and that the power button is in the wrong place on the unit! I called them and they were so nice, they sent me a new one out for free but if I had to pay the money again I would be very disappointed. I did not have to do anything to get it to work again, but it was just disappointing. ______________________________________________________________________________________   So I just wanted to add a bit about my first encounter with this product. I had bought a Samsung product, and when I got home and plugged it in and put it on charge it failed to start and went into standby. I called SIX months later and the person I was dealing with told me that there was something wrong with my product and that I should contact Apple support because their support can do some troubleshooting. I thought that was a good idea so I did. I was very pleased to find that Apple support was very nice and helpful. They called the Samsung guy back and told him that it wasn't an issue with the Samsung product. This was very encouraging to me.   Anyway, the thing is, the one year warranty on this thing is a joke, and I know it sounds bad to say that about a product. However, there are some things I don't care about, and my phone has worked flawlessly for 3 years without a problem. For example, the first time my iPhone went into sleep mode it was not because it was broken, but because of the fact that it was charging to full capacity. I've never had that happen to any other phone.   of course my phone is not perfect, it's not. I'll never recommend this product because I had such a bad experience and was so disappointed. __________________  -Steve
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  No speaker, NO WATERBOOST,  NO KEYBOARD,  STOP PUSHING IT.  The power button is hard to reach.   I'm not impressed at all Add a Review for ZX902G 3 out of 3 people found the following review helpful: Very nice unit This was my second ZX series flash. The first was the SX-80. The SX-10 was good, but a little cheap. The ZX is a little cheaper, so why would I have a second one? Well, the ZX8 is great. The flash is very, very small, and has a very long battery life. I use it in situations where I can't afford to carry more than two batteries and want a very small flash. Also, it's easy to use. The power is easy to come by, the interface is easy, and it's very easy to make a program with a simple push of a button. 5 out of 5 stars
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought a few of these over the years and have always been very pleased. I have had a few that wouldn't charge. When i went to the nearest electronics store, i bought another one. The next day i was at work and the computer shut down for no apparent reason and it started doing all these random "things" and i was told that they would send it back. I called the company the next day and the same thing happened to that same device. I contacted the police and they said they could not do anything. I now have several of these and have never had them fail. I will buy this one again.  Good product, very cheap price!   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars. .  The product works as it should. I like the way it looks and feel. If you have trouble with it, it's a simple fix (I've done it myself).  I highly recommend this product.  (Posted on 9/20/2011)  Works like it should!  Pros: Solid design. , Easy to use  Cons: I'm not a computer programmer so I had some problems trying to work the instructions out in a non-computer language. However, the end result was working just fine. Thanks for offering this great product for a low price! -David W.  andrew c.    (Posted on 8/26/2011 )  Tried before and it works  Great for making my own keycaps. It worked great until i put the keyboard back together. -Matthew  -Liz  (Published on 8,9,2011 )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 yrs and now it randomly reboots every 2 days and if I shut it down, it will not turn back on. this is a cheap piece of junk! if u can find one with better quality u'd be better off.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few of these devices, both were broken within a year of each other. the first one was a cheap dv d3, the last one a samsung s3. the s3 was broken within 6 months. if you are using one of these and it fails within a month, throw it away and buy a new one. don't waste your money. i have an s3 mini and it lasted me for 2 years. the quality of the dv was very good and the quality and price of these is very good. i use it for my TV and computer, so I keep it plugged in at all times. It doesn't take much to break it. Don't waste that money on a dv-p720.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: r_z2_1
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this to replace my old MacBook Pro with a Surface Pro 4. The first thing I noticed was that my laptop's touchpad didn't work. It was like it was stuck at the same spot and wouldn't respond to my touch. I emailed Microsoft support, but they sent me a replacement. In the meantime, my laptop had gone missing. I didn't realize it for about a month. I called Microsoft to see if I should get a replacement, but I didn´t think the warranty covered this problem. I also didn´tsat how to check to see what the problem was, so I had to buy a new one. I bought this to fix this problem, but it only fixed the stuck touchpad, not the lost laptop. It would still not work with the touchpad and would freeze when the screen went off. It took several weeks to finally realize I made a mistake. The other annoying thing was that the touchscreen worked fine when I put the Surface Pro in bed with the keyboard attached. I guess this was the touch-screen sensor failing to register my touch on the screen. I could not get the touch screen to work again. I wish Microsoft had given a better response than to tell me I needed a new computer.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from A good laptop but.... We have owned this laptop for about 8 months. We are very happy with the purchase. It works very well and with the right peripherals. We do use the pen with the stylus occasionally, but we find it is more comfortable if we have our laptop at rest or in our bag.  the one thing I would like is that Microsoft put some kind of heat sink on the inside of the battery casing to prevent the battery from draining so fast and the heat from radiating out. It doesn't work but that's the only complaint I have about the product  My son just bought the Surface and wanted to know if there was a reason why I chose a Surface over his iPad Mini. I explained that he is used to his iPad but wanted to use my laptop. I use a MacBook Air. So he had a look at it, then asked me what it cost me. I told him it's a great product and I am very happy to have it. He asked if he could try it on a nightstand, he was happy with that, but then said he wanted to see the back side and he wants it out of my house. I
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! Don't buy this I wish I had never bought this device, but it was the last one I bought. After 2 months of working with it, and 1 year of using it (with the latest version), I'm starting to see why so many people are unhappy with it. 1. It's not always working well. 2. After several weeks of using my PC, I noticed a significant decrease in performance. 3. It takes a while to get started. 4. The battery runs out in less than 2 days. 5. It is very loud. It sounds like you're working at a very loud music venue. If you're someone who likes to work at a loud venue, this would be a good device. But I'm more of a quiet, low-volume type of person. I used to have a better sounding computer with a microphone, but when I bought this, I thought I'd just buy a decent computer, because at $300 it would be fine. I guess I just wasn't aware that it wasn't going to run at all at 1.5 megawatts (which is why my computer was fine for the first few weeks). I really wanted to like this product, but I can't recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying all sorts of crap for almost 30 yrs and had this for 2 months and just wanted to know i would have to go buy the whole set to make it work i thought this would be like having a new mouse or keyboard so when it didnt work i was pissed off at i couldnt even use the dvd drive of my tv the only reason i went there was for the cheap price they had but now im looking for a different vendor but not sure who i will buy from now the product is crap
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this as a replacement for a bad bluetooth remote control that I replaced when the batteries died and there was no way to find out which one was bad without destroying both remotes. This is so hard to find that you have to ask the service people at the mall where you buy the remote. I've had this for less than a month and I can tell you, you do NOT need to buy this! It does work and is very well made, but I would not buy another remote for this price!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The battery was not very good and the screen was very bright but that is about it. The display did not have good contrast and did not always appear to be on at all times. The wireless adapter is a bit of a dud too - no internet connection and the unit would hang a lot. I was able to get around the connection issues by using the adapter from a different device (the same one that was being charged), but that could just be my faulty unit. It has a 2 year warranty, but still a $200 value!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone was dead in less than a month. I called Samsung support and they said it was a software problem. I bought a new phone after that and the phone still dies. Samsung's phones were always the same.   So I sent it back to them and after two months it died again. It seems they can't get it working and that's why people are getting refunds. They said they could fix it for less than I paid.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to replace an old one that I never used because it was not working right. I can't believe that the product is this poor. The screen keeps fading out and then it shows a black screen that I can see through. I have tried everything to fix this except for removing and replacing the screen with a new one. I was so surprised when I got this that I had it for a month. It was not the same as a new unit. I had a new screen, the battery was still in good shape, I had no problems. But I had this problem. I tried to use it the first day, it was ok, and then I went to use the mouse and the screen just went off. My battery was not dead, it only just gave up. I did some research on this and no one knows how to fix it and I would be lost without this. So I just replaced the screen and no more issues. But this time I hope it is not a good warranty for a poor product. I will not recommend it to anyone. I know it is expensive, but not for the good it can do.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine since april 2015 ive tried changing batteries and chargers but always had issues with the usb port not working at all i thought it was a problem with the laptop not being able to charge it so i went online to look for another usb port and the answer i found was on another site that claimed to have a charger with it worked perfectly fine i was a bit sceptical about a "newer" usb port i had no idea they had had issues like this with the older ones  I was a little disappointed to find out that this was not an issue with my phone or my phone and keyboard but with my laptop.   I am now hoping the company will address the issue as soon as possible.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, December 21, 2015  Good but not perfect  by: A customer from Canada I was not disappointed. I was very pleased with the keyboard, the trackpad is good and the speakers are excellent, even after I replaced the original batteries. But the thing is the screen... it will not even turn on. I can use a mouse or even a trackball but the screen never even turns on. It just hangs in the middle of my computer, blinking like crazy. I could not even use it for the internet at the office.  the only reason I gave it 4 stars is I think it would be nice to have the usb ports built into the computer so you can just plug in any usb stick and use it without having to use a usb port at all. Also would be useful if it had a switch on the back for charging and so the computer would always on. Otherwise it is a great little laptop. . Was this review useful to you in anyway? Yes (0) No (0%)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The unit I received works well but I cannot change the battery because it does not come with one. There is a small little plastic box with an extension cord which should have been included with the unit.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about z MechWarrior 4 RTA Clearomizer Kit with Battery - BLACK with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike-CC website. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  is for your consideration, it is not required.  in the United States of America.  is not a real thing. it is an Internet meme.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If this is one of those high-end audio components that is only good if you need to hear yourself talking, I would recommend spending that cash elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This product does not work.   I have had it for about two months, and it has been working well the other day, but today it went to sleep.  When I woke it back up it was still sleeping.  I got the problem fixed. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this one for my wife as a replacement for a very old one. When it arrived and I started to use it, I immediately knew this was a mistake. She tried to use a Bluetooth phone as a remote, but the wireless receiver didn't respond. So, we tried to set it up and the remote didn't recognize anything so we had to turn it off and on. There is a little LED light that says if there is anything in the remote control module, it should work. I don't think it is a defect. It's just that it took about 20 minutes to get it working correctly. Also, there is a small blue light that shows if anything is being programmed or changed by a program. That light also failed immediately. I called the company and they sent another one. They said the replacement has problems as well. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these for 2 years now and they havent died or quit. They are not built like a tank. i will continue to buy them.  I have two of these and they are great!  Got a couple for myself as well as my friend. They will be great in any situation I am in.  the only bad thing about these is the price. But overall I will continue using them  The second one I got lasted for a week, so I'm very pleased.   I am really looking forward to using these in my rig, they work great. They even have a little usb port to plug into your computer.   the only complaint is I feel like I will be replacing them a lot, because I like them. I am not sure if they will last forever or not.  .    They do their job. I did not know the battery would last so long.     The only thing is that they are pretty heavy, the one I have is made out of aluminum, I feel it might be just a little too light.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** I received my device about a month ago, it works fine for the most part. But, one day, my device would not turn on when it was plugged in and would only run a few minutes on 3 batteries. I contacted the manufacturer. I was told they would contact me when they have the update to fix the issue. I have called back a few times and still no solution. I finally went to my local Apple store for help and was told that they cannot replace the unit because it is not a new one. I ended up having to return it and purchase a new model. If it had not been for the quick replacement that I got, I would have just gone to my electronics store for a new unit and then I would've been back to square one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ I bought this device because i wanted a tablet that did not require me to be an expert in computer programs to read it. It works as a laptop but also as a portable e-reader. The device is very heavy and takes a lot of space. It has a lot to do for an inexpensive device and can't be used for anything that isn't very complex. I also wish it had a larger screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this for my ipod one time. It was not the best for my new ipod and its still going strong after a few years and it is still working. But it wasnt the best at all for my old ipod.  Overall: Great. Easy to use. Works great with my ipods. Great product at a good price. , July 15, 2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I don't recommend this device.   This device does not work.  I bought this as a replacement to a "new" iPod Touch that was defective. This phone is a complete failure.  The battery goes dead about 10 hours after the charger is inserted.  They need to improve on the charger design.  It would be much better if the battery was replaceable.  I have also noticed that some of my friends do not like the camera's.  So I suggest that you go to the Apple store to get a new one. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's just not a good sound system for me. I have always been a huge fan of my JBL 6.5" stereo speakers. My old Sony car speakers were terrible but they worked in the car and sounded great when I drove.  They also were very well made.  I don't want to sound like a cheapo but I just can't do it. I've owned over 100 portable DVD players, most of which had very poor sound. I never really thought much of the iPod, iPhone and  other smartphones and mp3 players but when I saw the $200 to $300 Sony A6300 system for under $600, I thought it was great.    I thought I would be able to get good sound for under that price.  So for under 100 bucks I was willing to give it a try. I connected my TV (with RCA cables and speakers built into the wall) and a pair of speakers (Sony 2.5 inch mini speakers) from my friend's old car stereo to my TV.  There was no way I was going to get the best sound quality from my old speakers but I was also very happy with the sound quality I got from my new Sony system.  However when I took the Sony A60 to work and played my MP3's through the A63, the sound was terrible.  When I switched my audio to my old Sennheiser PCM-300 speakers I did not hear any echo on the speakers.  The best audio I got was from my Sennsies and I didn't use the A6500.  I'm so frustrated by my A63 that I haven't used it again.  If you think it's too expensive or you're going to spend more than $100 on your system, don't.  Read all the other reviews and ask yourself if this system has all you need.  (I'm just glad I didn?t spend that much!)  I'd also recommend this to a friend if he wants the best possible sound from a portable DVD player.  They both love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit works but there's a bunch of noise in the background making it really annoying to use. I've bought three of these units and two have been great but this one is bad.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device is useless. I bought this and it only makes 1.5v but the buttons don't work. I can't use it for anything but making phone calls and it cost me $50. I got this because it said it would give me 3 days battery life and it did not give me that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the most fun, useful thing ever! I don't even use this thing everyday, I play with it everyday. It's a great tool for getting around. However, when it breaks it's really sad. It would be nice if there was a way to tell when it's broken.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only reason I bought this is because it looks great on my desk. But it is a complete mess, and the remote control does not work. It also can be extremely hot. I would NOT recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased a cheap, low quality, and extremely loud, cell phone. It sounded like someone was yelling into my head. So, I bought a cheap phone from Amazon that I was told would sound better. It actually sounded worse. It was very weak and it was very loud. I would recommend avoiding this phone, as the sound is so bad that you will have to look through a dark room to hear it.  Rated 5 out of 5 by JB from Great for the price and it sounds great too. I got a pair of these to use with my iPhone so I can watch Netflix without my roommate hearing it. We live about 10 miles away and I'm really happy with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  This is the first of the Ipods i have owned and it is ok. I am a high school student and i was trying to find a way to be able to listen to music while walking and i found this little dongle on amazon and had no clue about its performance so i bought it on recommendation of another one of my friends who also bought it from amazon after the same type of advice. So it worked flawlessly with my ipod, but it did not sound great with my mp3 player. I have a hifi system in my house and this dongles does not work well with it so i ended up taking it back and looking for another one. I hope that they will not make a version that doesn't have a small speaker on the end which is very annoying. This thing will give you decent sound if you have an mp3player with the right app. If you dont know what a good sound is, then get something else.  Good if you don't have music or mp3 apps. , May 27, 2010 - June 17, 2010 by jonnathompson from CA. I bought this for my ipad mini and it has been a great device, I really like the microphone. I just wish it had a larger speaker so i could listen to the radio  I had to return this  , August 14, 2010 -- August 20, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just purchased this tablet, and ive been using it since it arrived, and the screen is terrible, when i first noticed that the screen was not in the perfect shape (like it was when i got the phone) it wasnt in perfect shape, ive since changed it, it still hasnt worked right, and im sure this will be the case for all of the tablets that they produce. i know the other reviews said it was a cheap phone, if ive got the real thing i will be a much happier man, and i will also be more careful when buying them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product to watch an online video, i have not had it for 24 hours. i was wondering if anyone have had this problem and if so how long after purchase did they realize they had a dead device? i paid for it and wanted to feel safe that my money is not going to a scammer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The USB cable for the bluetooth headset has no male/female plugs on the top end, making the wireless headset not connect properly and not sound good.  My son was going to order the one for my daughter too, but with the blu earbuds it's useless. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The only way to charge the device is to use a mini USB cable.    A bit overpriced for a small device.  Would not buy again,  Would not buy more...  Liked it a lot  Excellent  Bought this to use with my laptop and camera, the usb is fine and the battery is enough, but when I got it home, I noticed the cable doesn't fit through the back cover. It has to be shoved in there. So I used the usb cable and I'm happy that I did.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a very nice device, but I am not a fan of the design. My first thought when I saw it, was that it was the same thing I have from another brand, but the difference is the screen, it is not curved. It is flat, just like the Galaxy Note. However, it does have a 3.5 mm headphone jack, which I liked the idea of, but it's not an option when you have an in-line mic.   There are a ton of cables included, you have a 5-foot and a 10-foot mini-to-micro-to micro-to mini-micro micro adapter, plus micro USB, mini HDMI, micro SD, and headphones, plus a charger, so you should be able to figure out how to use it.   A few issues are that it comes with no SD card, and it's slow to transfer files.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- --------------  I used this with a DSP2 to make a program to play my own music. I played a bunch of tunes with this and the volume is about right. My problem is it plays very weakly. I'm not sure if this is the case with all the other reviewers or if this one just sucks. I have a lot of stuff on the computer that can't be found with this program. I had to cut it off and run the CD's and music through a mixer and get them to mix. Also, since it uses CD's, you don't get the sounds that the analog equipment has to offer. I hope this one will get a decent update. I think it was a really nice idea but i have a feeling i will be buying a more expensive unit soon  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned the phone for over a year now and i have tried a few different brands and this one is the best ive used ive even put it in the freezer for a few minutes and it doesnt start up. the phone does not work, i have looked on the web for solutions but to no avail and im in the UK i cant get to anyone with the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********************This is the worst purchase I have ever made. If you have an Apple product that was purchased from Apple and you want to change the battery or the connection to the charger (you cannot get this to work with any other chargers or adapters) or you do not want to buy the new iPad you have to buy a completely new charger to work it. ******************The new Apple charger and cable will be over $40.00 and the older one that came with my iPad will be in the garage until I figure out what I am going to do. *********
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had the Apple TV 3 and 4 as my main television set. I was pretty happy with it, but I can't recommend it as a device to use in the living room. I am the type of person that likes to have my home theater set up to my liking and the set that I received didn't seem to do this. I had to connect it to my Mac with HDMI cables and then to the tv. And then I had problems because of the HDMI cables. The tv would not go to HDMI in on the Mac. The Apple TV would not connect on my computer either. I ended up using the dongle that was provided with it. I would only recommend that you use this device if you are a person that wants to have a home theater. If I were to buy another Apple TV 4 I would not have any of the problems that I had.  Write a positive review about an ok electronic device:' I was a little disappointed because I really liked the TV's and was looking forward to getting the fourth one. However, the tv was too hot to the touch. I put it on a desk and it wasn't too hot, but it was getting hot enough to cause my hair to burn. I'm hoping Apple can fix the problem. I still like the TV a lot, but wish the tv would warm up before it heats up the screen. : Was a little skeptical about the set because I'd read that Apple didn't make it, that the first tv they made was very poor quality and the second one was horrible. I ordered mine on line and it came within 2 weeks. The box is big, heavy, sturdy, and sturdy enough to handle the heavy electronics (the set). It comes with a remote and a wireless remote. The remote has 3 buttons and 3 ring buttons. I really like the features of the remote. First, it has a mute button and volume buttons. The mute button is useful for keeping the tv silent while I listen to music. The volume and mute buttons are also useful for adjusting the volume. The ring buttons are useful for changing channels, turning on/off lights, or turning on the tv when you walk in your front door (it turns on when you go to the front door). I like the way the tv looks when it is turned off. It feels very heavy, which is good, because it will take a little while to put it away. The design is great and it looks like a piece of
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    i lost my usb connector.  i bought two of these to charge my tablet from my computer.  in about 2 months the usb connector had fallen out of one of them.  and i did all my tests on a different laptop.   now i don't even know what kind of connectors these are...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used my ipad 2s for a week and a half with no problems so far. i had no problems with it being defective until this week when i was using it to access my e-mail. my ipads are all made by apple and this ipad was made in china. it worked fine before, but now it is slow as hell. if apple will only manufacture their products in the united states, I will never use their products again.   Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 30, 2010  Love it!!  by James from Bakersfield CA USA  Pros: compact, small, simple to use  Cons: none  Review:   i have two ipads: ipad 1 which I use to browse the internet, and ipad Pro which has a lot of features and works great. the new ipad has many of the same features, so i purchased one for my travel case as well.   to be honest, the ipad works great, but the extra features are not useful and I'm glad I bought the Pro version.  Was the Review Helpful? Yes | No  Better than the original  A Customer from Hialeah FL USA  the first one i bought was broken on the bottom and the second was just fine. but i got this one and it works just fine also  was disappointed when i tried it first. but when i unboxed it and found it to be a real good device.  at first it was a bit sluggish but after getting it plugged in and connected to my laptop via bluetooth it went to work. .  in addition to the wireless capabilities the pro version is a little more powerful. and the camera on the pro is awesome too. but the pro model comes with a lcd screen so i love it  But i got tired of looking for a good device that works great but doesnt break the bank. and this fits the bill. its just the right size and feels like a really good device  Would love to see this in different colors or different battery packs for it, but as long as it works well and doesnt get dented, im a satisfied customer  Check it out and see for yourself!  Thanks for the review Mr.G  Great little device .by Jeff from Sacramento CA USA, 09-11-2010  I was very skeptical of the price, but
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is by far the worst smart phone I've ever had. It's not an i phone because it only has 1 button and it's not made for a normal person. You can't use it to watch movies or anything. It is very slow, very annoying. Also the battery does last longer than the other phones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased a Korg Volca Keys for a school project. The first time I used it for music I made a horrible mistake. I pressed the buttons all at the same time causing a very noisy noise. This is very loud as the sound of one key hitting another is very noticeable. This also causes an electrical short as my computer's power cable shorts. I have since purchased a cheaper (I bought this because it is the cheapest) Korg VSTi which does not have this problem.  Couldn't recommend this for the price:  I bought the Korg volca keys for a christmas project. I was amazed at how much sound could be made from one key. The quality of the keys is just horrible. The whole kit is horrible. I would not recommend this to anyone. I am going to be using the keys for Christmas music and nothing else. .  a korg volcabe keys are nice quality but a real bummer. i cant tell you how many times i have to make a new usb cable every time i go to use one. theres just a lot of fussy work to get it in and out of the keyboard. I love the korgs but they sound horrible when used for real. :  I got this for my daughter's christmas present and I can see where they would be a great choice. When she was able to play with them on, she had a great time with it. She is in the piano/organ program at school and was thrilled with the keys and she even gave them back.    The keys are very easy to use and it is fairly simple to program it into a song. She found it quite easy to play some of the songs that she thought might be fun. The only problem was that she wasn't able to tell what she had hit the buttons, so when she would hit another one, she didn't know which key it was, or even where the note was. The key layout can be a bit hard to pick up because they are rather small compared to a typical computer keyboard. That can be somewhat of a pain when trying to play and practicing your lines.   If this is what you are looking for, it might work for you.  's  (2 ratings)  Reviewer: A.R.T.M. - favorite favorite favorite - August 17, 2008  Subject: Best Keys EVER! The keys
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a lot of problems with the first ipod mini i got. it would freeze all the time, and when the display would turn off or when the memory card would go bad i would get an error message and have to reset it. its been 2 months, now i have 2nd ipod and it works fine. only thing i dont like is the sound. if you listen to music in the car it is very annoying and annoying when you have to make a call while the ipod is on. i got this ipod with the screen protector because i cant stand having a large screen on the ipods. the only good thing i can say about the ipad mini is the quality of the screen and the battery life is better.  Style of Music: Hip Hop Style: Funk/Soul  Overall: I've been using a ipad for over a year, since I started college. I bought it at Target. It's not the best device I've used, but it does the job and it is my main computer. The design is good, but the screen is very small and it takes up an extra piece of my chest. The battery life and quality of use is excellent. My only complaint is that it is too large to fit in my bag, so it needs a case. This can get pricey. Overall, its a good device, but I'd prefer a bigger screen.    The bottom line is that I would pay more for a larger screen, so I could get one with a case, but for $300 and $200 I got what I needed.   Good purchase, but not for me  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 08, 2012  By: P.M. from Ocala FL USA  Pros: size, battery life, case  Cons: screen is hard to read  Review: So far so good. It does what I need it to do. The screen does need a case but it's a small amount.  of all my tablets I've owned it was the most well made  I've had many different brands over the years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********************   The monitor I bought is one of the least good ones I have had. The screen is very weak and there are many pixel problems. It's the same with the speakers too. The color depth is not that good and the picture can easily be reduced to half and the screen will look terrible. There is no lag at all and it only runs at 30hz. I can play any game without any lag but this one, its so awful. It is so bad that I can't use it at all. The monitor is not an HDTV monitor and the HDTV I have will also lag but my Macbook has been running at 30 hz for almost a year and will not lag.   ***********************************************************************************************************************   For a cheap monitor and price I was expecting much more. It does not do much besides show the time. It can't even show the moon or stars at all, it's too blurry. It works for my needs, but for the price I expected more.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! After 2 months of use the battery is completely dead and the mouse and keyboard are very hard to use. It takes a long time to load new programs and you have to constantly reset the computer. This is definitely not a product for me. I have my eye on a more reliable device that will give me more than 3 months of usage time.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  B&H, 1-800-B-HELP-FREESHIP, or B&H Photo, Amazon  Canon Digital EOS 5D Mark IV
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device didn't work at all, the lights would blink or go out, and the touchpad would not turn on or register a touch. I have this in a car and it would not work there either.  There is a chance that this is a defective unit.  I bought this for an airplane trip in Europe.   I am so very happy with the value of this product.  I love this little device.  They make excellent products that are priced lower than other brands and are superior quality. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------  I have the KX series of portable CD players. I bought the K-70 and the K40 last year when I went on vacation with my wife. I played music on the portable CD player all day long and it was nice. When I came home last night it took me over 10 minutes to figure out how to turn it off, then I realized the power button was pressed. When you get the power on it does not automatically turn off, it takes some thinking to figure it out. It can get real annoying, so I put it on mute. It's a very simple design but the instructions are a nightmare. This is my first portable CD receiver and I'm very happy with it.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I can't believe that it will never work. I bought two of them for my children and they are useless. The first one that was supposed to work in three hours after charging went on for 2 hours, then stopped working completely. I called the manufacturer and they said it was a fault with the charger, but they did not give a replacement, and my children have lost interest in using it and I have no way of getting them to get it working again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this product and it did not work at all.  My new e-gift card just keeps skipping  No more "skip" sound in my mp3 player! This is one good e-cig!  , March 4, 2013  , April 24, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 3 months and it works very good but it doesnt work with my pc i have had to use the usb port of my pc ive got the usb to audio cable but it only works when its plugged in and if i plug in the usb hub it will not work the port just wont work
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this for the purpose of taking pictures of the outdoors. The problem is that when you look at the picture you will notice a small black ring around the image in the middle of the picture. In other words, when you take a picture of a tree, the tree is still in the picture after the photo is taken. It is very annoying. This thing takes so many pictures I can't do anything with them. I tried to contact B&H about it but I have not received a response. The item is very good and it's a great value. I really like the digital camera and the zoom is great. Rated 5 out of 5 by Robert S. from I wish I had bought it years ago I have been using my Canon 5D Mk2 for many years and have purchased numerous items from B&h.  I am a photo enthusiast and wanted an upgrade to my current camera. My B&W film camera is now 35 years old and is not capable of taking high quality photographs.  After much research I decided to purchase the EOS 80D to replace it.  The EOS D has a lot of unique features that are great for a Canon camera.  It has a larger sensor which allows you to take more photos with a little less noise.  It also has a fast max speed.    As well as its ability to adjust its ISO speed to match the light.  To top it all off it is a very good camera for those that wish to use flash.  Since I use flash I was also happy to hear that the camera did not require a flash accessory to use it.    The B&HP EOS camera is the best camera I have owned.  In the past I have purchased Canon products but the E-M1 for example was disappointing.  With the B&hp E-D I will definitely be purchasing more from BH.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is my favorite product I own, I was in the market for a new one, when a friend mentioned that this one could be had for $10.00. I took a chance and bought it, now I'm regretting my decision... it was a great deal, but I'd give it a 0 if it wasn't so slow.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, January 30, 2009  by John from St. Louis MO USA  Review: Worked as advertised for about 3 years. I would like to recommend this product.    Was This Review Helpful no backlight needed Monday, July 10, 2008  A Nice Tool, and a Good Value  By Eric from Dallas TX USA  the Epson USB Flash drive I purchased to copy photos was a perfect fit for this camera as the USB port was placed near the right side of the camera (at the very top), but not in the camera, it only served to allow me to use it as a drive. .  as you can see from the image, you can easily copy a large file at a decent speed by simply placing it on a USB drive. the only caveat was that I could not copy a medium file as there was no back light under the camera.  in summary, it was an excellent choice as a USB flash drive and it can easily be used for both still images and video as well.  to be honest, it's an excellent product that works perfectly well. only minor issues I would suggest to consider buying this for the camera that is a necessity for professionals.  be sure to check out my blog post on the pros and cons of using the USB for video here: http://e-one-cameras.blogspot.com/2008/07/usb-storage-cards-part-2-review.html  I recommend this tool very highly, and I would certainly buy it again. ,   Was this Review helpful to you?)  Yes No Wednesday, October 21, 2007  Great Flash Drive!  View Photo Gallery | 10 Photos  This Epson Flash Drive is a great purchase for anyone who wants a reliable, portable way to copy and store large files. As a backup drive, it comes complete with an SD card to store any pictures or video you may have. There is a built in USB port to access your files while on the go.   Pros:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i bought a tv to watch movies at home but all of the movies i got were in black and white (i'm a fan of color) so i replaced them with blu ray disks but still no color. when i came home the tv was busted so i had to order a new one. the box and all of it were not as advertised. so for the price they were good but for the quality they suck Rating:    I love the iphone 4c and the fact that the screen size is a little less than my iphones 4 and iphoned 4.   The battery life is good and the screen is good but the quality is a bit low.  Rating:::  i used it only for a short time but for $200 it's a good price. Rating -: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an old apple wireless that wouldnt turn on and wasnt even working. ive never had to replace that device but i can imagine having to. and im pretty sure there is a problem with it. __________________  I just bought another iphone 7 and my old iphon isnt working
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for over a year and it has been a terrible experience. i dont know how you can make a small speaker sound better and louder then the cheap one this thing came with...i have the original one and it is still a nice sound and it can also play mp3 files. i also bought the cheaper one but when it came it only had the same crappy speaker and crappy usb cable which is not something i would normally need to buy so i decided to get this one cause it sounded better. i had to get the usb cable and a usb to usb cable since this one came with a headphone jack but the usb to microphone that comes with the usb jack is a terrible connector and doesnt work so i ended up having to buy a decent headset. also i cant recommend buying it because there are more than enough other usb port adapters for any usb device and also they arent very cheap but thats not a huge issue because when it comes to a speaker i can get a better one at walmart or amazon for around the same price so its just a crappy cheap one that isnt worth getting. i will never buy a cheap speaker again
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month and ive broken one thing after another. i have tried to repair it a few times and the phone has a hard time working, especially when connecting to a wifi network. ive sent the phone to my local repair center and i have a feeling this phone will be back together in no time. i am very disappointed in the product and its performance, i just purchased it to use for my office computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!! This!!!!!!! I do not understand, why people have the problem with this one. I ordered this!!!!!! for my son who plays video games and it work fine, and i also got this one for a friend of mine who play Xbox 360 for a year or so. The only problems i have had was when i tried to turn on it, it wont turn on. And i have also noticed the power light in the bottom and the buttons, the blue on the top of the power, is out of place, it seems to be the same for all of them. But the bottom buttons work fine for me. And if you dont like your new controller you can buy a new one as it is a new product. I would recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I used this device once and it took me a week to read my email and it was taking me a while to update my facebook. It was extremely slow. My girlfriend even gave it a try and that's how slow it was too.   The last time i used it was when i was on my mobile and was talking to my girlfriend on the phone and was wondering if we could talk on the net. I can't even imagine how slow a modem can be.   The other problem is that the wireless router on my computer is too small for my needs. It would be good to have a larger router. It works well in the office but my parents' computer only has the basic wired connection. I would have loved to buy a larger wireless router but the only one that i found in my price range was a little too big for me and i wouldnt use it in the house.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The iPad  has the same screen problem that many other tablets do - if I move my finger from one edge of the screen to the other, the entire thing shakes or wobbles.  Also -  I can't find any reviews that describe the problem or a fix.  The only reason I'm bothering to write about this is because the company that I use doesn't have any answers for me.  A more positive review from a user:    I think the device is great, but I found the first screen glitch after a couple of weeks of use.   Now I have replaced the screen and it seems much better.  I also find that when I press the iPad with my right thumb on the screen, the tablet does not register that thumb.  This has been a problem since the iPad came out so I am pretty upset about the first bug.    Now I can see that there is a good problem to solve.  So I am definitely glad that the iPad seems to be working out, but not the screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was having a bad day, and it was time for a shower. I found the "digital shower" and was looking at the shower head, which worked well until it went dead. I got to it quickly and tried to turn it back on. It wouldn't, it wouldn't turn off, it would just spin and make loud buzzing sounds. I couldn't turn it off no matter how hard I tried, so I pulled it out and called the tech support. After a while they sent me a new one, which was the best thing I've ever bought, and also the cheapest. Thank you for a good product, and good support!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the xtremio for 3 months now and its broken in half every time its on the charger! The battery only lasts 30 minutes and then goes dead. i couldnt get a charge out of it. i have tried a usb cable and a charger on it but still cant get it to work. i bought it for $60 and when i get it back, i want a refund and have the warranty for it!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm sorry to say it, but this is the worst product I've had. I received this to replace the broken iPod nano and iMac screen. After playing with it for about a week, I noticed it was completely dead and needed to be replaced. I called tech support and they gave me this advice of putting a fresh battery in and hoping it would do it's job. Well this just wouldn't do it. They said they couldn't help me as it would be up to Apple if I wanted to keep the screen. I was extremely disappointed. I guess I should have looked at the rating before I bought it. It was just under $150. This was one of the worse purchases I have ever made. I will not be buying another Apple product.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a cheap Chinese mobile phone and found out it wasn't very reliable and that it was designed to work only with a very small number of wireless network providers in different parts of the country. For example, one provider doesn't support GSM or CDMA, and one doesn't work on the 3G network, but at least my cell phone works. I've since got the 3D printer, but I've always regretted my purchase. My original purchase was a Lenovo mx430 laptop. It worked fine, but the power adapter didn't fit into my charger's socket on the side of the laptop. After buying a second power adapter from Amazon, it would still not fit into the charger's sockets on my laptop, so I bought another one from a different website and that one did fit. The laptop was now fine with the power plug inserted. I would not buy it again.  My review of the Lulzbot Mini 3D Printer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 2 days, it is good, but a huge fail in every way. the speakers are terrible, and theres no way that i can get them louder. theres a reason that i have this device, its for my TV. but after this device i cant take it to my TV, i just put it on the wall and thats the end of it. this device needs a better speaker, but otherwise it is a great buy.  Rated 5 out of 5 by bhaynes from Awesome It was a little difficult to get the right cable to work in this but that was my mistake. This is a very good sound system. The tv works very good and the sound is very clear. ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ You can always pick up an old computer or game console and build a new one but the same goes for all electronic products. Most of the time you get a low quality device with some broken buttons and the sound is terrible and it is also a pain to get it fixed! And you can buy used ones for very cheap in the street if you are lucky. So please, do not buy these if you can afford a brand new one.  Good product, good value Review by Mark  Value Quality Price I got this as part of a kit of the parts to rebuild my old gamepad. Everything worked and it was very easy to assemble. The only downside to the product is that it has some plastic parts that are prone to breakage. But these are easily replaceable, which is a good thing. ,  I like it Review by Tom  Quality Price Value I'm really glad i got this, this thing is great and works perfect!  No more buttons with the wireless remote and this review would be shorter! Review by David  Price Value Quality i don't use the buttons with my wireless remotes (but they work fine) but i used this kit to make a new Xbox one gamepad out of the same old parts i had laying around, that's right its all new and works like a charm, and now my old wired one is also dead (i got this for the bluetooth version of the wireless remote) and i can use it for both games and my tablet with no problem, i think that is a win win!  the only thing i would change is the size of the buttons, i dont like having a whole bunch of small buttons, but the remotes work great for what i need, and with the buttons you get with this kit you can actually play games that would only work on wired remotes, the fact that i can play both Xbox and Xbox 360 on the wireless one is a bonus, and i think this kit has a lot of potential, and if i ever run out of parts again i will be ordering more of this kit
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would only recommend this product for a large flat panel TV. I was in the middle of a high budget project (I just finished an art center) and my power supply came with a low quality, poor grade power adapter. This thing was not only bad, it was very loud and didn't work right. After replacing the power adapter, I went out and purchased this adapter to replace the old one. This one worked perfectly for my project. I had to use a screw driver to get into the adapter and it made a lot of noise in the process. I also had to adjust the power cord as I had put the cord through the back of the unit and the cords were very long.  Good Review by Matt The sound is good for a cheap adapter. You will probably have to adjust it a little but its not too bad. It is also pretty heavy. .  is a number after a dash  i have had no problems with it  good Review by john Works just fine and is small enough to fit in my hand. I'm getting more use out of it than I thought. -John  Quality Product Review by Dan Very high quality product! Works well  -Dan
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this  laptop  is really really bad and I really don't understand why I bought it in the first place.  When the battery  disappears in the middle of a game I've played for  5+ hours I just stop playing and just give up.   I'm hoping that  the batteries will work again soon and I don't want to be stuck with this laptop. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had this for a year, and it's the worst electronic device I've ever owned.  This thing is so loud.  I've tried turning it up and down several times and still can't hear it.  The buttons are completely obstructed by the screen and they are useless.  They are so loud and it makes it almost impossible to hear anything.  As far as I'm concerned, the speakers on this thing are the worst thing about it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The phone is a piece of garbage and the software is the same garbage. It is not a good purchase. --------------  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------The iphone iphones iphONE iphOne iphONES iphOICEROP iphOOH-OH iphooIE iphohO-IE ipicH-IEN iphochen oihchEE iphoyeh-CHEN ipi-chen iphkoh iphik iphc iphck iphkeh iphkh iphh ipk iph iphp iph- iphEE ipf- ips- ipee ipp- iph ipea ipeea ipfe ipef ipfi ipes ipg- ipesEE ipsEE ippe ipkh iplk ipeh ipp oihk ipla iple iplee ipleee iplek iple k- ee ipea iplei iplekee ipleek ipleck iplec iplech iplem iplen iple o- o- iph iple p- iplep ipleq ipler- pierp ileyp i- ike- ikes ikE- ikIe- ij- iddy- ixE- xh- ixtx izzie ixe izzy iph ee iph ipe p p- p-p-p p-pe p-e p-ep p-er p-g p-i p-m p-o p-pp p-q p-sa p-ss p-sp p-x p-yy p-z p-E Pee pepee Peepe peppe peph pep pep Peph peph pepp pepp eepee eep pepep eeppepe pew pewpe pEWPE PEWPE EE PE PE PEEE PEEPEE PEEEPE PEEPE EE PEEPEG PEEPEP EEE PEPEEPE PEEPEEEE PEEPEEE PEEPEEP EE PEEWPE PEEWPEE PEEWPPEE PE- EE PEE PEEE PEEPE PEEPEE P- PEEPEE PEEEPPEE- PEEPEH PEEPEW PEEPWE PEEWE-EE PEEDEE PEEPPEEE PeePEEPE- EEPEEEE PE
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!   I have purchased a few items from you in the past and was never disappointed with the purchase and will buy again!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've used this to play music on my iPhone and I'm very impressed. It looks a little old, but it plays all of my music without a problem. It is lightweight, small, light and it looks great with the phone on.  It does sound a bit tinny at the highest volume, but once you get it to a reasonable volume, it's great. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i got it and it did not work. it just stopped working when i went to use it. the last thing i did was to turn it off and then on and then it went back to work. i did not get anything for this one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, September 17, 2012  I bought this because it came with an accessory that you could use to charge an EV battery. It works great. I had an iPod touch before I got the iPad, and I don't miss the iPod touch. This little gem is really handy. :)  by: D-Bolton from CA USA  Rating: Questionable  Review: I'm a tech geek with a penchant for computers and this is just an expensive toy. My computer won't talk to my car, so it has been a chore to charge it. It takes a long time to charge, and it takes a second to turn the computer back on after it's been turned off. The screen also flickers when I have my screen brightness high. ,  Good thing I can charge it on a car charger. . 's  By: Paul from Florida USA . Review: I use it for working on my iPad, working on a laptop on the road. It is very easy to use, but I am very disappointed that it has not worked yet. I'm not sure if there is a firmware problem or a hardware problem, but it does not have a "wake" function. This is very disappointing and I am not sure what the company will do about it. I am really looking forward to testing out the charger when I can get home this week.  is this an Apple product?? is it a "true" USB charger? by Chris from Ontario  .Review: i don't know what to make of this. this thing is a nice compact charging station. i used it for several things, like playing a little music while I work on a paper. it charges my ipod touch faster than it does my laptop, and i can charge both at the same time. it comes with a power adapter and a USB cable. i would've been happy if the usb cable was a little longer, but this thing holds its own in its own way. by Chris G from Ontario Canada  Rated 1 out of 5 by Mike from This item was advertised as a USB charger for my iPad Air.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for 3 yrs. its working just fine, as long as the battery isnt drained before it shuts down. i keep my computer on low battery and turn it off and on again. but when the battery starts to die i have to turn it up to 5v or else my computer stops working. im looking into a replacement but id rather have the one that's working as good as this one. i have one on my tv now. good buy  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 21, 2011  by DANIEL from West Chester, PA  Review: It works,but its a good size  Response: This is a very good product at a very reasonable price.   Was it Helpful to know about the 4-year warranty? Yes, it does come with it.  Add your answer
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have purchased 2 of these units and each one died after 2 months. The first one had to be replaced, I used it for about 2 weeks and it would not power on. The second one was on for over a year, and still would not turn on. I am sure it would have died any other time, but this device was so expensive.   The good:  - They're fairly light weight  The bad:  The unit was easy to install  I'm sure there is a better product out there   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm not happy with the performance of this phone. I've had it for a couple of days and I've already noticed issues. One, it has no memory card slot. It is like it never got this thing.   Second, I'm having some problems connecting the phone to my laptop. The software says it is connected but the screen is all blank. My laptop won't recognize it. Finally, the screen does not work. I'm going to call Apple and they are supposed to be able to fix this, but I'm afraid they'll do nothing because this phone is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a joke...!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this for my husband for our anniversary and he doesn't like it. I gave it to him and he threw it in the trash the first time he used it. He's trying to get used to it now, but he still keeps looking at it thinking he can get it to do more. We've tried everything to get it working but we'll see how it goes.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Michael from Great product that has been a good buy! As a long time PC user, I knew I needed this to do the same as my old PC. I got it in 2 days and it was worth it.  was very easy to put together and has good quality buttons and a solid keyboard. I love that the computer has a built-in fan. I've got it connected to the built- in fan and it looks so nice. Also, I like that the keyboard can be positioned for your comfort.  and easy to set up. It is easy to use and it's light enough that I can easily carry it in a bag.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great product and I am glad I purchased it! I have had it a month now and it works great and is much cheaper than any other I have ever bought.  The only reason I gave it only 2 stars is because I have been using it for only a couple of days now and the screen is completely cracked.  The first thing I noticed was the screen was very bright and crisp.   It looked great.  It came with a remote.  I installed a USB cable to connect my iPad to it and it just worked!  This works like a charm.  Now my iPad will show me when the battery is low.  The first screen to break was on the side of the camera.  That is the only time I have used it so far.  There was no issue with the image quality at all.  As others have mentioned, I found the camera's battery life is great.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The   LCD   in my   TFT   is   cracked   and has to be replaced   with   something else   to go back to using   the   device. I've seen similar   problems   from other   devices.   I'm going to have to return this   unit to the store and get another. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:      I am not sure how a cell phone can be so bad for the ears. I had one at one time and loved it until I got a cell device. The cell phone was a Motorola GSM GSM-CDMA, model number 925. The sound quality was OK but I can't hear well. I can hear sounds better from a phone made by another manufacturer. If you get this phone for any reason and it is not a good phone then you will never love it again. I do not recommend buying this cell phone.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The watch is terrible! It does not even do what it's supposed to. I will be leaving this watch and the money I paid out to return it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an apple iphone for about 3 years now and it has the most horrible user interface of any mobile device I have ever used. It was the only phone I ever used with a keyboard because my dad had the old iphones with a non touch screen keyboard. i love my iphonelove but it just doesnt cut it as far as iphono and MP3 players are concerned. It takes forever to load the app store with apps (more than 10 apps at once) and the only apps i could find that worked were just a handful of MP3s that were from a few years ago and had a horrible interface. This phone is going back to the dumpster in no time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gt3 for about 2 months now and its an amazing phone. the problem is when i turn it off and on my phone it has a blue glow when it connects or disconnects with the other one. i have read reviews about this phone and no one said anything about this problem. i do have a problem with the blue light but i have a feeling that is a firmware issue. other then that i am satisfied with this phone. i would love to give it 5 stars but because of the problem the 2 stars are going to be hard to do. i hope this can be fixed soon so everyone can enjoy this wonderful phone.   PROS: good camera, very easy to use  CONS: bad blue light, can be annoying  Review by ryan b. on 01/03/2016 byon 01/02/2016 I was looking for a new smartphone so I could stay connected to my family and do more online, this phone does everything it says it can do! I have a friend that works with the US Coast Guard so he has a ton of pics and videos taken on his GS4. This phone is very similar to his and very durable, as long as you don't do too much and don't put it on a hard surface like a table it will be fine. The camera is amazing! I also really like the sound recording and that I can use my phone without looking at the screen. The software is a little lacking in places, but most of that can be overlooked and is easily fixable with the LG website. If you buy this phone you will not regret it.   the only con I have is the camera. If it does not have a flash, the picture looks washed out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A very interesting device but it failed to deliver for a few reasons. It doesn't like to stay powered on, it always dies and has to be plugged back in. I thought it would be more durable. The display has a dimming feature to control the brightness which has no effect. The touch screen is horrible. I never found a comfortable way to use it. The most frustrating part is the lack of documentation. It is very hard to explain how to do any of the functions. You have to ask your phone or someone to walk you through it. A good tool for what it is but not for what I needed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This works fine but... I have had one for almost a year and the speaker is only for sound. the volume is too low. the USB is for charging and the device does not charge correctly (not able to power on). I tried changing the charger and it did not work. The other device that comes with it also works well. I am having the same issue and have called Apple and they have given me a new one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Had this device for a month, now it has quit working. The battery is totally dead.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, February 06, 2011  Great product but not for everyone  by Kip from Laredo TX USA  Pros: Great features!  Cons: I'm not a professional user and some have not worked  Review: Worked flawlessly, although the display is not the greatest, so read the manual prior to using the product. Wasn't very hard to set up on my old Dell but not so easy on my new one. So far I'm happy with my purchase!  (from a customer)  was this review helpful to you?: Yes No Thursday, February 03, 2011   by Anonymous from California  Surprisingly well built and sturdy!  to me it seemed like it was made well.  The battery lasts and is much more reliable than my old CRT monitor.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking to upgrade from a CRT. It even has a 3D option that the monitor had no option for. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple months. i get it to play the new mame arcade machines. it does not work with the game but it does work with arcade cabinets. i think i got a bad batch from the factory. the other problems i have with this machine are that the sound isnt working right. the buttons dont work the way i need them to. and the sound on this is terrible. it is very loud when its in the cab and when it is playing. i have to turn the system on when i go to the cab so that there is some room for it to sound properly. the only positive thing i can say about it is that the controls for the games are a good idea to control with a joystick and not a key. but the joystick isnt adjustable for the game. i would have really liked to have used this to play my old arcade games like solitare, etc. and maybe some old mame cabinet games. i guess i will just have to get some real controllers to play those games. this thing is definately not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this for over a year now and had it for a few months before its first software update caused it to become unusable. my phone no longer would work and i had to return it as it was becoming too much of a hassle to maintain. i was going to buy a better device but now my phone has been working well all this time and is my main phone. i have not been able to find the source of the problem. i am very frustrated with this manufacturer and i have no time for the hassle of replacing an electronic device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! A very high quality product at a very reasonable price. But the quality control and manufacture quality have left much to be desired. I purchased this unit last month and had to return it because my unit was defective. When I received the faulty unit, I found that the top cover had been bent. It looked like the bottom cover had slipped off the end of the unit. It looks like the part of the plastic had been pulled out of the casing and was hanging on by itself. I'm so glad to be able to get a replacement unit from here, but the shipping charge was so expensive that I decided to return the defective unit. I have no idea if this is going to happen again and I'm not sure how much money they'll take off their inventory. I would never buy another one of these! This is not the unit for the casual user.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was great for the first few months it was on the market, then started to get sluggish. It would often start slowly but then get worse as the time went on. Now that the replacement has arrived, I will probably be switching back to my old phone or a cheap phone for now. Not so much of an issue, but still disappointing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the same exact one for about a year and my laptop is a mess. it works great on my laptop, but the same thing happens on my home pc. I was soooooo happy when i got this one. It is a great bang for the buck. This one is the best bang for your buck i've ever used.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________  This thing is a piece of junk. The battery is not rated for continuous use. I used the product once and then threw it away. The sound of the fan is horrible. Not worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I use it for everything from writing (write a check, check a bill) to viewing (Netflix and Amazon Prime). The screen is ok, but the sound quality is subpar. The only way I can view HD content is to use a laptop, and I was very disappointed that the screen was so poor. The screen gets hot, and it gets really hot during a Netflix session, especially while on a couch. I will not buy another monitor, especially one that is only ok for a tablet and a smartphone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a bit noisy, and not very clear.   Also, I found the screen to be VERY small on the 8 inch version.  I have a Sony Vaio Pro 13 tablet (1st gen), which is about 1 inch smaller than this one.  If you have a smaller display or just want the best performance, this is the best value out there.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great product The product is very smooth and bright. It is a little bit bigger then expected, but it can be shrunk to any other size with a file. I will order more soon. -Mike  Customer Testimonial  I've bought a couple of these and just wish I would've spent the extra $15 for a larger model. This one is fine for the price and the picture quality is outstanding. This is the first product I have purchased from you and I am very satisfied with the quality. The only thing I am not as happy with is the battery life. This unit seems to last longer then most portable computers. The other unit that I have that lasts longer than this unit is my old PC that I purchased from Micro Center.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________ I bought this at Walmart. I like that it looks like an electric drill but it's so slow. I tried to use it to clean a basement and it wouldn't do a thing. I thought it would run great but it only did one hole and it took forever to do it. I've been cleaning up floors, floors and walls and all I do is use it on the floor. Also, it's not very good for using it on drywall and walls. I also don't think it's great for getting around corners because it's awkward and slow and I get lost easily. ______________________________________________________ Pros: Looks like an electrical drill but doesn't work like one. Nice color Cons: Very slow for getting holes in drywall, walls and floors and awkward on edges.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad product. It works as advertised. But you cannot use it for long periods of time. The batteries die quickly and there is no way to recharge it. The device is very heavy, like a brick. My advice: Do not buy this product, it will ruin your device in no time!   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little over a year now, it works well for my needs as an amateur photographer but the buttons are very finicky to press and are very sensitive to bending. it has worked for some photos but when i tried to print a single page of a photo on this i couldnt get a consistent image even though i had an accurate printer. i had to try several prints and some of them were unusable. other than that it's an ok purchase
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought a new iphone 6 6 plus iphones and when it came in the mail, it was completely dead and the screen was black. I tried to get it to work and it wouldn't turn on. I returned it for a replacement but after two weeks I saw a review saying that it was broken and the people who were selling it said the same thing. That was the last time I would buy this device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's annoying to have to use a mouse when you need one.  The joystick on the left hand side doesn't seem to be any better, but it's good to see that the X-Mover can be used with a game pad.    It's annoying that it's not possible to select the left-hand joystick as the default for your left hand when using the XMover in any mode, as I find myself doing with most of my games.  The only good thing I can say about it is that it is easy to take off/on.  I've used this with the X2 for a while now and have had no problems whatsoever.  I have to admit, I'm not very good at playing PC games.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  These batteries were used as replacements for the batteries in my Sony Alpha a7ii camera. The camera's batteries would last a long time, but the batteries inside the external batteries would quickly die and become unusable. These batteries did not. They were cheap but would last for hours. The internal batteries of the camera lasted about 30 seconds or less before failing. These would not last more than a few minutes. If you need something to replace an old battery and can't afford expensive external ones then these are a good alternative. Rated 5 out of 5 by Bob from Excellent product, very convenient and fast service I have used this product in various scenarios, but most importantly for the replacement of defective alkaline batteries in an SONY SEL camera that had been damaged by a drop during the filming of an aerial shoot. The replacement batteries I purchased arrived very fast and with no damage.  Rated 3 out of five by John S from Not what I expected I was expecting these to be more rugged because of the "Batteries are Sealed in Plastic" description on the pack. These pack of batteries did have some slight damage at the bottom of the pack which I was not expecting. I replaced the bottom and it works well. I also think it is best if these batteries are in the pack with your battery charger rather than separately. I have used these batteries for various projects and the pack has lasted for a year and a half so far. There is no indication of any issues with it. I would still like to see them in a heavier duty design. These are still not the most rugged or reliable batteries out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The first thing I thought when I opened this is, 'Is that a real battery?'. Not much bigger than my old cell phone battery. It had no 'lifepo2' label on it. After it started charging, I found out that this thing only lasts 20 hours! After about 10 or 15 minutes, the battery started to die. This is definitely not a good idea for the money.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I use it for my iPhone 6 and the battery just died... The only good thing is the way it looks   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- 1 out of 5 The cord is too long and you cant use it for long time or not enough. ------------------------- 2 out of 0 If you have any issues with this product please contact us. -------------- 2 out 1 Very disappointing -------------- 3 out of 1 Not very happy with the device -------------------------- 1 out 0 I just got this product and it has a hard time keeping charge. ------------ 1 out 5 The charger is too short. ------------- 1 out 1 Bad product ------------ 2 out 3 Very poor quality ------------------------ 1 out 2 The cord gets lost when you use the phone charger ------------- 2 out 2 Very poor customer service -------------- 4 out of 4 The charger would be good if it had more volume ------------- 3 out 3 Poor customer service and customer service is better ------------------------ 3 out 4 Very disappointing ---------------------- 3 out 5 -------------- 1 out  Good
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this as a gift for my boss. Unfortunately this is not an improvement over the older phone. The screen does not work well and the keyboard is too small. This is a $150 phone that could have been replaced for a few dollars less. I don't care for the old Nokia design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best thing about this is that there's no screen to drop, so if you drop it you're still fine. The screen is very well built and doesn't bounce around when you're on the ground.   I've only used this for 2 days but have put it down multiple times and been able to carry it all day with no problems. It's small and fits well in my bag.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this since the 90s and its been nothing but a pain. the only thing that it does is make the buttons look cool. it also gets really warm in your hand to the touch. it has a huge problem with having no power supply. the other problem is that when you try to connect the computer it just locks up so you cant do anything. it cant be fixed.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:1 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a few months now and i just noticed that its no longer receiving my satelite, its sending a blank screen and when i turn it on it wont even connect to my modem. the whole screen is blank. i contacted satelites support and they were unable to offer any help and would not even go as far as saying its not working. i really like this phone and was excited when i got it but i will be buying a new one at a later date.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My iDevice screen started beeping and blinking nonstop for about three hours at a time while i slept in bed. After my brother-in-law came over to check it out he noticed the screen was blinking but didn't think much of it. He came in the morning and woke me up out of bed and told me the screen had stopped blinking and beeping. He didn't get any power from it at all and tried putting it back together by himself. It took him an hour and a half to get it all together. All of the wires had to be cut off as well. I think the battery was ruined. The screen is now unusable. Very disappointing! I really don't recommend this company to anyone!!!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I have bought two of these for my son and I. They are terrible, but are cheaper than having him look for a brand new device to buy. He did not like the sound when he plugged it in to get a response. When he tried to connect it to his computer he was only getting the white noise. This is my 4th one, and will not buy one from a local store anymore. I am now going to have to do all my buying at Amazon instead!  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great for getting information The speakers are great for getting you the information you need when you don't have Internet access. I've had mine for about 3 months now and still have no problems with it. The only reason I did not give it 4 stars is the price tag. For the money this thing is not great. I paid only $75 for the speaker (w/ the charger) and only had it for 3 months. I'm not even sure it would survive 2 years without a repair. So it's a great product, but it's not worth the price you have to pay to get it.  Recommended for low cost web surfing I am a web developer and have been searching for a good quality portable USB to digital converter for my work at home, it's been over a year since I needed one and I finally bought this one and it is well worth the purchase price. I use it mostly for low power web surfing on my laptop and it has done the job well. I love it. For around $20 this is well above average and the quality is pretty good also. I'd buy this again and again!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________ My new _________ has a bad battery. I ______________ __________ the battery because ________, and it ____________d. The ___________ I _______ the battery, _____________ ________. It ____________________ d the ________ to ________ ________ and ________d. I am ________ ______ ________. It _______ ________ that ________ ___ _______ it, and _________________________ ________ in ________ so that ______________________ ________________. It is ________ the _____________________ that _______ and _________________. I think ________ it _______. I'm ________, and _______ my __________________ that _____ it _______________________ ________________, and ______ the ____________________________ ________________ _____ my ________ on the _______ to ________________. The ________________ is ________________ that _______________________________ ________________________ to ________________________________. I was ____________________ _______ that _________________________________________ ___________________________ ________________ on ___________________. I want ________ I ________________ I to ________________________ ________ my _______ is _______________________________________ and ______ it to _______. I think it __________________________________ ________________ and ____ ________ __ is _____ ________________- ________- ________________ to _____.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------This is a nice little gadget. I had no problems getting it to work at all with no problems at all. When I put the battery in, it went from 60% to 80% in less than a minute or so and when I tried to turn it on it did not work. I found that after some research, that if you put the batteries into the USB port in the front of the computer case, the light goes on, then after plugging it into my Mac, the battery goes to 100% and the light on goes out. So if you want to charge this thing with a Mac, it will not work with the computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The watch has been fine but it did not get a battery charger or a case.  I've got the same problem, but the charger is in my bedroom, near a light and it is the only power source for my watch. The battery is about 30 days old, and it looks like the power supply is not working. If I try to power up the watch it goes into a boot loop. It would be nice if there was some way to recharge the watch for free, if not then I'll need to buy a new one. 2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When I first plugged this device in, I thought it was a USB adapter for my keyboard... and when it booted into Chrome, I was amazed to find that it was not a keyboard. It booted into Windows. I tried to open the "Start menu", and "Run", but there was no result. There was no option to open a Command Prompt window. I also tried to type "start command prompt" into the Start menu and found there was nothing there, only a blank screen. I had to open another application to enter the Command Prompt... to find out that it would not open any other Windows programs. There were no instructions either.   I had to try a number of other things to figure out how to get back into Chrome (e.g. switching to "Default Web Browser", switching to a different device that was connected, and so on) and I think that this could have been avoided if the product had been designed differently. I would not recommend this product at all if you do not need to use this application.   a small price to pay for a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the unit for a few days, and it works fine, but its just a clunky piece of junk. the sound quality is terrible, and is a little muffled in comparison to my old headphones. the speaker is not very loud, and the headphone jack is completely useless. if you like a little more bass and higher quality sound, than this is a decent unit. if not, save your money and get a more expensive one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 29, 2015  Nice  by Paul from West Bloomfield MI USA  Review: Works well, easy to use  Pros: No wires, easy on and off. Good sound quality.  atleast it makes for a good headphone  Cons: No headphone jack, so no connection to phone. .  a better purchase would be to get the ear buds, and the microphone, or a good phone that comes with a headset.  the mic can be used as a bluetooth headset when connected to the phone, but if you need to speak into the microphone the mic will need to be disconnected.  that said, the audio quality is very good. I like the quality of the sound.  I use the unit almost everyday, and I'm very happy with the sound that I am getting. , I would highly recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a small and easy to carry unit, the sound is great  Good Value  By Charles from Richmond CA USA  a little pricy, but well worth the price.   Review of DJI Mavic Pro 1.4GHz 2MP Quadcopter Drone with Smartphone APP:  Overall this is my second DJI. I've owned their other models. The Mavics (older models) are great for beginners. They have a built in radio. I use them on a regular basis. They are easy to fly, and very quiet.   that said the camera isn't good, it's just a standard 6 megapixel. So that really hurts. Also, its very hard to lock on to things. I can't wait to buy the Mavix or the Phantom 2. Both will be much better.  , the gimbal is amazing. Its very responsive, and accurate. The camera isn''t great, I''m not going to upgrade the camera, the mavic's camera is ok for casual use
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this tablet for a couple of months now and i am very disappointed in the design and the build quality of the tablet. when i bought it i expected it to have a decent quality build, and its not. It is made from a cheap plastic, and it does not even have an internal storage so you cant add new apps to it, but the other thing that i didnt expect is that its not wireless. its got a bluetooth connection that works just fine but that does not mean i can use it anywhere. If you want a small tablet for watching movies then this is fine, if you want to use it as a real computer than this is not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for 4 days and it is not working. I went to the store to have it fixed because i didnt even have the charger for it so i sent it back. The man told me its a new model and that i have to pay for the parts to have the new model fixed. I told him i am on welfare so the parts arent free. I sent it in for a replacement because i dont have insurance. They told me i have 90 days to send it back if i want it fixed. i dont want to because im not gonna have it working at all. I have had this product for over 10 years. It doesnt even come with a receipt. And they are charging me $15 for a part. I dont get it. Do they have something better?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using these batteries for about 5 years and have only had one battery break on me. the first battery broke because i left it with the power cord overnight and the other one, when i unplugged it from the wall, it just stopped working. i bought 2 more batteries to replace it and they worked fine. but now one of the batteries just died on me and i am not sure if it was the battery or the charger. i don't care if it costs a little more, i just want to know it will last me a long time!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a bunch of them. ive been ripped off by a lot of the major electronic companies, and always been burned by cheap knock offs.    they are so expensive it is easy to get duped. the only good thing about these is if you have a good setup to save battery power.  they work, but you can only charge up to 15-20% capacity, and they take a while to charge.  after that you just need to plug it in.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "This thing sucks. I just bought it yesterday and its not working. You get 2 usb ports and no ethernet port...its all usb and it doesnt work. Im so confused I cant even figure out how to use it right now."   Was this review helpful? YES NO  10 of 11 people found this review useful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I was looking for a good cheap, no frills, simple, simple solution to a computer problem (the computer wasn't working properly). When the replacement computer came in the mail, it appeared to work well - but when it came out of the box, the computer had been stripped and ruined. The new machine was not worth the price paid. I returned the machine and had them replace the motherboard with one from a new computer and then return the machine. After the replacement failed, I contacted Apple. They gave me a new, refurbished unit which was then replaced, repaired and returned.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     - The battery was not replaceable  - The price is too much  - After using this for less than a week it finally died  - It took more than 30 days to get a replacement  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 6s and it doesn't charge. i don't know what else to say except they just give a bad impression. i love the way they work but if they are that hard to use i am not buying them again. i hope that they fix it soon  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It's a beautiful but expensive headphone. The best part is the sound. The sound is much better than my HD650, and with the low impedance, I can listen to music without headphones. I just wish that there was more sound out of the headphone. I don't know why it has such low output of noise and bass. It also makes the headphone very warm, but the sound is so nice. The only reason why I bought this is because it was so cheap. This is the last headphone I would buy, I would probably wait for a more expensive pair of headphones because of the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was so excited to get this because I have a iphone 4, but there are lots of reviews on this product and it does not work well, I was a bit worried but I got it today and I thought I would give it a try, it does have an ip camera, but I can't send a video and it keeps freezing up or it will show a video but it's nothing. So I'm giving this 3 stars because the other reviewers had a better experience than I did. It would be great if a good review of this product can come up because I really wanted it but it did not work out.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, January 14, 2012  Works well, does not support video capture  by John from Humble TX USA  Pros: Great resolution and video  Cons: Does not support audio capture 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just gotten my ipod and i just started using it and it works, but it is the worst thing i have ever used. it doesnt even turn off with one button. I cant play music because the phone will not turn it off. ive tried everything to make it turn off, except the power button, and i can not find a way to do so without using an extra screw. also i have an iphone with the same problem. not a very good product.  I am a software engineer who does business on a computer that has a CDMA modem. I am having problems with the CDMA modems on my computer that require a password to work. If anyone knows of any good solutions, I would greatly appreciate it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  "This thing can't make the phone work. It seems like I have to plug it in all the time. It does not get an echo or sound and the display is so tiny that it is hard to see with a pair of cheap glasses." Product Rating:    5 out of 5 stars The best thing I've ever owned - I've had this since January and have been using it daily ever since. It works fine for watching the news, or checking my phone, I'm on it in the background even while I'm working. The built in speaker is loud enough to listen to the radio and the screen is clear and easy to read. The only thing I don't like about it is the price, but that's a minor quibble for me. Great device - I had a similar device for over a decade and when I first started to use a laptop I bought this for use in my workstation and it was so easy to use. I had never used an iPhone before but now I can use a mobile phone app to listen in to my radio. I don't know what the problem is, but I have had 2 units in less than a week from Amazon and they are going at twice the price each. This is not only frustrating, but it has cost me money. Now that I know this is going to happen again and I will have to find a used device I would rather pay more for. The unit I bought had a screen protector on it so that the screen doesn't rub off on the back, but when I use it I always have to keep wiping the screen clean with a cloth. This is a great device and if I can save one I would be more than happy to.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************ I bought the Apple Watch 2 and used it for 2 days. I am an EMT, and in the field, I have two Apple Watches. I really have to get use to the buttons. This is a bad choice. I can see myself buying one of the original Apple Watces.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought the ipad 6.0 in November of 2013 and I use it to surf the web. I am disappointed with the fact that the ipads lack touch screen. I have to manually tap on a menu and then it loads. I really like the iphone and I will still use it but I think the ipod is going to be a better purchase for most.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these, and its a disaster. one day I plugged in a game i owned, and had to unplug it from the adapter to unload it on my computer to play. i just put it back in the charger. later when i tried to change a game, it came off the plug when i plugged it in again. that's my only two complaints with this product. theres no way in hell it would work to charge a game. the other con is it looks like a bad piece of junk, and i hate the colors. the best feature is it charges your devices fast.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Wake me up when the battery dies! I really need a power adapter. My old portable chargers are all the same. The newest one has a 2 Amp charger, and the charger was dying when I was using it for my laptop charger. It's very annoying. My new portable charger seems better, but it is still no where near the original one that came with my laptop! I have an iphone 5, and I do not need to use this portable charger at all. I am going to have to go through the trouble of replacing the charger myself. The other negative I have to mention is that it is pretty noisy when it is running. It might be the charger that is the problem. I also find it a little hard to use for a quick recharge. I usually leave the portable charger plugged in to charge my phone, and when I get back from work and need to charge the iphon, it takes a few hours to get the battery charged.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ This is the 2nd one I have purchased from this vendor. The first one was defective, and the first 2, 3 days I was trying to repair it. I found a small part that would not work. I was told it was a component with a broken housing. The next day I called and told them what I found out. They called me back about a week later to tell me what they did, and it was working perfectly. The unit was working fine for 3 days, and then started to fail on me. I called about 1 week later, and they said they are sending me another defective unit. I told them about the problems with the first one, and I just found out that it was not a component problem. So I asked about the 2 defective units. They said they have another one. I have never seen a more broken down company! The second one failed on me on the 2rd day, and took about 6 weeks to get it repaired, and even then it was defective.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 28, 2015  Good product, not sure if it's worth it  by Anonymous on 03/29/2015  Recommended  Pros: Quality Product  Cons: None  Review: I was very happy to find this product on Amazon. My old digital clock started to run slowly, and this clock keeps my time very accurate.   It's a little more expensive than a traditional clock (which I have since sold), but it's definitely worth it if you need a good digital clock for your room.  the price on this clock is definitely reasonable  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Monday, March 17, 2015   by on 03.13.2015 byon 03.133.2015  is this clock good?  Reviewer: Anonymous on 02.26.2015   Was it useful to you: Yes | No  Thanks for your feedback!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This product is crap. The only reason for me to have it is so that I can listen to music while I am traveling. I will be switching to something else.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about 6 months now and i just bought it to use with my old tablet which was a cheap android tablet, this thing doesnt work well with the android tablet and its pretty much impossible to use the touchscreen with it due to the poor quality of the touchscreen, the usb connection is so bad i cant plug it in at all, and the usb port and usb slot are on the same circuit board as the other ports on the device, this device is very cheap at $70 and yet it doesnt work and i cant find any replacements for it at all. if your gonna buy this item dont waste your time, it needs to be a lot more expensive then $70 to work at all on a decent android tablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   When i bought this device i was hoping that the audio quality would be much better than my iBook laptop. The thing is - it isnt. It sounds horrible. I use a computer with a decent headphone jack, but even with earbuds you can tell that the sound is crap. The sound is very distorted.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  This is a great deal, if you need a tablet for work or college.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking for a cheap e-cigarette for a while and this was my first attempt at making my own. ive tried all sorts of different flavours, and although most of them were pretty tasty, i was disappointed by this one. i really wanted to love it, but my first e-cig was a real hit, but i was not impressed with this one at all.  the taste is a mix of the cheap ejuice i had and the cheap plastic casing on the cigarette i have, which i can imagine is a cheap cigarette smell. its a good cheap ecig but i wish i had known this beforehand and if i did make this ecig my next buy.  The best e-Cigar I have ever purchased, this is my first time using it. The first flavor i tried and it was so good i ended up buying the flavor boost. If you're looking to buy a cheap electronic device, you need to buy this one, the flavor is the best.  in the same price range and the flavor was good as well.  a good smoke and vape  One of the Best! Love all the flavors and the price is great! Would definitely recommend!  Very poor The juice I got was like a cheap menthol cigarette I bought for my friend. The flavor was just okay. The cartomizer was dry and the coil was leaking. If i were to buy another one of these, I would return it for a refund. /5 Sooooo... I was skeptical about buying this vape because of all the negative reviews. I'm glad I did, I'm very happy with it. I did receive my order from China, but that's not a bad thing I suppose. All I did was go through a simple process and it shipped super fast. I also like the fact that I can choose what flavors I want to try. Very convenient for those who like to sample flavors or just to have a good variety. I wish they had an in stock option that would make it easy to order. The only thing I'm not so sure about is the battery life. This device runs out of batteries pretty fast. The battery on mine has a life span of 5 hours, I've tried it several times now. I would buy this vape again just because of how cheap it is. It has helped to get me through college because I just got a job. I will definitely recommend this juice.    Excellent! A perfect
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was the first computer that I bought.  It was a very good deal at $200. It was quite laggy in fact.  When I used to read the news at my job I noticed that I was very confused when someone would read the information out loud to me over the phone and there was no sound on the other end.  I also noticed that if I pressed the return key on the phone, the phone went right back to the home screen and I had to start again.  Since the phone was a lot slower I wanted to buy a new one. After reading several complaints on this site I finally bought this one.  The first thing I did was remove the batteries and put them in the case.  And the phone works just like it did the first day I bought it.  If you want a really fast phone that won't break the bank, then I would recommend the Motorola Xoom.  This was a really good deal for $200 but the phone is a lot better than that and you get a lot more than just speed.  But this is really not a bad phone.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The speaker was poor. The music just wasn't loud enough for my room. There was not even a hint of music when using a computer keyboard and mouse. The only way to use the speaker is to sit in a corner where it is directly in the line of sight of the speakers. My bedroom has lots of corners. I could not hear my music. I can not wait to get an improved product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had an old Dell computer for a year and a half that just kept breaking down, so I bought an iphone 5s (with a iphones backup battery) and a new ibook and now my computer works just fine. So iphonedgates is the right company for me.  Was this helpful? Yes No ( 0 / 0 )
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  A very poor quality product I bought this a few days ago. I didn't expect much from a cheap piece of junk but it was the worst  electronic device  I've ever used.  The volume knob was too close together and when I turned it a bit too much it cut off the input.  The only other reason I even had this thing was for using the built in speakers on the TV but I have since had to cut them out.  I'm really glad I never bought one but now that I have one I'll keep it for now and put up with the fact that it's the worst thing I've ever plugged in. Rated 1 out of 5 by James from Poor Quality I was very disappointed in this product. It was hard to set up on the computer and I had to return it. It's a cheap  device that sounds terrible.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was really excited to get the G10 screen protector for my G10 iPhone. The only thing is, it took about a week to get it. The screen was scratched and the back was scratched. It took me a week for a repair. The battery is dead. I'm really disappointed.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 18, 2010  Great, great protection!  by A Customer from Santa Rosa CA USA  Pros: Cheap, great product  Cons: None  Review: Works great for screen protection. I purchased two of these for my iPhone and iPod Touch. They are easy to remove and install.  it also works great on my tablet because you don't have to pry it off or try to snap off.  the only bad part is that mine was bent (by a child)  was very satisfied with it  it comes in a little tube with a little case.  as usual  the best  a little more material is needed but its still great  good stuff!  if you are worried about scratchy phones this is the answer  Works Great  You Will Need: a metal file (and a small one to remove the plastic cover)  the included cover  Steps:  1. Remove the cover.  The plastic cover on my screen is hard to pierce but the metal is easy to cut. ,2. Take the two tabs, one on top and one at the bottom and pry the cover away from the phone. This does take a little force, but can be done with a small pry bar tool. Be careful not to damage the screen. You can also pry down the corners as well. Make sure to prying over the black metal at the top.  (not pictured) (also see image above)  in order to protect the device, you should have the metal cover on the device for protection.  is the screen in your phone scratched and damaged? No need to buy another case.   Was This Review Helpful or Helpful? Yes No Monday, February 17, 2010 1:25 PM by mikko from CA USA   Review by: Paul G
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The screen was very yellow/black. There is no light in the viewing area and the screen is a bright yellow/white. The volume buttons and the power button are the same color. The cable from the light sensor to the monitor is very short and the connector to the power supply is a short one. If this is the only thing the screen will work for, then it is fine, but for my eyes this is a major drawback. I bought this monitor to replace my computer monitor and I want to use it for photo editing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ The sound quality of the samsung phone is terrible! It's like there is a hole in the headphone output and the volume is horrible. It is very difficult to use the phone with the headset connected as you need to be very careful and turn down your volume so you can hear the sound on your headphones. I was expecting a better product than what I got. _____________ I have the s7 and I LOVE my phone!!! it is great with the bluetooth headset I use it all the time! if you are not going to have the blu headset be aware! __________ I like my phone! I have a s7 but don't like the lack of sound quality. I do have a hdmi connection for my tv, and i like my music and movies loud! ______________________  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about zOOM+ Pro Gaming Headset with Built-In USB Audio & Mic with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike ProGaming Headset FAQ.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5, was not fast, the phone was very bad and very expensive to buy, and I don't know if i can use it at the moment as I had to pay over 150 dollars for repairs and service to it. i have tried it but it doesnt work at all. i am going to sell it. if i had a good phone in my hands, it would be more expensive, but this phone is a waste of money to use at all!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the most difficult and frustrating device ever made. Every time I have to set up the computer it requires me to re-download all the software. I am so frustrated that I have bought this thing five times. I could not figure out a way to stop it from making me wait for about five minutes for the computer to load. I ended up taking it to a repair shop but the repair guy told me I had to send it back. I can't understand how this device is worth this much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought the t10 back in october 2010. it was great at the time but after about a year its not worth it. it starts to get warm when you first turn it on. then it gets really warm, then hot. now its so hard to turn on. its just getting harder to turn off now that i have to hold down the power button before and after. i have been using this for over a year now. i can't afford to buy another one, its just too much money to spend on a piece of junk. i dont know if i should have kept the money or sold the product to someone else, but i would rather get a good value and use it again. so dont waste your money on this. i will be giving it away to my friends.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased the dongle last year with a different model name. I purchased it to be used to watch the BBC iPlayer on a tablet. Unfortunately, I found that the dildo is extremely thin, I can easily feel that it is plastic and extremely floppy.  I can't use it in the bathtub without it being bent like a piece of wood. The dildo comes apart in the middle and I can't even get it together with the other parts so I can keep it clean.    The best I can get it to do is vibrate, it will not stay on my dick. The first dildo I purchased, it would stick to the base and never came back. I have not seen this problem happen with this dildo.   Other than the dildos and the problems described, I would recommend this dongel to no one. If it were made to be made from metal, it could be a real keeper.   in my experience, the best electronic dildo was the Fleshlight Magic Wand. The vibrations on the FleshLight are the same as the sex toy I've used for years. But this dildo is so much more expensive. It's hard to justify this kind of luxury when this dud is so bad. I'm not sure I can recommend this product to anyone. If this duri was made from aluminum, it might be better. If made from solid metal it would be the best in the world.  in my opinion, this dai is a joke and in my own personal opinion is one of the worst dildoes I've ever used.  is it worth it? 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have this unit for a month and it is terrible. the usb charger is very slow and it never charges the device. i have had to wait 30 minutes to a half hour just to get the charge. the unit will not hold a charge.   the battery is really not very good and i dont recommend it. its a shame that a good product wont last as long as it should.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 20, 2017  by Paul from Austin TX USA  Pros: Small size and great looks  Cons: no instructions on charger  Review: I was a little skeptical about buying the eVolt, but I have to say, I really like it. It fits easily in my back pocket, and it's very simple to use. The unit is small enough to be hidden in my bag without anyone knowing, but it's also big enough to hold a cell phone. I do wish it came with instructions, though. .  the charger is slow  it takes 20 minutes to get a full charge.  a better charger would have come with instructions   Was it helpful to you to report this review? Yes  Great!  A Good Value  from Michael C from USA  "This is an awesome charger. It charges the batteries perfectly."  I was hesitant to buy an e-cigarette charging station, but after reading the reviews I figured I'd give it a try. The eVinci charger is small and compact enough to fit inside the pockets of my pants without being seen. I bought the blue version (you can choose from red, green, or white) and am very pleased with it. The charger is fast. The only downside is that the instructions for inserting the batteries are very difficult to follow. But with some help from YouTube videos, it is possible to figure out how to insert the batteries in the charger.  with the exception of the instructions     i am glad that I bought this product. the only negative about the unit is the lack of instructions. it would be nice to see some kind of instructions for installing the batteries with the charger but I will deal with this later.  on to the good part.  that charger is a great buy.  .  (1 month after purchase).  This is my second eVintron charger , and both have been great. 'till i bought another
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a lot of problems with the sony p4, first its bad sound, second it is unstable to play music, then it is really difficult to connect to usb devices, third it cant control the computer properly. ive read about the ps3 playing music flawlessly on the computer, i bought the ps4 hoping for similar things, its not possible with the ps1. _________________  Selling: Sony Computer Entertainment PS1 System with DVD and CD Burner  Newest: Sony PS4 with DualShock 4  Price: $400.00 (for the system, ps1 controller, cd drive, cd changer, and ps2 controller)  Website: http://www.mikroz.com  Member since: Jan 2010  Location: Chicago, Illinois, USA  Audio system: Sennheiser HD650 and Senn HD 598 Studio Headphones  Warranty: 2 year  I have been looking for a p4 to replace my current PC. This is my first ps1, but i am not sure how to go about it with the new pc, i can't play ps1 with the pc because the sound is so bad, i use my ps2 on my ps1 and it is fine.   The computer that came with the p4 was not compatible. I went to a different computer store but they didnt have the pc, i took it back. I picked up this pc for $250 and now my p4 cant do anything.  Also i dont have a cd burner.  .  in summary the ps2 system is better and has the usb support, and its more flexible then the pc, but this is not an ideal ps1 pc replacement.   of course i am just trying to get a ps1 to work with the PC. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It took me a while to figure out that the switch was very loud when the batteries were not working. I would never recommend this product to a friend, but it is a great deal. It does work when it should and should be working, but I would not buy it again. Review:    I ordered this unit for a project and I am so glad I did. It is perfect for my needs. I am not a huge fan of the digital timer. However, this is a small, quiet clock with a lot of functions. It was extremely easy to set up and setup is as simple as it can get. This product is perfect.  I like the fact that it doesn't give an exact time like a digital timer and that you can set it so that it has a different time depending on when you turn it off and on.  This unit is a very simple product to use and is a dream come true for someone like me who likes to have this kind of timer on the watch or a cell phone.  For me this is perfect, the way I want it, the right size, the perfect time display.  There is a downside to this product, its battery life is horrible. I was able to get a 30 min timer for 2 days with a full charge, but with a depleted battery it goes down in 30 min. I wish I could find another model that does not have this battery drain.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------I bought a brand new XO One. I was hoping to find a great quality electronic device. I did not find one. The screen is terrible. The quality of the touch screen is also not good. If I were to buy a new Xo One, I would go with the XO2. It has a better touch screen, better sound, and a backlight. The XO1 was a nice piece of equipment.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is one of the worst  things I have ever purchased.  The only reason I even bought it was because it looked very nice and sounded really good.    The first thing I noticed is that it takes so long to play.  I have the new wireless   that works much faster but it still takes me 2-3 minutes to play each time.  If you are in a hurry   you will probably get frustrated.  The only thing is if you have one of those cheap   earbuds you will need to have some earplugs.  I tried them out on my phone but it worked fine for a few days.  You can find this item  at Amazon Here P.S.  My brother bought a similar thing for $60.00 I wish I had taken the time to research this before I bought this thing.  It doesn't even play back audio.  This is really cheap to be honest. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I've owned this device for about a year, and it still has bugs in it that I can not live with. Most of these bugs are due to the fact that it's so small that I couldn't use it with a keyboard. It is extremely sensitive to vibrations in your hand, which can cause it to vibrate wildly and/or get stuck. I've tried a couple of different mice, but none of them work with this. The mouse wheel is also very sensitive to your hand movement, and the scroll wheel is useless as well. The problem with this device is that it only allows the use of one mouse. This means that I have to move the mouse around a lot, which is awkward to do if you have a small hand. When using it with the computer, the computer has to be positioned as far away from your hand as possible to not vibrate the device so bad. The microphone is very bad. It doesn't pick up a whole lot of noise, but it picks up a lot of wind noise, which isn't ideal. The battery is not removable. You have to plug it in before it will even turn off. It works if you take it out of the box and plug it back in. The device will stay on but it won't work until you plug it into the computer. The product itself is pretty cheap, but I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while now, but when i get it in my hand its so stiff that its hard to type on and get the letter/s in the correct position. i dont want to buy it again as theres not enough feedback to know if its worth the $600 to get it working properly!  The best keyboard  By Chris in Chicago, IL on Friday, October 26, 2017  I have a mechanical keyboard that i ordered off of another website because i wanted a cheaper alternative to the big brand keyboards, and since it was on sale i was able to get one of these as well. It is amazing, the keys are very smooth, and its just as fast as my other mechanical keyboard. The only bad thing is that it doesnt have the numpad, and it is hard to use it without one.  Excellent Keyboards  At first, i was a little skeptical because of the name "Gateron." It didn't look like a mechanical. I was hoping it was mechanical but it didn't feel like a normal mechanical. But, after trying it out and writing about it, i have changed my mind. This keyboard is amazing. If you're looking for a mechanical with a solid feel and light keys, this is it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a macbook pro for over a year now and i had to return it, the macbook had so much failure issues and i couldnt recommend it. this model of laptop is not worth your time or money. it should be a waste of time, money and effort to buy this item at all. and i know there are people who buy it for the price but that is a complete waste of money. so if youre buying this for a good price get a new one. dont waste your money with this one. i would give this a 1 if it could fit my macbook. this isnt worth the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased the ebike with the hub motor and hub motor upgrade kit. The hub motor is not powerful at all for the size of the bike. I can't ride it fast enough to be used as a daily driver. It is very heavy and the motor can barely move it forward even in the most heavy traffic. It should be able to do 50mpw with this kind of hub motor. The pedal assist is also horrible, it can only help the bike go uphill. I would have preferred a non-piston hub motor with more torque for the same weight.   If you plan to buy the hub motors you have to look at the pedal assist feature and how it works. This motor needs some sort of pedal assist. It has 2 buttons that you can turn on or off, if it works it works fine, if not it doesn't work at all. It seems to be off most of the time.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    Bought one of these to help my son who suffers from seizures. It was extremely slow and had constant problems. I tried many times to get it to work and it always refused. After a while of it not working I decided to return it. It is not worth the money for what it is. I would not recommend this unit and I will not purchase another one.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This item is a poor performer and not worth buying or using. I'm sorry for the long review but in the end I had to toss the unit. I purchased this to replace an old wireless camera and a hard drive but it had some serious problems. I have a 4k tv connected and an old Sony camcorder on HDMI that uses my wireless keyboard. The first problem I ran into was the screen would not sync with my TV. I figured it was the video source not the TV. That was the case until I turned off the camcorders HDMI inputs to see if that would solve the problem. The camcordas HDMI input remained turned off and the TV did sync with the tv screen. The other problem is a slight color shift over some images but again not really noticeable. I then figured it might have been the WiFi not being on. Then I tried my keyboard with my wireless mouse on it. The mouse was a bit more responsive and I was able to scroll around some web pages. But the keyboard still had a slight delay on keypress and no matter how many times I changed the wireless network it didn't seem to get better. I would never use this for my primary video source as it is not a good product in any category.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the nintendo 64 since its release, i love it but its just... really slow. every few months, when my gpu is dying, its impossible to play games that have been updated for it. it's like a year between a game getting new code and it running it. i know it has to do with the way the n64's code is, but this is just... ive used to computers that have no problems running games. this is frustrating, and i dont know what i will do if i have to get the nes, or gba next year for that matter... this is bad! and this thing is on sale! so it looks like im going to have to buy a whole new computer just to be able to play this thing.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    "I wish this device wasnt an ios device as i cant play games like mario, smash bros, yoshi's, ect. the controls on it dont really make it any better."   I wish we had something like this to play my favorite android games at my friend's house!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I received a broken i-pad from the post office. The screen was completely covered in black goo. This was the second one i had bought the second i-Pad was broken within 10 days of purchase. When i contacted the customer service i was told it will be out of warranty and replaced. I received a brand new i-padd for my money. This i- Pad is worthless and i cannot recommend this company or its products.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, October 12, 2011  iPad 2x  by Steve from Huntington, WV USA  Pros: Good price and good quality  Cons: no wifi  Review: I ordered two of these and I am very happy with the two that I have purchased. I wish it were easier to find the right size on a tablet that works with both my old and new computers. It has worked with both and seems to be very stable. I also love the fact that you can have the screen be the size of a phone while still using the size and weight of a tablet.  a little larger battery, a faster CPU, an SD card slot... but is that really a big difference? I think so.  "The Apple Pencil is an amazing tool for artists. Its very versatile, especially when used in conjunction with other tools. It's such a great companion to the iPad Pro. I can't wait for Apple to release new products to take advantage of the additional capabilities of the Apple Penboard. This is a great tool to help you get started."  -Kirkus Reviews  Overall: Quality: Price: Pet Approval:  It's been my pleasure to deal with this company for over 2 years, the quality of their service has been excellent. I've purchased many different models and all have been very solid and I'm very happy to own a quality product from them. .  (Not a review)  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 2 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  in New York City  4  Reviewed by:fromNew York City
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really wish I had bought this when I got my ipad. It just didnt work out that well. I thought I had a deal.  I bought 2 of these to add to my ipads. I plugged them in and set them up and all of a sudden it would not work on the ipad for some reason. I went to the Apple Store and they told me to email the ipod and they would be sending me a new one. I am really disappointed in this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only reason this is 2 stars instead of 5 or 6 is because of the battery life. It is not even that good to be honest. It seems to charge when my phone does, and it goes from empty to full in about 3 hours. But the battery last a little over 3 days without charge or any charging on it. And the best part is that it is a really good device for the price and its a really cheap way to get an android tablet with an LCD screen.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************* The battery life of the camera is very short. I have used it for 6 hours now and have already drained half the battery. It works fine if I take pictures and send them to my email but the battery is empty. I bought this camera because of the good reviews on amazon but I don't think it's worth the money.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I just bought the 3D2L and I was very skeptical of the sound. The first thing I tried was the mic that came with the device. It was a very bad mic. It didn't have any dynamic range, which is very important for video sound, so that's why I switched to a mic that's much better for voice and video. However, the video was so bad that my wife couldn't hear me very well and she was not able to talk to me at all during the movie, which was very frustrating. I just couldn't believe that this camera was so worthless! I did not recommend this product because of the poor sound quality. I also have the 1D2D and it's an amazing camera. The camera is very lightweight and has a very nice lens that allows you to shoot from a very far distance. My only complaint about this camera is that you can't turn it on with your keychain. --------------- Overall, the camera is great. I use it mainly for my personal videos as well as my business videos. I am very happy with it. I have a video camera at work which is not as good and also doesn't work very well. The only complaint I have is that the battery lasts only about 6 hours of continuous recording, which sucks. I would like to see the battery life improved for this product. But, if you're looking for a very good camera, get this one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for over a year and still not one charge. i keep asking the same questions. what is wrong with it? it isnt a moto g2 is it? does it need to be charged? theres no phone service in my area but i dont care. if i ever have to use it again theres going to be a lot of extra effort for a phone that i already paid for. i paid for my moto m, a better phone. i would of never paid so much for a useless useless phone.   PROS: Good Camera, Good battery life, Very good display, good build quality, very well designed.   for the price you can't go wrong.   the only thing that bothers me is the speaker is not in the same position as the screen. the speaker has to be on the opposite side of the screen in order for it to be audible. but this isnt enough of a problem to not buy it.  :)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a lot of problems with this. In the beginning, there was no problem. Then it stopped working. When I returned the device, I noticed the battery did not work and I had to put it together again because the batteries were not soldered correctly. When it was working properly again, it stopped again. I am glad I tried this product, but I can not recommend it!  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from works well I wanted to buy a wireless router so I could have a wired network without the internet connection. I found this product on the internet and was very intrigued. I did not buy a router until I bought this device. I had the best experience with the app. I have not had any problems so far. The first time I had it working was just fine, but after awhile it stopped. Then the screen came up saying it needs to be recharged, but it kept working. If you are going to have this device, make sure you buy it with the right charger. That is all, have a good day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- After about 6 weeks of using my Sony iMp3 i bought a Sony iM5 the second iMp5. The Sony iMP3 is fantastic. I use it to transfer data and videos. So far, my experience with the Sony i mp3 has been great. The iMp4 is just not that good. It's just not worth it. I will be looking for another Sony i mp4.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This device is a failure. It can not even charge it's own battery. I had to purchase a new battery and use it for about 3 days of the same thing. I tried to take the usb out of it and the screen would flash and go blank. The device has a huge backlight and a huge red light that lights up and then it goes blank. It doesn't seem to be able to charge up and goes blank even though I have a full charge. I will be sending it back.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mikel from Works perfectly after being in my bag for 6 months! This charger works perfectly after sitting in my backpack for 6+ months. It charged it and it works fine. It's a bit heavy but it works!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!!!!!!  I had heard some good things about these but when I went to try them out, I had to return the one I received because of an audible click in the mic, this is a HUGE issue that needs to be corrected!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this watch and i really like it, however after two weeks of using it, i found that the screen has started to crack and i now have to pay out an emergency fee because the screen is covered in cracks and has started peeling away. it took them about 6 months to get this watch manufactured so i wouldnt recommend this purchase 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If I ever needed this app for a job that requires this app, I would just buy a new one. That's the problem I have with it. If you are like me and it's a cheap device to get, there is nothing wrong with it, but if you are a professional like myself and need an app to help you, there should be something wrong. If I didn't have an old android phone that would be my one.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device that's only half-assed:  The only reason I am even typing this review is because I want to make it clear that this device is really great and it is only halfassed. , this is a fantastic app to use for anything with a screen, especially an electronic device. My only problem is that it is very expensive, and it doesn't come with the most up to date information, as some other reviews have stated. I would like to see a better interface on it, as well as the ability to save your settings. The only thing I can say, is that the app is still usable in that sense. The developers need to spend more time working on this project.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a g2 for over 5 years and the battery is failing very soon. I have replaced it several times but they always die before I get to 5, so i was hoping that with the current model the battery would last forever. ive been buying from different sites but to no avail. it also has a built in speaker so its not like it's useless. just really sucks.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:      If you can afford the money, get a cheapo Chinese or Asian.  If not, then get a real professional brand.  with more money, you can get the best.  and the worst will cost more  but the best will be worth the money  And the worst is more than worth it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used a pd650 (v3) for 4 years and it is the worst bluetooth keyboard that ive ever used. its got some issues like when i press keys it does nothing and when i touch the keys it goes back to the default screen. the keys on it just wont work at all. it has a built in bluetooth mouse also, so you would have to buy that as well if you wanted it but i had my doubts when i first got it and was worried when i got it that maybe its the bluetooth part that was the problem. its a total waste of money. just get an ergo or something. this one is junk.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This isn't an awesome speaker.  The sound quality is very average (not as good as the Beats) and I don't like the fact that I can't control the volume.    I could only manage to turn down the volume on my phone and I couldn't even get it on the sound of my headphones.  This isn 't a bad unit, but it isn't a great unit either, it's not a good value.      Pros:   High quality sound, no volume control, works with any smart phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a really great set, but it is not ideal to use it with a desktop computer because you need the screen to be tilted upwards to read.  It would also be easier if there was an HDMI cable that went from the device to the computer.   Nice set! - August 17, 2012 - August17,2012 Anonymous Reviewed By: I was looking for an E-reader for my X-mas gift. I'm happy that I found these. My kids have to go through the whole books and I have to read through them as well. This is the second E-readers that I have purchased. The first one lasted for a few years before we decided that the screen gets hot so we are buying a new one.  Fits perfectly! - February 9, 2012 the reader fit great and the colors look good.  in addition, the device's back panel can also be used as a stand, which makes it much easier to read in bed and on the sofa  A Little Small - January 18, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first and probably last time I'll purchase a product from B&H. The cable for my B&K Pro-1 was extremely flimsy and the sound quality was terrible. If I buy another B&W product I will purchase this cable as well.  It works but not great I have to admit I was a little shocked at the quality of this cable for the price. At the end of the day it did what it was supposed to do, provide the music to my Macbook Pro. It works good. The signal is clean, and the noise floor is well controlled. What makes this cable a little disappointing is the input impedance is 1.8 ohms. It is not the lowest I have ever seen, but if you can imagine your Macbook pro and an analog speaker with a 1.5 ohm input that you want to drive with a headphone jack. It wouldn't work.  I like that it can send to both Macbook Pros and a computer, and it has a "digital" mode that can be useful for transferring files to my computer. What the digital mode does is it sends the signal to both of those devices, but sends the digital signal from the Macbook to the computer so it can process it faster. So if I have a Macbook on the other computer, I can do things like copy audio files over to the Mac. The only problem with the digital is the signal does not come back to the audio out jacks. You have to either turn the "Digital" off or send a 2nd audio cable to the device that you need to receive the signal back. This would be nice if I only use the audio cable for one device or need the digital only for a specific application but I still use it for most of my use of my Mac. Other than that it does what it's supposed to. I purchased this cable to convert a Mac's output from a high-quality 3.5mm to a much lower impedance signal. I bought the 6 ft cable to extend the signal (with no audio loss) to my desktop computer (Mac mini). The cable works well, and works well when sending the high-res data from my desktop to my laptop's built-in headphone jack (to send it as digital) or connecting it via a digital audio interface to a sound card. The audio out does work, and seems to be reasonably clean, though it does not seem to send a pure digital signal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This thing is a monster. I use my phone to watch tv, listen to music, play games, etc., and it has been a pain to connect the phone to it. I've tried this many times, the first time was because my old phone wasn't working at all with the bluetooth. The second time was due to the case, the case had an insulator on the back of the phone, so my old case was not able to fit and it was also difficult to connect. The third time I tried was because the bluetube would not work due to interference. The fourth time I used bluetubes it failed in the same way as the last time. It didn't take me long to decide to try this thing, its much easier and a lot more cost effective. This thing is definitely a very nice product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about a year now and i can say that i'm very dissapointed with it. the usb port is so flimsy. it doesn't fit well into my laptop and the port doesnt do a great job of charging. i'm using an apple device that has an ethernet port that i plug into the adapter and it charges great. i also use an apple TV and i had to spend time buying a new ethernet cable to plug the apple TV into. also, there is no bluetooth, only wifi. and it's the cheapest usb charger on the market. the best thing is that the phone cable isnt as bad as the usb cable so i can use the usb charger with my iphone 5.  by: Andrew W on 03/08/2014  Value: Price:  My review: i use this for charging my ips phone when i'm on the go. , the usb charging port is pretty good. i can plug it into my ipad 5.5 and it can charge. and the usb plug itself is pretty sturdy. but, i'm not sure about the USB cable itself, it's pretty flimsy, i feel it gets in the way when using it with my ipod 5. But, for the price, it is a great deal.  that said, i wish this device came with it's own usb cable and i could charge it without having to buy one for each device.   i got this because i was replacing my phone charger and i needed something that was smaller and cheaper. this charger fits the bill.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been a long time reader of CTC. I've owned the CTC since December 2000, it was my first monitor.  It's always been a reliable device.  The problem I had is not with the device itself.  I've been using the monitor all these years and it's fine, but it's a bit flaky at the end of the day.    It seems to be a problem with my system. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this because I needed to hook up a new receiver but it would not recognize my receiver so i was forced to replace it. It would connect to the receiver and play the sound but it wouldn't change channels and would not answer the radio. I bought a new set of speakers but I'm so disappointed in the speakers. I don't know what they did but they don't sound good, especially during music. They make my TV sound great and I feel I was ripped off for my hard earned money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the gt10 for over a month now. after about 1 month of playing it (which has been pretty good) it started to quit working for no apparent reason. i tried a lot of things from replacing the screen and everything else to nothing. it was the only phone i owned with a 3g connection so i was hoping for a quick fix... but no. i called tech support and they gave me a call saying it would get fixed by next monday. today is the 7th. and i got a message on my phone that says it might not be fixed until the 14th. which means i'm on the 16th day with no fix at all. im very upset at this company... this is probably the most expensive and high tech device i have ever owned. i paid for it to be fixed by samsung. i also paid the tax and if you dont like that, then why dont you just go somewhere else to get a better brand. but i will be looking for a new device... if it has a great battery and the sound quality is better. but that would be more money...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the z3 for over a year now i just broke it today i'm a software engineer who used to work in web design/programming and i was using the z1 for my home office and my wife wanted one and wanted one that was a bit larger. the z2 was the only one that seemed to work well in my limited testing. i tried the z6 a couple times with very good results. i also tried the y5 and i found it a bit cumbersome for home office use and it doesnt really feel as solid as the y6. i've used this phone for years and it has been on me a lot and i have no complaints about its durability whatsoever. ive purchased this phone in the past for my work but i found that the z5 is a lot better with its metal frame. the other phones seem to be very light but the z4 is solid. i dont know if there was a recall and that would make me happy but since i have had the phone a year and it still works its an excellent phone if you are in the market for a big screen and very heavy duty build quality, i really enjoy using this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s with apple watch  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good value I bought this as a replacement for a 3 year old macbook pro that had started to fail. With this i'm able to use a smart phone and watch videos from my phone and the tv with out any issues. I will keep this one, as it does a good job  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my new nintendo new for about 6 months and i must say im so disappointed with this system. The system works great with the new controllers and its not laggy at all but the graphics is horrible. I've always had an nintendo but never a new one so when i picked this up i thought ill just stick with my old one but noooo that's not going to happen. Its like they didnt care about nintendo fans. My favorite game on the system is zelda and there is no lag in this new one. The graphics are horrible and I had to downgrade my graphics. I can't play zelda with the system either. The new nintendons always laggy with my wii. I thought Nintendo was supposed to know what they are doing but this is ridiculous. Nintendo made a huge mistake with this new system and they cannt make it better. I will never buy another new ninan again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's a cool idea, but I'm disappointed in its performance.   The only reason I got it is I'm going to use it on my   iMac, which is not a very powerful machine.  Also, the screen seems to be a lot brighter than I expected.  It would be nice if I could turn off all the screen when I'm not using it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have been using the HP laptop for 2 years now. It is great. But now the battery has died. I have to get a new one. It was a very easy replacement. I do not understand why the warranty would not cover something that has a dead battery. When it is so easy to replace a computer...it seems like the warranty should be expanded to cover it. The Dell  - The HP is great! But the Dell has so many issues. A good replacement for the old HP laptop that has become a joke. But...the warranty should not be this hard to get, because if it is, why would anyone buy it... It makes me feel as if Dell is hiding a big secret... The  HP and Dell are just two companies in a market with hundreds of others. The Dell is a big company that is afraid to change...they are not afraid to screw up... They just want to make a lot of money off people like you... They don't care about you... they just want you to buy their products. And they want to hide it, in the name of "protection". So, buy the HP... you get a much better warranty.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This product just works better with a Bluetooth and keyboard (no need to plug in to your laptop) I was skeptical of it before but i'm sold.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of hifiman hf410's. I had them for a while before the earbud adapter started going bad (not a defect in quality but rather an electronics defect). At first i wasnt sure if this is bad because of the adapters, but the hifi wasnt good either. I would rather keep them but i can't justify the expense of keeping them as i really dont want to be spending this much money on a pair. if i ever had to sell them i would buy a pair of the hf360's for a good price. so yea, maybe they are good, but i wish i had used them earlier.   This is the only thing that could make these headphones better, but if i were to buy a new set (probably with a better adapter) it wouldnt be a big deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is ok, but the battery is low and will drain to 1/3rd and then shut off completely. The charger will charge the battery but it can't go any higher than 10%.  I've been using my KA-BAR 2 for 3 months now and so far I am very satisfied. I only wish that it lasted longer than 3 months.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the first android smart phone I have ever purchased and the price was too good to be true. I purchased the LG G6 to use as my primary phone.  This phone is not smart and I think it could not even be used to send and receive texts or calls.  The only reason I am still keeping it is because it is the only phone I can use with my carrier to send/receive texts and make/receieve calls. I just wish the LG was a better phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first time I used this device (about 6 months ago) I was excited to get the i-Blast 4. This is an interesting device. I have it plugged into my TV, and the box doesn't have a USB hub to connect to. This means if I want to connect this device to the computer, I have to connect a computer to it.   A good thing is that it is powered by the TV itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really wanted this unit to be the real deal, it was not, it had problems when i plugged in to my laptop (windows 7) and my wifi was bad, i also got the battery problems and the remote was useless, it would not work. i ended up buying the cheap model. i can't imagine why they sell it if it is so bad    Did you find this helpful? 5 of 4 Found Helpful  M.H.  5  Reviewed by:from. on 5/16/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The camera is not very good. The pictures are very blurred.  I like this camera and use it all the time. It takes good pictures  Thank you for a great product I love my camera  This camera does the job but I like the idea of it and how it was packaged.  and I can not see a reason to not get it for this price I highly recommend  Works as intended and looks like it will be great for what I need it for.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my sony mxs3 for over a year now ive never once had any problems with it ive done everything ive been told to do with it and ive still had problems ive tried all the fixes and have gone to the shop and got nothing fixed  ive got a sony usb charger and   the usb cable has a bunch of wires that run into it   im guessing its because there isnt enough space to install a usb drive    its supposed to have a built in memory card   all this hassle and  i still have to carry around a usb stick everywhere    Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Best USB Cable Ever This is a great quality USB cable and it works perfectly with my android devices.  Product Rating: 5 out Of 5-Stars.  "great and convenient USB"  "great for connecting external storage devices"  the USB is very good.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been in the market for a portable audio recorder for some time. i tried the sennheiser mx1000 and ive found it lacking in quality and the sound quality is too distorted in the highs and the mids. the mx2000 has the sound qualities that i am looking for. i am very pleased with the sound.   My only complaint is the battery life. It last about 6 hours in playback mode. It does not have the high quality sound quality of the sx1000 which is the reason it lasted much longer.  :)   Also, i do not understand why the m4 has the "pro" setting. its very annoying. and you cant adjust the volume on the m6. why doesnt the pro mode have that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased the P-7D as a gift for a student and had to return it immediately. I have a Sony A6000 and use the A6000 for recording and editing, the P7D for video. The P7-D works just as well, the picture is clearer, less noise and is much quieter. I also have a Canon SX720 that I use for video and photo stills and the P9-S for video, so I was hoping the P8D would do better. Unfortunately it is not capable of producing a quality picture. I will no longer use the P6D as I do not plan to buy anything else from the company.  Rated 5 out of 5 by mikeyw from Great price. Great product I used it for the first time today with my new Pentax KP (a new Canon 1Ds MKII). I was impressed with the results I got on my 1D Mark III. I'm a wedding photographer so that's my camera. The lens is very sharp, the size is perfect, very compact, and the colors were great. I don't plan to upgrade as my current Canon and Nikon equipment still does very well. ,  I highly recommend this lens. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this several times, but after one failed attempt to get it to work, i have had to go through the process of returning it and spending time getting it to working again. i tried several times with no luck and i was forced to give up. now, i will continue to purchase this product, as i have been happy with it in the past. but with this failure, i wont. it's like being sold a junker and then they keep on using it! i am very disappointed and disgusted that they are using this product as a means of advertising and marketing! i hope this company changes this marketing ploy and tries to make products and services better.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used the bluetooth to stream video from my Android phone.  It worked well until it started to get low battery life.   Then it stopped working.  This is why I'm giving this  the 3 star because it is a piece of junk.  There is a very good possibility the battery will die in the next couple of years. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought it for my wife but it was not that good. After 2 months, it stopped working. I had to buy an upgrade for it. It took me 2 weeks to replace that part, the problem is still there.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________   I bought this device because I wanted to have a portable mp3 player on my desk and this is perfect. But I would not buy it again. I plugged it in when it was time to work in the office and it would not work at all. It would not play anything at all, not even mp3s or movies. I tried turning it off and on but still it would say "No signal". I did not want to buy another one so I called the company. They could not find any issue with it so they just sent me a replacement and charged me a new device fee. I would never buy this again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The product i ordered from u are so bad.The product is very good when it came,but it is not worth to buy it.it is not even good when i was using it for a while.the charger is very bad,and its is not charging to fast enough.and if i dont do anything,the charger wont even turn off.and i am very dissatisfied with the product.i just want to go buy something else,because i do not like it.i would love to give it 1 star but i cant find it in the market.i am very sad.the product is not good.  Rated 1 out of 5 by mnemom from poor battery life and poor performance for the price. This is my first ever battery operated computer. I'm very disappointed with this purchase. I had a small case for my computer with a USB charger. This battery is just too small and the USB port is bad. So to charge my laptop, I had to plug it into an outlet and let the power drain on it. The battery was dead after about 4 hours of use. That's not great when you're spending $500 for a computer with this kind of battery. . If you're going to spend $500 on a computer, at least do it right.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this product for a friend and he was not impressed at all. He would only put in his phone to check a few messages for him and that was about it. I would say it is a no brainer for the $ and then if they could make the battery last 2 weeks to 2 months...the money that went into this product would not have been wasted!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace my old Samsung flip phone. I was impressed by its weight and size so i bought one for my daughter and the boys.   Unfortunately, it was a flop. I would use the flip as a cell phone but could never get it to charge. It also had a weird light in it and would never turn off. It was so annoying that I got rid of it.   The only reason I gave it a 3-star was because of its price. I paid less than 10$ for it. I also didn't like the design. If i had known how much it was going to cost me I would have bought something that was smaller and better-looking.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    They never work as they should   The LCD display will have the power on at any moment and will drain the battery and the charging port will be broken every time we use it.   Bought 2 and they are just sitting on the shelf in the box. I know we can do better.  What could have been great if it worked:       Great value for a great price  No screen on the back of the device:   I got the item at my place of business and when I went to charge it, it had a blank screen on it. So, I had to send it back to EBay and the customer service at EBay refused to credit my card for the value of my item, instead I had 2 problems, First my item had an LCD screen on front. I tried several times to call the customer care and they never answered the phone. Then I went and checked the shipping date on the item and it was not there in the shipping box. So I had this issue, that's why I returned it, no one at my store ever answered the call. This is the 2nd time I have had this problem  This item is junk:   I'm sure there are a lot of buyers that will disagree, but after reading the comments on this page, I decided to buy another one. The second one, this time, it worked right out of the box after a couple weeks of use. Unfortunately, the first one died about a month after I got it, and I don't think there is a problem with the other one. If you want a "great" value for the money, I would not buy this product. I've already given my money to a company that's better at service. I don't know how I got this bad rap. This is an electronic device that should work as advertised. There are lots of different reviews out there. The only complaint I have with this product is that it has no screen. That's my only real complaint and it is something I don' need. I have a lot better things to do with my time than pay for a screen. You can't go wrong with this unit for $20.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's just a crappy piece of junk, the button to turn the screen off doesn't work and the buttons on the back are made of plastic.   I don't know why I even bought this thing, it's just not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for less than a month. it took it apart and it was like the top blew out the bottom on it. It still works and looks great but the case needs to be updated to fit into the new case. it's no bigger than a mini-phone which was never a concern when I bought it. ive replaced the battery and wired it into my computer. i would recommend this if you have a small computer like me, or dont mind the case being smaller. the case only came in red. its not the perfect case and it needs updating.  Rated 5 out of 5 by jjmw21 from This little thing is amazing! I got this about 2 months ago and it works great for my computer! The best part is the battery life!!! I was using my older mouse and keyboard so my mouse started to flake out so i bought the new one and the battery lasted me about 3 months of light use. The new mouse worked so well that it got me back in the gaming business!  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of years and it doesn't last more then 3-4 weeks and the battery is going flat on me. This isn't the only thing. If you get it get it cheap.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product has many problems. First it is impossible to make it charge with out having the batteries disconnected and put in the other side of the charger. I was using the batteries but they are not a good quality and not very strong. The second problem is when charging this product it only charges with USB 2.0 not USB 3.0. The third and most serious problem is that the battery will go dead after 2 days of constant use because the charger has to change to use only USB 3 power. The worst part is the charger is not charged when disconnected so I have to find some way to keep it connected to keep the battery charged. I have tried the cable on and off with no luck.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the xtc for about 1 year. Theres no way it can be used as a portable and its not even portable enough for that. I wouldnt be surprised if the manufacturer just decided to move the product over to another company and that would be the end of it.  Style of Music: New Wave & Experimental  Looks: Nice   Quality: Average  Performance: Not Great   Price/Value: Not Worth the Money   Overall: I purchased these because they were the most cost effective to use for my needs. I used them to record guitar and synth tracks. My main use has been to use the iRig to control my iStick. I can only speak from my own experience. The quality is sub par. The iRigs are cheap looking devices that are made of inferior materials. These are junk.   Now for the pros. The xtcs do a great job of providing sound. I am able to record from my iRIG's into my laptop directly onto my computer via usb port, which saves me a bunch of time and allows me to use my istick's control pad instead of my laptop. I could not be more pleased with the sound quality.   is also a very easy device to use. The buttons and controls are easy to reach. I also love that you can use the ics to turn up and down the volume, mute, play a note on the keyboard, and mute the ixtc. I find it a nice feature to be able to use one device to control both my iMac and my istick.  the usb port is a plus. you can put a phone on the mic port and the phone will be able control the ixc with your ipod/iphone. , and it has some nice built in effects. . I have an amazon prime account, and the price is awesome. The only thing that is a little disappointing is that there are only 5 iRigg's. if you want to buy a bunch you will have to buy at least 100 of them  Great device, a little loud but if you use a good amp it won't bother you  Nice sound. Just wish there were more  Sound Quality: 4   Build Quality: 3   Functionality: 3  Usefulness: 4  Price: 4.6   Ease of Use: 3.5   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for almost a year and the audio is great except for 2 very bad bugs where the volume is completely off. i can only get about 30 - 40%. i have been using it with a computer and it is just great. i just got another one and cant wait to put it to use again!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been on the phone with this phone for 3 days, and it keeps getting weaker and weaker, until it dies! i'm so very disappointed.  Good: This phone is a good all around phone. The camera has a few more settings than my android phone, but that can be easily solved with the android software. The sound quality is great. If you use a headset, you will be fine, as the headset has the same level of quality as the phone.  (Verified Buyer)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's fine. But, it's nothing special. The sound was fine until the batteries got low and then the sound would stop.   I was disappointed. I have a Yamaha R3 and an Ampera 5 and I can't think of anything on either that I'd rather have for less. I'd give it 5 stars, but then I'd have to have to listen to the Yamaha in real life to know it isn't the sound. I could probably live without the sound, but for the $50, I'd prefer to have it.  , June 29, 2009
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I received a wireless headphone that was defective and the headphones could not be returned because I had not used the headphone. I called tech support and they recommended to get another model. I gave the new model to my brother who also does not like the defective headphone. The new model does not work. I now have to use a regular headphone on my computer as well as my phone.  Product Support  Phone Support  a must for any consumer:  iPhones, iPhones, iPod Touches (all models, including iPod nano/i, iphone 5/ipad 1/2, ipad mini/2), iPod Classic/Retina, Nexus 7, Nexus 4, HTC ONE, iPhone 4S, Nexus 5, Galaxy S3, Samsung Note 3, Samsung Galaxy S4, and others)  Samsung and Sony devices that use micro-USB to charge (Samsung Galaxy S2, Sony Z2, HTC One M8, LG G2, Nexus One, Nexus S, Sony Xperia Z, LG Optimus G, Xperia Z1, and other devices that charge using the micro-usb port) The best support for your product from the phone company: . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________________________________________ I've had this for a week and am thoroughly disappointed. I paid $30 for it and got a box that wasn't even opened and the power cord. Now I can't charge my phone anywhere! I thought that was the worst part, but that's only the beginning. The thing has two outlets, but there's no power cord and the other outlet is on top of the screen! It has two ports but no power to them. I had to put a cord around it to use it. And it can't turn on or off. It just sits there, and if I unplug it it starts making weird noises and then I have to unplug the cord to turn it off. I really don't know if this was a mistake or if I'm just a bad customer. This thing is made for people who are cheap and want a new phone every 2 years. I hope they change some of this stuff. __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  5/5 Great price! Great quality! The best thing about this phone is that it doesn't require any adapters, no extra cables, no cords! It works with just one other device which is a Sony Xperia Z5. It's amazing how well this phone can handle the battery power. It was hard for me to believe it actually works on a smartphone, it works perfectly. And since it is only $40, I'll be purchasing more of these in the future.  4/5 Works great... but nothing special. The power adapter was made from an inexpensive adapter that can be found at the local Radio Shack. The phone charger looks and feels great but it's just a plastic and plastic piece, nothing special there. The best part is that the charger was easy to install and didn't require me to use any tools and I didn't have to cut the phone's charger cable. However I haven't used the phone for more than a couple of days, and the screen looks to be cracked (you can see a faint crack here in the picture above). If the phone screen doesn't look good it'll have to be replaced, and that will cost me even more money. I also need to replace the battery, and I'm not sure if I can buy it on ebay or if it'll be an issue since I don't have an actual receipt yet. But this will be another expense and I doubt this thing will last more than 2 months without having to be repaired. I don't
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a good device but i really wanted a better screen i was using an old android and i really dont think it was bad, but it did not have any features that i needed and the battery had to be replaced twice because it would not hold charge for more than a day.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I don't really have a good reason for giving this product a 1 star rating but the way this is designed (and the way I installed it) is just bad design in my opinion. I don`t understand the purpose of having to put your whole thumb on the side of the device as a way to make it smaller. I mean if it were easier to just have your thumb on a side of your phone as a "stop" the size wouldn`t have changed much, but I get the idea. The device works okay if your thumb is on the top of the screen (maybe). If you put your thumb anywhere else the screen doesn`t move. But I had to press all the way down to see anything on the screen. But that is all that it does. So if it works fine for you and you just have a really small thumb you can`t really say it has a great function. It is just too big and too wide for most people.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This unit is just not reliable. I had it for one year and had two batteries go dead (both within a month). My wife tried to use it one time, and it was too weak to use. The other unit I bought, the one I bought as an office device, I have it for two years and had three other batteries go flat in two weeks. I bought it from walmart as it was a refurbished one. Now I wish I never bought it.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this phone for a couple months now. i have it with the "smart charger" that gives a max of 20 hours. It doesn't last half that. the battery degrades over time and is always draining while connected to the wireless network. it doesn't charge on it's own either. it gets hot when not plugged in, i use the phone mostly in the car so I can't leave it plugged in and use it in the house, its so hot it starts melting the screen. i tried to go to another carrier (Verizon) and the phones would only charge at a full charge. they would say the phone is "stuck" on their network and that it needs to be recharged. i could not even get to it by simply unplugging it. I had to get a replacement and that cost nearly $100. i just bought another phone that is supposed to be better and it works as good as the first one.  Pros: Great battery life  Awesome camera  Fantastic camera  it's waterproof and has a flip cover  good construction
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- The thing does what it should but it is useless. I was told that the new remote was better than the old one but I just got it yesterday and I don't think it is any better. I got the remote and it didn't fit in the remote control box. After it did not work, I put it in another box and tried it and still nothing. I went back to the store to try the other remote. It worked, but it had a better range. This thing is so slow and the range is horrible. I've only been able to watch the channel for a couple minutes before I need to turn it off. The fact that it does not have an LED light makes it hard to tell how many channels are on. It does not connect with a computer or anything that will let me look up the channel. It connects with a TV using a mini USB cable and that is not a very good way to do this. It is very hard to get an internet connection through the TV. It also connects to the TV with a USB cable so if your computer is not internet enabled the cable to your computer will have to be connected to the back of the device, so it is not very good. You should get this if you are looking for a device that does what its supposed to do and does it well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for like 4 months now and i have tried to update it numerous times but the wifi has failed to work for me and the screen and touch screen dont work at all ive heard of others with a different wireless router but the problem has not been fixed yet and i dont even like this computer i bought it to replace a desktop ive been told that the computer isnt that great but its a good value.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried 4 different devices and still have this issue. i have tried a new laptop, a usb hub that works for the computer (a hd3000, not a laptop), a new ipad. no go. i am going to see if there is a software fix (or a reset).  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been trying to figure out what to get for my computer as it is an iphone iphon  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from No problem so far I've had mine for about 3 months and have had nothing but trouble with the wi-fi connection.  I thought it would work perfectly and it has, just as advertised. It is nice that the battery lasts a long time when it is plugged into the wall. But, since it has been plugged in every night, the battery is drained fast.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! i was hoping for a device that would play 3 games at a time, be connected to the internet without a cable, and not need batteries every 30 minutes. i was NOT disappointed. It worked GREAT!! however it needed a new battery to be fully charged. i have 2 x Samsung 4.7" iphones that i use for my TV and movies and this is now my ONLY phone i can use. i am so glad it was not me that went with the wrong model
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I just replaced my old laptop and the original batteries died on it the first day of use.  My new one is just as bad but I am not going to take the chance of replacing them again.   I bought this device to replace my old one and the new one just does not work at all.  My old laptop worked well and I was impressed with the ease of setup and operation but I'm sorry to say this one   does not. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using this thing now for about a year.  When i bought it, i thought it was a good value.  The last thing i used it for was to sync my iphone.   The sync is horrible.  It takes a very long time to sync a phone that has lots of applications on it.  If i sync my phone, it only syncs apps that are in the background.  Not apps that i use.  I tried to use my laptop and i could never get the sync to work.  The phone application is also buggy, if i use it to call or text, it sends me an audio message over the audio connection.  You have to press the phone icon a few times before you hear anything.  When i use the phone as a cam, i have to play back my audio via my cam.  My camera's sound doesn't work because it doesn't sync to my phone properly.  This is so bad that i was considering sending it back, but then i thought, if the computer was in the closet, and my phone died in there, and the hard drive got messed up, it would still work. I have to be very careful when i use my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have been using these for several years. They are very reliable and they will not die on you. But, they are very expensive and if you want them to last for more than 3 or 4 years you will have to buy a good quality battery.  I love my Bose sound system, but I wish it had a wireless subwoofer. That was a real bummer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to replace my older computer (Windows 7) because it had become sluggish. The computer was only on 6,000 rpms and I didn't want to buy the extra one to add 6,500 rpds.  However, I found that the only thing that improved is that I had to type more slowly and use a mouse, to get the cursor to move across the screen. This is bad, because I use the computer to write a lot and this had to do with a couple of words that I wrote, so they weren't going where I wanted them to.  a lot of typing and scrolling to get words to move on the screen and that is why I gave the device a 1 star. ,  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 30, 2010  Works great  by Joseph from Toms River NJ USA  Pros: Great product. Very accurate.  and the battery lasts a long time  Cons: Only one  Review: Great price for the accuracy of the product, great battery life for such a great product. Just wish the case came with a usb port!  Did this review help you? YES ( 0 ) | NO ( 0)  Great product, no complaints  By Mark from Rochester NY USA  "It is a nice little device for a lot less money than you'd pay for a dedicated pc. The one complaint I have is that it doesn't come with a keyboard cable. That's what the company should include. If it didn't it would be a perfect product for the price. The only thing I'm not super happy with is the usb port, it's not easy to find a standard USB port when I have to use the device in the car. I'm also not a fan of the back light, but that's an easy fix. I did not notice that the backlight would flicker when I plugged my phone in, but I don't like to pay for warranty repair. I love the product."  Does this review contribute to the item's quality? YES | NO  Is this review helpful? YES NO February 6, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  When I bought the  Casio VL-10, my first thought was "how hard could it be to just download and use this program on my PC?" I just wanted to play music that I had stored in my Casio and make it portable...  Well, that's not possible.  You can't download the VL program for any Casio, even if you have it stored on the PC, since Casio doesn't distribute the software, and it doesn't seem that any of their Casios are compatible with the VLC.    However, if you bought the software from the internet, it's relatively easy to use.    There's an app for windows, an app on OS X, and an app in the iPhone app store that does what I want, which is to convert a.AVI or.MP4 file to a.M4A file that can be played through my Sony CD player.  A couple of problems:   The program is rather buggy.  I have had a lot of trouble with the "Find" function and have had to restart VLC to get it to start working.  It also seems like the program was written with the original Casio in mind, and the.M5 format doesn't play well with my Casios.  My Casios play.MP3 files, so I'm not sure why VLC would create.M3 files.  There's also no way to delete a track from a playlist in the app, so if I delete a song I want to keep, I have to start over with the first track.  This was especially annoying when I was having trouble finding a song on the internet to use in a movie.  So, that being said, if I had the software on my Casiotown, that would make it a much easier to use, but it's a bit too buggy for my liking.    Other than that, a great little app.  UPDATE:  There is now a  free version  that runs on all Casios, and which is compatible with any digital music player.     (See the comments on this blog for links to download it!) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a tablet for my son. He is 4 and this is his first tablet. We had been trying to figure out what tablet we could use. This one is a very nice tablet with nice features. It has a nice built in camera. But the screen is very dim. We put a little bit of tint to it to make it more visible. We have already replaced the batteries. The software is sooooooo slow. I can only get my pages to load a couple of pages at a time. I have had to restart the software several times to get it to work. The built in apps are not as good as the ones on my other tablets. If I could give this tablet another star I would.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, October 20, 2014  by Rob T from Oklahoma City OK USA  Review: I really enjoyed it. The screen was clear and easy to read. This is my first tablet, so I am not sure how much I will use this one, but I would definitely recommend it.  and you should really check it out  Thanks!  Rob  from Ok  1 of 1 people found the following review helpful: great product Reviewed by: J. M. from Phoenix, AZ, USA
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a bad device I bought it in hopes it would work but to my dismay it doesn't work at all the batteries are all dead, the connection was bad, it was the right price but I got a really bad product. I thought it was only bad reviews. I hope someone has a better product because this is a terrible purchase   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using an iphone with a bluetooth headset. it's terrible. it has awful sound and the headset cant get the headset to work. i have to turn it all the way off then on. i cant hear the voice on the headset. when i do turn it on and get to the bluetooth button, it always locks up after that.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I wanted to purchase this item because the reviews were all good so i bought it and it worked fine until i realized that it does not even light up at all. When i turn it on, it just turns off. It would take about 30 seconds for it to turn on. I also found it to be extremely loud when i was running it. I couldn't use it to listen to music because the music wouldn't turn on for the first 5 to 10 seconds and after about 15 to 20 seconds, the music would just turn off. My roommate who is also a musician says it is not loud enough to listen and if i was him and wanted to hear music I would have to use headphones. I just didn't want my roommates or anyone else to hear what i was listening to. I tried to replace this item with another from another company but the problem remains.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   These are very good! My husband got them as a Christmas gift. He loves them and can't believe they didn't work as advertised. He told me he was going to return them...but then he tried them and they worked. He's been using these all week! I am glad he tried to return the product, but it was a complete waste of time and money. I think he'll be using these for a long time...but if he had just read the instruction manual before buying I could have saved myself a lot of aggravation.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first time I bought this thing, it went through a hard drive and burned out. Would I recommend this product to a friend?: Yes! You need one or two. I am currently using one for a backup of my computer on my work computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********This keyboard is horrible. The sound is terrible, it has a bad backlight, the keys are not smooth, the touchpad is awful, the USB port is terrible. I use this to type on my Mac for work.  "The keyboard of this computer has a strange sound to it, I can't explain why it sounds like it's being dragged across a hardwood floor (it sounds weird because it's the only other keyboard that is similar to it and it has the same problem with the sound)  Overall, a really bad keyboard  Would you recommend this computer to a friend?:  I would recommend this to a total stranger because it was really cheap and the computer worked really well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! The remote has no battery charge indicator at all. The remote needs an indicator that it has a battery. The battery indicator is in the corner of the screen. I also found the remote extremely difficult to use. It will just fail and won't work. I have had several failures so far. I hope the remote is improved soon.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 16, 2011  Very Good Product  by JW from Jacksonville FL USA  Pros: Very good product  Cons: None  Review: It's a good product. It can be used on your TV to control your PC. 's remote is built to last. , but the remote itself is very flimsy and not very durable. -it needs a good clear case.  in my case, it was a new Dell monitor case. I used it with my old one, but when i turned on my new monitor, the remote wouldn't work anymore. I had to replace the remote. (after trying all the remote remotes on the web)  My review is of my own opinion. I am not responsible for your product.  a good remote is not cheap.  be careful with what you buy,  Did you find this helpful? 7 of 7 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer) -Saw this and decided to give it a try. I was quite surprised at the quality. You can use it on my computer, TV, or TV/computer monitor. If you use it to control it through your cable box or your TV, the cable needs to be connected. Otherwise the remote will not work. It has a great range of options and works fine. It is easy to use too.The only thing I would change about it is the fact that it is not user programmable. The only way to change the settings is through a USB cable and that is just way too long. (You can buy a USB keyboard but there is no way to program it. So it still requires a USB controller, like a Playstation controller, for some reason.) Other than that, it's a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had two, the other i have has broken, the ones i purchased on ebay were working fine, the newer one i have broke down on me once, it was a month after i had bought it.i called a different company and got a new one, the quality of the phone is terrible, it's hard to use.i think the whole thing needs to be looked into and if i had a million dollars i would get another one, but since i don't i will probably replace this one.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 03, 2012  Good all day phone  by jim from lancaster tx on 06/30/2012   This is a good phone. It is easy to operate and have enough power to run your PC. , I bought it in the past with the promise it would never break but the first time it did broke. I got the replacement and that was a good thing too. The second phone broke but that was with the original battery. The newest one that I have had has held up very well. It now runs at a reasonable 80% battery.  and yes i do use it for my PC and it will make it through that,  I do feel like there was a way to fix the first one to keep the warranty but not the other one. but there is a fix for the other and there is not one for the first.  is this a common problem, is this something that will go away on it's own?  If so would it still cost extra to have it repaired?  and if it is still broken will I have to buy a new battery. i guess that will have to wait and see  i don't know where to begin except to say there are probably plenty of other people with a similar problem.  in fact i got one myself and the first phone I had broke in less than a year and a half. .  have a good day   Was this review useful to you?: Yes No Monday, March 02, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the second time I have bought this piece of junk. I have used it before to charge my digital camera but after a week it stopped working. Now, I am having to buy an actual charger and not just a generic piece of crap. I bought a generic Sony battery and it worked fine for a week then the camera died. After I tried this piece I am stuck with it.  Style of electronic device : I'm not an electronics geek so the only thing that comes to mind is a digital camera charger. The piece looks pretty cool, and it charges my camera but I have a Sony Alpha 7S that is fully capable of doing the job. I am hoping the Sony charger can charge my GoPro and it should be very good because I haven't been able to find any Sony chargers with the GoPro port so this is my first Sony charger.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: **********************  First of all, this is not a cheap knock-off. It's a high quality device and the quality is just wonderful. The quality of the electronic components is better than the knock-offs and this is evident when you take the time to connect your electronic device. I'm using it for a USB audio device that has a microphone. This device works perfectly and the sound is as good as the knockoffs I've heard. I've connected several other audio devices to this one including an iMac, iPad, iPod and some other electronic devices that have a microphone and the audio still comes out perfect. I have had one issue that happened with the audio in a game that requires that the sound be piped to the headphones at a certain rate. The device would not play any music at a very low rate and I was forced to play the game on headphones. This issue doesn't happen on other devices that work correctly. The price point is just about perfect for any electronics and computer user. If your looking for a good quality, good price USB audio adapter this one is a no brainer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had been trying for years to get a new computer to be compatible with my old Dell laptop. This new one had many features but it also had lots of bugs and was too expensive for what I needed. I was told this new Dell computer was compatible but it was really not. I had to go to my local Dell dealer and they sent me a new laptop that was compatible with the old computer. But after I got it, I discovered that the software would not work because the new laptop has a completely different kind of CPU. After getting the new one, I found that many of my old programs were still not working at all and some were working but with a really slow speed. But I am so glad I got this computer so I can continue to use my old system with my Windows XP OS and my other computer with Linux. But it is so frustrating that it can't even run my old program that was incompatible with this new one. The other bad thing is that it is not that easy to get one because there are so many different models of the laptop. I really wanted to get the 13 inch model but it is too expensive and I don't see any reason to get this one for me since it has many problems. Also, the battery life is really bad. I usually use it for 20-30 hours and then have to charge it up. It seems to be good for my kids since they use it less. But what will happen in a week is that I will use it another 15 hours and I will have to recharge it. In summary, I think I would not buy this laptop again. I would recommend this laptop if you only want a basic computer for your family to do Internet, email, videos and some games and for your kids to use it to play computer games. If you want a computer for a professional or educational use then I would recommend getting a Dell. It is a good model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got this for Christmas as a Christmas gift. It is wonderful if you do not want to have to plug in the plug in, just plug in on the side of the wall you want to charge and the device will charge from there. However I got it at Wal-Mart and they had to charge it for me. I will not be buying this item again.   Excellent product!!! This is a fantastic product. It charges so fast I use it to charge my iPhone in my car.  My battery life lasts over 12 hours when I use this product!!!  Great product, great price It is so convenient to have a wall adapter for the Tesla power wall. I like it so much that I bought two of them. -JH  A MUST HAVE! I have the 2nd gen and it is amazing I would have to say a MUST HAVE FOR MY HOME.  the wall adapter is simple to use and charge a few things on the go (laptop, cell phone, ipad) I would suggest getting a few chargers to get you started for the day
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The screen and the sound were okay. The battery is not removable.  What you need to know before buying this product: This item includes a charger for a smart phone or tablet, but does not charge that device. For any other phone or device that you would like to charge, this charger will not charge it. It will only charge this item or your smart phone/tablet. This product has the capacity of 1,000 mAh and can charge up to 1,200 phones, tablets, and mp3 players.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to use with my laptop. After a couple days with it, the battery life is only about a day and half. I didn't have any problem with the connection from the laptop to the charger, but with this unit you have to use two AAA batteries, which is not convenient.  One of the biggest flaws I found about this product is that it doesn't have an USB port so you have no way of connecting your computer to the unit. This makes it very difficult to charge your phone, tablet or computer. Also, when you plug your computer in, you have the option to switch the unit to battery or charge mode. This is not really convenient because you have a lot of charging options and can't decide which one to use.   Overall I recommend it for people that want to charge their laptop or phone, but would prefer a portable charger that does not have a USB port. It does have an AC adapter option for charging your laptop, however, it is not as convenient as a full USB.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I purchased a new computer a year ago. It started up great, but just now had to start using the net. I used to have a router which I used almost daily and was very well connected. Unfortunately, the new computer has no Ethernet, so all the internet I was using was with the ethernet cable. I am very disappointed, as there was a small, bright, light above the ether port and it worked perfectly. Now, with this new computer, all I can do is type, click, click to access the net, then type to get back to the internet. I'm trying to call my credit card company to find out why I can't buy more things online because they don't want me to use my new computer. I was really very surprised with the value of the computer when I received it. I will not be buying another Apple product, for at least 5 years. This computer was a total failure on so many levels.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This was an amazing purchase for my daughter and her son who wanted to have a digital game and also a video camera and were both really impressed with the performance, especially the ability to change the display from one to the other in a matter of seconds. However the main thing for me is that the screen does not last very long so that when you need to move the camera it does not seem to be too easy. The battery life is good if you are not using the camera.  By David N. on October 29, 2014  This is one of the best games I have ever purchased.  and one of my favorite toys. The quality of the game is fantastic. The camera is pretty good as well. . ,  by Tia C. on September 23, 2014
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I love my iphone 6s plus... I love the new camera mode but I can't get it to work. I have two iphones, iphONE 6 and iphON the 6S plus. It is working flawlessly with my icloud 2. The only problem I had was not being able to get my iPhone to work at all with it's iphon mode. I thought my ipod and icp were working together. The iPhone is not being recognized. The iph6 and ipods work together and I am unable to get the iphony to work without this annoying iphono/iphone setup. I love my iPods, it's the best phone ever, I would not trade mine in. Do not buy the ikone and do not listen to it's reviews.  This is a junk piece of junk that needs to be thrown away and never listened to again.    The sound is bad.  I don't know how I would listen to the ikono on my phone, I have had it for 3 months, and I'm very unhappy with the sound quality, It's very much like listening to an iphonest.  I bought one after reading reviews that the iKone is great for the price, and wanted to give it a chance, but the sound is very poor, I don''t know if it's my amp or the i.kone, but it sounds terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The problem is that the device, the phone, I mean phone or other smart device is not working properly, and it is very noisy and annoying.   When I was in the store, the person who sold it to me also explained to me that they thought that it was working fine, but she said that they have no other phone that is working that well! I told her, "Well, I hope it works well."   Well, the next thing I noticed was that it wasn't working. They tried all kinds of things, but I just couldn't get it to work.   the phone was completely silent, the speaker was just barely working, and I kept getting a very loud pop and the phone wouldn't stay on the network.  ,   After a few more tries, I found a new phone that was cheaper, a Samsung S3 with a better signal strength. After that, I still had to go back and buy the same exact phone twice. I mean, the first one was cheaper then the second, so it's not like this was a great deal.   and I am back to my old phone, and still have the same problem. it's making me really mad!   and no, that was not my phone. that was my wife's phone. and her phone is just fine!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this to replace my old iPod 3gs. I was very disappointed when it arrived with no memory card. My old iPod has a built in memory card with the ability to move from one format to another. It has also a built-in camera and a speaker. I did some research and found that most of these iPod models are not supported by the new iPhone. It also came with no cable. I had to cut off the USB cord to use this iPod with my iPhone. When I tried using the Apple cable with my iPod, I found that it just couldn't connect. After several hours of trying to connect to my iPhone, I gave up and bought a new iPod.  It just didn't work with my old iPhone.  and then i just had to buy another one  Had it on sale and couldn't pass it up  This device can be upgraded to 32 GB  Wouldn't recommend for the price  My iPhone 3gs is over 8 months old and works perfectly with this iPod
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the first unit, it worked for about 2 years. Then I bought another and that one had the same problem. The only solution was a new battery. I called and left a message saying the battery was dying and that I need a replacement. I will probably be going on vacation at the end of the week so I won't be able to get to an outlet. This company is not the right choice for me.  I was very satisfied with the price of my new e-cigarette, and it has worked well for me, but after about 2 weeks, my battery started to stop charging and I had to go into the store and get a new one. The new unit would not power the e-liquid well at all. They said it was a "temperature control issue" but I think it was because the batteries were still in the boxes of the previous ones.   It took them about 2-3 weeks to replace them with the new ones, and I still have not received them. I have called and emailed and have not been able to make them get back to me. This is a huge problem for me because I already wasted $400 dollars on the first one and I am not getting a replacement unit for a couple of months. And the only way I can get a replacement is if I cancel my purchase and wait until I get back.   at the moment I am still waiting on my replacement batteries. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________   I received my new "Battlestar" on friday and after 1 day using it I am ready to call it a bad device. The power cable is too short and does not extend far enough to the wall socket.  After 2 days using the battlestar, I went to unplug it and it was inoperable. The unit did not reset to default settings. I called samsung customer service and they did a test on the battlestation and the unit was fixed.   This is a bad product at best, do not buy it.  (Posted on 5/10/2011)  Great I was hesitant to get this battery because of reviews. I got the battery and the charger and it seems to be working fine. Very simple to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for almost a year now. it has 2 problems that i have encountered. one is that if i press the power button it disconnects from the battery, but if you power it on, its good, just dont power it off. the other issue is that when i connect a usb cable it will not charge to any of my other USB ports. it will charge to my usb3 only. i have found a different charger on line that works great!  My second purchase: Great device, great price, but there are two problems. first, the usb port is very poor and will not hold a cable. This was not a deal breaker, but I could not get it to work with my computer, no matter how I tried. The second problem is that you have to push the buttons on the back to make it work. This has caused me to not try other devices or to not get to where i wanted to be.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These are great at their purpose of giving you a portable charger! They come with a cord that is good, a USB cable that has some good conductive properties for the cable, a 1A power supply that is not very good in my opinion (no current limit or anything, just 2A max), the battery is actually a 5V/1A battery. I would recommend this charger for the person who has a phone that needs a portable power source, and the person that would like the ability to charge an iPad or other small devices without having to have a wall plug, but the fact that the 5V output on the charger is not strong enough for these two purposes is pretty bad.   I got the charger so I could recharge my Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge while I was on the train to work, and after charging them, I noticed that the device would charge fine. The charger came with a small cable that connects directly to your phone, and I would have appreciated an extra USB cable to have on hand, since my S6 edge only had a micro USB port. My other problem with this charger was that it had a plastic case that made it difficult to charge the phone inside of it, so I ended up having to cut out the bottom of the case so I can plug the phone in and it worked.   I also had some issues with the charging current while my phone was charging, as it was draining fast when I was trying to charge it, and it was getting hot very fast in the phone. I had to adjust the settings of the charger to increase the voltage on it so that it charged quickly when I needed it to. It also seems that when it's plugged into a wall outlet and charging, it will overheat because it takes a long time to charge, especially when using the quick charge feature.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------  I bought this monitor for a small business that I used to run from a printer. I was not pleased with the picture quality, the colors were washed out, and the pixels on the screen looked like they were smudged. I bought a $100 Dell monitor a few years ago, and it performed better for me. I will keep this one on hand for the occasional print job. The monitor itself is ok. But it is not worth the money.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good monitor, but monitor not bright enough for color work I love my Dell 2420h, it is very good, especially for the price. However I also own a Cintiq 2720 (with a DVI cable to connect to a computer) and I find that it is a much brighter display than the 2420, and very accurate for color. So I was very disappointed when I had to switch to the 2425h. I switched to it because I didn't want to have to get a new, expensive, computer just to use this monitor. It would be nice if the monitor would turn on in the morning when I woke up. I'm also using an external screen so that the image is not blocked. I think I'm going to have the external monitor for the next few years. , the monitor is bright and clear. But the colors don't seem to be very accurate and I'm finding it difficult to read the text at the same time (as you would expect from a 24".  Good value for a 24 inch monitor. I have used it with the Cintix 2410 and 2710. I find the CIntix to be a little better.  (From a review by an Anonymous user of the Asus Cintqq 2410)  Great product! I've had a 24" monitor for years and it was finally time to replace it with a more powerful model. I'd never owned a 24inch monitor before and wanted to find one that had a decent resolution for professional or photo work. I found this model in a Best Buy on Ebay and it fits my needs perfectly. I can now watch videos in the same room with the same brightness as I do my computer screen. And the quality of the screen is superb. It's a great product that I will recommend to my friends. . The color is great, as are the colors on the display and of the software. The only thing I don
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this monitor for my wife as a wedding gift, it was a terrible purchase. I have to have a technician come over to repair it after every use. It is very difficult to turn on. The buttons are very hard to press. Also when you are viewing on it and the screen goes blank it will show you what you are seeing on the other side of the monitor. If it worked I would give it five stars but its not as good as the picture of the other monitors.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: gdimages
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  I bought this as a spare unit for my iPad, but it worked great but the usb port is not an HDMI port, and only a serial port so if you want to hook it up to your PC, you have to get an adapter to convert it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a g35 for 5 yrs and after that was replaced by the g35c the new g35 does not hold a charge for more than 2 hours then starts to fade. the battery is pretty much the same size as the g34 so if your looking for a good g35 this one is not it. ive had to replace it with the g36c and the g37c because they had different batteries. the batteries in this unit are terrible and its just sad. i wish they would make more units with better batteries.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________ This was my first electronic device, I went with it as my first purchase and I regret it. I can't even turn on my tv, which I use to watch movies. It doesn't even work, at least to play videos. The tv only works for watching video. I know it was my fault for putting in my old tv, so I'm just out $$$. I hate to say this but if you do not trust electronic devices like this, I wouldn't recommend them at all. I have never been so disappointed in an electronic device. I'm a very smart person and my parents and the teachers love me. I'll never do business with this company again and would recommend that you not go with this device.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The camera is too short. The battery does not last for more than a month, and I can buy a better one. If you want to get a high end camera that is going to last for years, I recommend getting a better camera.   A little overpriced, but the camera is great.  .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't work.  It's on its last leg.  I have used the device twice. The first time I plugged it in, the lights did go on.  However, when I pulled it out of its casing, the screen was so low resolution that I could hardly read any text, and everything I wanted to do just hung on the screen.  The next time I tried to plug it in I heard the fan stop for a few seconds.  Then it would start up again.  After the third time, I finally removed the casing and removed it.  To my surprise, the device worked.  This is one of those devices that I'm sure will just never work.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a joke and you have to pay for it with your life!  I used a spare computer keyboard and it worked fine.  The keyboard has become permanently damaged and has been replaced by an old Dell mouse (very slow and doesn't click).  You have to send your PC to the factory for repair.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received a Sony DSC-F55 and the unit works fine. I bought this unit to replace my previous Sony DSP-F53 which worked fine for many years and this unit is much better in all regards. The microphone was working fine for almost a month. I've been out of communication with Sony for a few days. I called back and they informed me that the unit has a firmware issue and that I need to update. This would cost me a fortune since my DSP unit was already over 4 years old and I don't know where to get a new one and the Sony tech support person told me that I could send it back for replacement.  After spending all that money for the unit I'm going to wait on a new unit that I know is much more expensive to make a big difference to my listening pleasure. I'm not sure why Sony has this issue. The problem only comes up if you are playing at high volume on your headphones. I had no problems. I also have an audio console and audio cable. Rated 3 out of 5 by JG from Nice little package I bought a pair of these to do a couple of podcasts and a recording. The quality of these on an Apple TV was pretty good. It was a great match with the speakers that came with the box. It took some time to learn the different levels. But once I found out, I was able to get the best sound I could out of it. I found that playing the podcasts on the small speakers on my iPhone was also the most enjoyable listening experience. The speakers were pretty loud on an iPhone, but they definitely got a bit muffled and dull. This makes sense as Apple has placed these speakers closer to the ceiling than most headphones. When I went to play them on my TV, the quality was much better. Even on my 5.1 channel surround, the speakers were loud and clear, but you may not notice the difference if you're listening on a larger screen. It doesn't sound bad. It's just a little dull on the iPhone's speakers. On the plus side, I think that the volume control worked flawlessly on both my Apple TV and the iPad. I can change between the two devices easily.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It had a defective screen, which was the only reason I gave it four stars.  Was this review helpful? Yes No  Posted by: Richard from IL - September 11th, 2016  I was in for a surprise and my wife said "you have to see this". When we plugged it in, the screen went dark and we had no idea what was going on. It came on with the sound on and she tried to turn the device off, but it kept going. This thing is not working for a month now, no power and no audio.   Was also disappointed when they told us we would have to wait for a new one to be made. No problem, it will cost about $75 and I just picked up the old one. . ,  was this review useful? Yes  We'll try this again! by: jim from nc - July 23rd, 2016
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a very annoying wireless remote control for years. this one is much better. i like it because its on the back of the remote and i can turn it on with my body. ive used it for about a month. its only the buttons that need to be changed though because the remote is so hard to use. if the buttons were changed and the remote worked as i like, then it would be a good remote. im pretty disappointed because the previous one i had was a piece of junk.   Good remote, bad remote control: This remote is great when you're using your television remote.  The remote has a nice rubberized grip, but it takes quite a bit of effort to hold it. As a result, it's very heavy and has no grip on a hard surface. In addition, it is very prone to getting lost, so you'd best have a good memory for where the buttons are located.  in addition, the remote has buttons that don't work all the time. The volume up and down buttons are often blank when you press them. I had to search for an option and press them with my finger. . ,but in return, this remote provides access to all the functions of your TV remote, so if you want more features, or if you're an experienced control user, this may be the remote for you... In addition to volume control, this is one of the few remotes I can say I like very much.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The price was good, but the unit broke after less than a year. The unit was shipped with no screws. I had to do a full disassembly of the motherboard just to get to the power brick. I would not buy again.  Good but not good enough for me: The battery life was fine when i got it but the speakers and remote didn't work. Also it was very loud so i had to use earphones. It is a very simple unit but i would not recommend it for long term use.  in short, not worth the money but well worth the hassle.  (Posted on 9/19/14)  Excellent  by William from Chicago IL USA   Pros: The build quality of this remote is excellent. The battery is charged and the remote works smoothly. I am very pleased.   Cons: A few months after purchasing the remote, my unit stopped working. I did a battery check and everything checked out. So I replaced the battery and then, after a week, my remote still wasn't working. It was a hard reset, so I'm not sure what the issue is. It also has a couple of screws missing, so it looks like it is not really well made.  ,,,,  Great Buy  By Michael from San Diego CA USA   (Posted On 4/13/14 )  I love the feel of the case!  The case was exactly what I was looking for and I was very surprised it's as good as it is.    I was going to buy another model but, I was so happy I got this one instead. .  as for the remote there's lots of use for it, but it only works with the iPad 2 and iPad 3, and those just won't play anything in the sound department.  the only thing that bothers me about it is that there's a very small LED next to the button, which looks like a light bulb but is not. It's the only time I ever noticed it. Other than that, it's a great remote that I use often. ,  (Posted On 3/16/14)(Posted On 2/7/14 (Posted 1/16.13) 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    There is a problem with this phone that is only seen when the phone is connected to the computer.   The computer will not let it turn off when the cell is down.  This phone works great with Windows 7, but it does not work when it is connected using a cable.  It seems that it was designed before the cell phones came out that had to be connected through a cable, and it is very strange. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first i've owned was a cheapo phone with a cheap plastic case. It would constantly freeze up. The phone would randomly get in range of the mains power, and the screen would go completely blank (the screen had been frozen at that point). It would take about 5-10 minutes to power up again. The replacement was fine, however, it was only the first one i had ever bought, and there were no replacement. It was about £40 in total, and would have been better with a warranty, but that cost was on top of what i had already spent (the phone is still broken to this day, as it is from the warranty claim).  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mikey from Works great... and the price I have the best phone! I have owned it for 2 years now and use it every day for my work, my business, family and friends (just me!). It is a very good phone. It does everything I need it for. When you read the reviews about this phone they tend to go for one of the best of the 3 phones, or say that the other is a step down from the other and that it isn't worth it. I disagree with those reviews because this phone has everything that I need. I am on the verge of buying a second one! It has no problems with the battery life, the call quality, the picture quality, or the apps that I use. It can also stream audio and video. It has the best battery life of all my phones. I use this phone every day and it still works fine and I think it's amazing!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********The iPod is a bad iPod.The battery drains quickly.The iPod does not have any sound.The plastic has a hole in it.The device does not get warm when it is on the lap. The device works when in the pocket. I will not buy another iPod."  What do you mean that it does not work and it does get warm!?!  I got my 3rd one and I am so disappointed. The battery does not last more than 3 months (the original 2 did about 4 months each) and it still gets very warm and has a big amount of noise. I had to do a big plug-in power-down of mine last night. My first one lasted 8 months! You would think it was a new one just because I got the 3rd. I tried the iPod in my car, in my garage, in the living room, in a car seat, while on a plane, while doing light work and running to the store. I also tried it while I was in a gym (no noise, no noise). You would expect that an iPod 3 would be much quieter. I am very disappointed with my 3nd one. It's a waste of money. I only have one more and I'll be getting another after a year.  Worst purchase of my life!  The iPods don't work and the battery life is about 4 weeks at least. I guess I need to buy a new battery. I've bought 3 iPods and I have to say this is the worst purchase of life time.  I have my iPod touch and I hate to give it up but this one will never use it! I have it in the back of my car and it's too loud for any type of outdoor activities. I have been driving around for months with my iPod and now it's not going to last more then 4 weeks! , July 6, 2017  Purchased the iPods when they first came out and it was great for a very long time. I went through all the iPod's over the years, but these are just NOT as good as the originals. I'm so dissapointed in them.    So sorry to anyone that bought them for you. 's
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- ------------- I had this as my backup laptop and it only has around 2-3 days battery life, even with a decent amount of applications installed. There are a few things to be said about this laptop. It runs cool and is small. The problem is that it's slow, not really noticeable until it becomes slow. The only thing you can do to fix it is to buy a better model, which I wouldn't do since the new model is $300 more. The battery is also on the low side. I've had other computers and this one's the worst. If you want a small system that runs like a dream, get the HP Compaq. I'd get this computer for sure because the features are great, but be prepared to spend a lot more. I hope this helps someone else, I've spent the past few years buying new laptops, thinking that I would get better battery life and all that, but now it's just not happening for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it was not very user friendly, not very fast and I wish that there were options to set the display mode to always on and always on-off, as I'm looking to have the display on for a while, and the other ones can be turned off and on, then turned back on again. Overall, I really like this device, and it will be my second computer from this company, the first is the Mavic, but I did purchase this a year ago for an electronic project. I am happy to give it to the new owner because I know that I will have a good experience with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  No wifi in the car - this is a great device - but it's very hard to use and the car doesn't have the ability to go onto the internet to access a wifi network - even when you plug in your device, it doesn't connect - this could use some improvement... Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A very low price and poor functionality  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________ 1. The battery is so bad I can't even use the device when it's charging! 2. The charger for the device is very cheap, not even worthy of being an electrician. 3. The device will drain battery extremely fast, I have to charge it every 6 or 8 hours to make it last a full day. 4. The LED light is not strong enough to see on the device. 5. The power switch does not have any function.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I'm a fan of the new iPad but after a year and a half of this device I have to say it's about as bad as an iMac, I love that my photos are smaller but this does NOT help me with my daily duties. You can't even get the camera to work when it's in the iPad mode and the software is so bad it just crashes on you.  You could do better than this and the cost for this item alone is a rip off. My main gripe with the iPhone is that the battery lasts about 2 hours on a charge. That means it has to be plugged into a wall and I have never had an issue in using it while I'm at work.  The iPad is just a little too big to be of any use when you have a full sized desk but then again I do work at the desk and I am very handy to use the iPad when I'm there.   This is what I think about the iphone and ipad: iPad 3G I have been looking into replacing this iPad 3g with a iphones and after researching I found these on amazon for $75 and I found that they last twice as long and they are not nearly as heavy.  I've been able to go from battery saving 5% to 10% in about a week and now I've upgraded the iPhone from a good phone to a great one.  The iPad is the real bargain in this category.  For the price, the quality and durability are a huge benefit.  If you're a student and just looking for an easy way to take your iPhone with you, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The phone's design is ugly, I'm not saying that's a bad thing, but it looks like the company forgot to buy a copy of the latest "design bible" for Android, "App" - it's the only phone that looks like that on any Android phone.   But this is just a cosmetic thing.  I think I'm done with these dumbphones. The HTC One X is the only one that looks nice, but you still need to pay extra for the "HDMI cable"   Overall, a fun phone to use, but I've never used a phone that looked that bad when it wasn't used for 3 seconds.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is terrible, the buttons work great for the most part but there is only one button on this phone, it is impossible to make a call when you use the power button. I get so angry when I use this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This phone is the worst   My phone doesn't have any features I want and my old phone would not let me use it.  I tried so many other phones to switch to and this is the best!  Would not recommend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device since 2012 and the quality of its construction has declined significantly. It is difficult to replace the battery, the buttons sometimes break off, and when i do manage to get a replacement part, the screen will just keep freezing over and over again. If the price is reasonable it would be nice to find some replacement batteries, or if there is some way to keep the keyboard from having too much battery. I have had it for 5 years and i still dont know why.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, December 17, 2010  Ive used this to access my digital pictures on my pc on my phone using a bluetooth keyboard. Works great. .  I use it for reading books.  for gaming on my iphone with a Bluetooth keyboard  . it works.  in fact. i think i may like it more than my i phone  was not so good quality.  an expensive failure  The Good:  Fast  Easy to use  Excellent battery life.  a 10 hour battery will last most of a day.  (it also has a power button.)  the built in Bluetooth.  have had no problems with this device  Nice screen.  "A great accessory for your phone "  Cons: , the keypad does not allow for any typing  no support for Windows Vista  i have not had any problems with the keyboard  the power button has become quite useless over the years  If your looking for an inexpensive, good looking, and durable wireless keyboard for your ipad, this is a good buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned my seiko x300 since 2012. the seiko's that i have been using are great, but i found my new x300 was not. it was a bit too cheap for a 5s and in the end i found out why. i didnt realize the seikos have the same issue. they dont sound good. they are made from cheap plastic. they wobble. the hands get in the way. the x300 sounds like an ez to me. im not sure if i will keep this. i could not justify spending the $60 on this. but id rather buy one that has better sound. i dont think i will buy a seiko again. the last thing i need now is to pay to take apart my x300 to get to the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I was so disappointed. The device that my father used for more than 20 years for monitoring my prostate gland, he just got rid of it and now he has to get a new one, because it has problems, he says it was just a defective. I guess I was lucky, I got mine in a store in Australia and got the free shipping, but the seller did not have the warranty, which they don't have in any country. I also think that the new company needs to add warranty for the same time that the original manufacturer was selling it, the original company needs a year.  Rated 4 out of 5 by danielp from Nice, but not ideal This product is pretty good and I'm really happy with it. The only thing is that it's difficult to adjust the sensitivity to my own liking. When I put the device on, the first time I put it on, I was very uncomfortable and I felt it going to my prostate. I don't know if it's the device itself or what is being done to my body, but I don`t enjoy using it.  be very very careful if you're going to get one of these devices, there are a lot of claims being made on the company website, but as with all gadgets it's your own responsibility to be cautious  Was this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the D2P 3.0 at the recommendation of a friend. The D2p is a complete disaster. It would not play a recorded CD and I couldn't make it boot in any format. The batteries were dead within a week. It is very noisy. When it works it does work but the screen goes crazy on and off. It only displays on or off when you turn it on but doesn't actually tell you what the buttons do. I called support and they said the DSP chip was bad and didn't have any replacement parts. No wonder the battery is dead! This is an utter waste of money.  Review of DJ TechTools 5.1 Surround/Music Player with 2-Channel Input:  This thing is a piece of crap. The player has no preamplifier, no effects, no tuner, no aux input. The sound quality is crap, the controls are very awkward, the knobs are ugly, and there is not a single remote! You have to physically use the buttons for everything. If you want this product to play records, then get a CD player or turntable. But if you want to listen to your own MP3 collection or some hip-hop music, it is a disaster and will fail in one week. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a cheap iphone for years and it worked fine for several months after it got stolen but then one day it shut down. i didn't know that there was this sort of issue that this device has. now it seems to have been a security issue and they are no longer making the devices. i have not been able to contact apple to make a claim. and to make matters worse this particular version was hacked by someone with it. and if i go to apple online, it gives me a message that says it is no longer available. i dont know how it is possible if they have done this but at least the phone was stolen so maybe that would have some affect on their decision. i'm looking for a new one. i would like to get one of those iphones which is a better price and maybe even better quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! The new iMac is really, really slow!! it gets so slow that i can hardly use it! I can read a webpage at about 80% and it takes like 2-3 hours! I have a MacBook Air 13 inch and it doesnt even get that slow! I was really really worried and bought this for $250.00! If you havent tried one you are seriously making a bad investment! Ive spent nearly twice as much on a new laptop than this thing!! I will not be buying this device again!!!Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The phone itself is amazing, the phone call quality and the call quality on the app are not great. This product is not worth the money and they can do better! I tried to return it and get my money back, they refused, and told me if I wanted my money they would ship me a new one. So I have to deal with the inconvenience of having to call Verizon every two days to find out my phone is broken and I will have to wait another month to get it fixed! It is definitely not worth $400!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 3s iphones iphonelocopy iphonerver iphonestep iphonemap iphonewt iphoney iphony iphp iphppc iphplay iphphreak iphontip iphoto iphuniverse iphune iphuppy iphusd ipod 7th generation ipod touch ipod 4th generation iphONE 5 iphONES 4 iphONETTLE ipp0n iphOS2 iphos3 iphonet 4 ipsad ipsat ipsi ipwn ipx 6 iphzm ipz5 ipl ipl3 ipl5 ippf ipla iplc iplu iplx iph0 iph1 iph2 ihip ih0 ih1 ih2 ikep ikev ike1 ike2 iksd ikyz ikz0 ikez ikey illocase ilocaseilocase imeq ime4 ime6 ime7 ime9 imea imec imef imese imesg imeh imeso imesv imex imey imez inot0inot1inot3inot4inot5inot6inot7inot8inot9inota int0int0inou1int2int3int4int5int6int7int8int9inta iph_int1i0i1int1int10in0in0int2in0n0int3in0nt0in1int4in0t0int5in0tr0t4int6t0t6inta nt0in00 iph00 iplex iplez it_int01i01i02i03i04i05i06i07i08i09i0t1i3i4i5t0i7i8i9i1it1i1i4it2i1m2it3i1n2it4it5t1t1int6it7it8it9it10it11it12it13it14it15it16it17it18it19it2it2t2t3t
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this because my iPad 2 fell asleep, which is a problem with other tablets. I would not recommend this unless it is being used in conjunction with an ipad.   My iPad went off 3 times in 2 months. I didn't expect it to work that well.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The first thing I noticed when plugging it in was that the button was not functional, I thought maybe it was just the battery but when I pressed it and a little vibration popped up I knew it was the button. The screen looks very good (specially when it's at full brightness), I can see the video, the microphone works perfectly but the battery life is pretty horrible I was expecting more than 30-35 minutes of talk time with the microphone but I was pleasantly surprised by the battery it lasted for almost 3 hours. I would never buy another speaker if it can't hold a charge for over two hours. If you want to use it for more than just a phone call this is the way to go.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 16, 2017  Great device  by Paul from Orlando FL USA  Pros: Good sound quality Cons: Poor built quality  Review: I bought it to replace a cheap speaker I had in my truck. The quality of this unit is better than the last speaker I replaced, so I'm happy. However, I would not have purchased this product had I known it was made in China. The audio quality was so poor and the unit had no buttons, I had to physically push the power button twice before it would start.   Was it helpful to you, yes/no  Would you recommend this to a friend? Yes  (2 votes)  No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of years now and it's the worst electronic device ive ever had. The screen is black when in use and no matter what i do with the phone it cant read text. i have to change it for no apparent reason and the phone will not come on. i wouldnt buy this to look at at all, or be used in the office. ive never experienced such a bad customer service response. dont buy this, its like getting your money back.  I have owned my Samsung Galaxy s2 for 8 months now, I have not really had any issues with it. As I type this, I am still running the SGS3. I am running on 3.5.2. I have only ever had one issue, I noticed a blue blinking light in my notification area. It would blink, then stop blinking, then blink again. This has never happened with the S3. It is currently on 3, which is my current firmware.   I bought this phone to replace my old SGS, and I can't say enough great things about this phone. I like the small size and I've always had a lot of fun with my SGS2. The software is still better than my S2's. The camera is not bad, not as good as my S3's, but at least it's a decent one. The call quality on this phone is also very good, there has been no issues with call quality yet.   and the camera is a very good one! The flash on this camera is the most awesome flash I've ever seen. I've had the phone since it was on 3 and my only issue is with the camera, and i know I'll have to wait for Samsung to get the firmware updates up to date because the camera has been great since I got it and I really don't think they are going to update it any time soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I was looking forward to having the Apple TV 2 to watch all my old episodes on and the set was perfect, everything worked perfectly but as soon as I plugged it in and connected my Xbox One controller, the TV showed no signal, the Xbox controller also had no signal. If I plugged in the Xbox One as I wanted it to, the set would get signal. ****************************** I purchased my apple tv at Best Buy to get all my older episodes in HD only to find out that there was no way to watch them on the apple tv, there were only 480p movies and commercials. ********* The apple tv 2 is great for movies and for games it has some decent features, however for any other movies, shows, or any other content it is garbage, if you need it to do more then 1080p then buy a different set but the apple one is garbage. ************ The apple box works ok and is a better price then the apple TV and if I could find a better TV with better features then the box would be perfect, it only has 4 gigabytes of memory and that is it, you could only really watch 480p on the box.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've owned this device for almost 2 years now. It worked great then, as now. I've replaced the batteries 2 times and they just give out. Now it won't turn on at all. I thought at first that it was just a bad battery but now I am starting to think it is an internal problem. The battery seems to be too close to the circuit board and the connection isn't as good as my original battery was. I'm worried about the integrity of the original board. Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, March 25, 2014  Works as it should  by Aaron from Santa Rosa CA USA  Pros: Compact design, compact display, small form factor, power of rechargeable battery  Cons: Low power consumption, not as powerful as I thought it would be, not suitable for older electronics.  Review: This was my first battery for an electronics project, and it performed admirably. The charger included with it was the only one I could find, and the included batteries were about 30% bigger than I was looking for, but otherwise it worked fine.  I was a bit concerned about the low power consumption on this particular product, but I thought the company was pretty honest with their claims. I didn't get it completely working, but it didn't need to be fully charged and was functional. The display looks pretty small in person, but that was because I have smaller hands than the ones pictured. The case is quite sturdy and I was surprised at how well it protected the battery and the charger. : This product was provided for review by a third party company
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My brother bought an iphone 3g from Walmart and it worked great except for one problem, the battery wouldn't last longer than a day. It was replaced by someone that knows what he or she is doing. If this company was going to sell me an ilevel I might buy a new one but i have no desire to buy it.   What I would change if I could:  This product does what it says it does. That's a pretty good thing. I just wish there was a way for the user to configure it in different ways so it could be used with a cable modem or a land line. It wouldn't do a great deal of good to get this product and then find out later that my modem was going through the ethernet connection that the iphones does. Maybe it would have saved me the trouble and money if my modem did the job.  .   (Posted on 7/23/2012)  good device with issues  This device is perfect in that i can put a cable into my network switch for a wired connection, and it works great. I couldnt find any problems that i could see with the device or the software. One thing that bothers me is that they say it connects to the ether in your modem, and the software says that it connects directly. What I have been trying to figure out is why the app keeps saying this. Does it ever actually connect to the modem and what do i need to do to change that, and what about my other connection? I know that my cable company has a problem in my area with the cable modem, but i dont think I have to contact my cable provider, does anyone have any ideas about this? I have a wireless modem but i just bought an ethernet one for a change.  , (Posted the 22/09/2012 )  Best thing in the world! My family has been using this for about 3 years, and i just want to say that i love it! I have always been searching for a wireless access to my internet that can give me internet from our home internet. We have a 2G, 3G, and 4G Internet connection on our computer and tablet (with a wireless router) that we use, and this device allows me to easily connect to my cable modem and the internet from anywhere in the house without having to use the modem. The only problem i have found with this device is that the software is pretty much a little
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had a problem with this purchase. I had received the watch yesterday in a nice gift box from my santa. As soon as it arrived I put it to my wrist, but the screen would not turn on (no picture). I called the customer service for my bank and asked for a return, since the watch was faulty and the gift box should have been shipped back, I was told that it had been re-gift-wrapped in the new plastic that had just arrived, and it was too late to send back. I sent my money back, and my wife called the same day and was told the same thing. They did not return a refund and I am not sure if this is an error or not, but a customer service rep said he would send me the watch but would only refund me if I had returned the gift, not an error. He said he did not know how the watch would work in a cold winter, so if I took it to the office I could return it there and they would find out what was wrong and let me know. I did not take it back to my bank (they do not seem to care about the quality of their products), but I did return it to them and they gave me a refund for the cost of the watch (it did work fine in a few days). I wish that the watch did not work as I could not sleep with it on my wrist. Also I would have rather gotten an Apple watch if I could have.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* My son was able to use the iPad mini 1 in class at his high school. It was slow. My son also is an A+ student and took more notes then he ever did with his old school grade book. ******** The only reason I am giving this product a 3 is because the new iPad mini 2 was announced and I got mine as well. *****************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This was my first time ever buying an Apple device. I'm still on the fence about whether or not I should buy an ipod but this was pretty awesome to finally get one. So I went into the store and picked it up. It arrived pretty late, but still within my schedule. I took the device out of the box and put it on and it booted up and it started up flawlessly. I started playing a song and then it just shut down. I think I'm gonna go try and work on it again. Also I noticed that the speaker isnt working. The bottom speaker is so weak. This isn't a big deal to me but if anyone has an issue with this then I think its worth mentioning. If it had more powerful speakers then it would be good but as is I will most likely use this as my primary device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been having issues with this unit the last 2-3 months. every time i turn on it, it turns on, but never boots up. this problem seems to be getting worse as it has been almost a year. it is the first one that i ever had. i was so disappointed with the unit when i purchased it. i would never recommend this product. ive had problems with this before. _____________________________________________________________________________________ 5/7/2018  " Great product, however, the case is cheap and the device is not replaceable.   Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 01, 2017  Great product  by Robert from Spring Hill, FL (Zone 8b)  Pros: Reliable, easy to read information  Cons: None  Review: This is the perfect diagnostic tool! I use it all the time on my HP and other PC. It is simple to use and it has a variety of readings, even a digital readout.  Was the Review Helpful a helpful tool? Yes  Excellent!  By Tom from Fort Worth, TX (Zone 9b) on 02/24/2016  Recommended! , the most comprehensive diagnostic device I have ever used. It allows you to run multiple diagnostic tests on any type of PC. I was able to diagnose my laptop's failure, and it will work for your HP too.I'm also very pleased that they offer a return/exchange policy, instead of just a lifetime warranty. This was the only way to obtain a replacement if I felt that I made a mistake on the test or had not paid close enough attention.  a very reliable and affordable service, with the best warranty policy. .  and yes, it is a laptop, but it's a great one for the money. it works great with windows 10.  (this is my first, but I'm a big fan of HP and their products and the service, etc.) Was this Review helpful to you?""   The Case of the Wasted Good  This item should not be wasted on someone that has a laptop that they want to get fixed. I purchased the HP Microscope Probe, to analyze the problem, and the HP PC Diagnosis software, to check the problem.   at no time in all three of these 3 products did I see the HP Diagnosis, Software, or Microscope software running.   the diagnostics software
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried 3 of these over the last 6 months and this one is the worst ive ever had. ive used this on the phone, wifi and tv. It has not worked at all. its as if it has been put in a bag and put in my car and never taken out. it is extremely flimsy ive had to make two trips out of town to have it fixed.  i used to be a life time tech support person for the company and i am embarrassed to say that i used this and now ive got to go do a job with out it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this device expecting it to be something that could help my son learn how to use a computer, but was very disappointed when I first got it. There were problems even after the manufacturer had fixed the original problems. When it came time to charge the computer, it would sometimes be unresponsive to power. I had to unplug it to get it to work again. The USB hub didn't work. It just didn't charge. I thought it might be some kind of cable issue, but once again, after the first charge it would fail to charge. In conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this product to a friend unless you really know what you are doing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This was my second!!! I bought this item for my wife and I as a backup camera and we were both satisfied with the performance of the camera. I did however have to purchase the extra batteries because the first one was the only one I could buy and the second one had to be a second one because the batteries died.  5 5 No need to rewire This is a great value. It works perfectly as advertised. No need rewiring. I would use it every day. . 's great camera that is a bit pricy  1 1 Great quality. I've used this for over a year and still have the same picture. I use this camera for shooting wildlife, weddings, events and more!  4 5 Very good I am a hobbyist photographer and this camera is awesome. I have bought this for the price that you can't beat for the quality. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was very cheap and very cheap to operate.   My wife had to get a new phone every two months to have her music work with it.  I would not buy this for my wife's new phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The product did not work well. I called Apple support and was told they don't make that part anymore.  I have had it longer than that and had to call and have them send me a different item.   It was expensive to return and more than I ever spent on anything else.  This was probably the worst purchase I have made.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Peeve from Works Great! I have a number of different smart devices. I just wanted to try this. It's really easy to setup and just works great. It is a very clean setup with all the options for my needs. I will definitely purchase again.  Reviewed by Steve from Works Perfect I had never used a smart device in my life until this one came out. I am a tech geek, and the fact that this thing is easy to use and doesn't require any special computer knowledge is refreshing. It took me about 4 minutes to learn everything there is to know. It also includes my smart home thermostat. This is my second smart device. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keypad works great. But i'm not able to press the delete key to get back to the menu when i try.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about A&K MAGNUS MAGNOV R2 / NAGANT MULTI-COLOR MAG-22 Series Airsoft AEG Machine Gun - Black with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike website.  the MAGNUSS MAGNIVA is the latest addition to the MagNus / Mantic series, offering a redesigned bolt-action, full metal, blowback Manticore style machine gun. With fully upgradable firmware, an upgraded trigger unit, and an upgraded internal battery for up to 8.4v, the MAG-NOV will be sure to please anyone looking for a highly functional, well built, full size rifle that's sure to last.The MAGNON MULTIPLAYER / CQB MACHINE GUN features all the same great features as the MAGNHUS or MANTICORE series, but the MAGNUM has been updated with the most recent firmware and a fully upgradiable trigger unit. The MAGNUM will hold the same fantastic rate of fire as any of the MANTICS, but it also incorporates a faster cycling rate of the internal motor, allowing for more power from the bolt to the battery and allowing for better accuracy.The Manticores and MAGNOS feature a standard style bolt-on, fully adjustable trigger unit with the ability to switch between 3 settings to allow for a more precise and repeatable trigger pull. The Mantic-22s also feature a built in rechargeable lithium-ion battery pack that can charge up to 12 cell NiMH, which can be accessed through the side grip or with a special micro USB cable that can connect to a computer for use as a rechargable battery pack or a power bank. The trigger can also be customized to any of 3 settings with the MAGNETIC TRIGGER GRIP.The MagNuss MODERN series features a standard-style, two-stage trigger with the option of a semi-auto or fully automatic firing mode, both with the choice of semi-or fully locked triggers, and the capability to switch out any of five shooting modes and/or trigger weights for a customized trigger pull that can provide more accuracy and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The only reason I still have this old unit is so I can still charge my old laptop.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, April 24, 2016  Good unit  by A Customer from Ontario, CA USA  Pros: Good value  Cons: No battery replacement  Review: Bought this product to replace my battery in a laptop (Nexus 7) I have for almost two years. I had bought a different unit from an authorized distributor in Australia but returned the defective one because it didn't work well enough for my needs. When I came across this unit I thought it might work well for me, but I've found the charging port on it to be poor and unreliable at best. I was so disappointed that I just returned it.   This unit is a good value and it's a good buy at that.  of this product: Yes | Condition: New  Product Reviews: 3  Write a positive review about this product and earn 1500 loyalty points.  a plus by A Customer Great to have a full battery for my X-Box  My X-BOX has a weak battery. This unit gives me a full charged battery that lasts for quite a while. Great for traveling with.  is it a good product by mike from dallas  Rating: Was this review helpful to you?: Yes | No Report this review  good item i use it for 4 hours  i would get a great buy if you can get it in stock on the site and it was in stock in Australia  my xbox 360 has a 2 year old battery and it died  it is a lot better to use this i have been doing this since it arrived in the post last week it is a great item you will not be disappointed  Is this review useful to you?!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   As the saying goes, "if it doesn't work, don't buy it." This was a bad buy, and I am now giving it away. I used my smartphone as my main phone for the last year, and this unit was purchased for its power. However, I cannot use my phone with my computer, as the laptop's touch pad has no power. The screen does not work either.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: newegg
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had mine for about 2 months now and it works great until ive plugged it in and then it just shuts off. it doesnt turn on. it just turns off and then on again. i have to plug it in again. thats annoying but at least it works. this phone should have been free and not had to pay a bunch for it. i hope this phone doesnt turn off.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now. the screen seems a little dim and the buttons are a little janky but its been fine. I tried to connect the power to my computer through the usb port and was unable to do so. the device wasnt charged when i got it and the usb power wasnt being delivered. i was able to connect it through the ethernet port and it works fine. ive connected it to my phone and have not had the problem with the phone but i have had the issue with my ipad.  if it doesnt work i'll send it back and i will also go on the company's website and tell them what a piece of junk their products are and that i would rather pay a few more dollars to go with an aunio. ill probably be sticking with my phone for awhile.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got this phone for a couple months now and its got so many issues I havent really had any use for it, the first issue was theres so much crap running through the USB port theres a big white and red light flashing and when you put in your usb you have to unplug everything you just plugged it in and the phone just goes to sleep and then comes back up it was really annoying to wake it up and plug in the usb and theres no screen to see whats going on. there was one time i plugged in and it wasnt working or i didnt have the charger for it and it just shut off. its been 2 days of being unplugged the battery just drains. theres also this weird thing that the screen will just go off in one of the phones apps so its really annoying, if theres any android phones you know about it shut down when you hit the power button or do a hard restart like a car battery it just turns off, that was one problem I have with it. the second thing was the phone got REALLY hot when its playing games or watching videos it would run the temperature up to 90 degrees which would be super hot and even on the lowest setting it was hot. it even froze a couple times it would turn the screen off but the phone would be right back on and you could still play and watch something. there also was some other issues too like sometimes the phone wont even turn off and will only reboot when you do a soft reboot which was a little annoying. the battery life sucks and it has a weird tendency to turn off the wifi so you can't just connect to a hotspot, and it takes forever to recharge when you need it the battery is also so small so theres not a lot of battery. there is one last issue I have but ive dealt with it the whole time this phone was new the charger that comes with it has to be removed from the phone so you cant leave it in the phone but it takes so long to do that so now I just put it in a usb charger and it charges right away like a usb. you also get a couple of USB adapters and the battery charge up faster and it even shows a number of amps of charge up when the battery level is low
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    First, I love the fact that this is so well thought out. It's easy to set up, the USB cable is long enough, and I'm very pleased that the screen is not so small that it can't be operated with one hand, and the keyboard is also very comfortable. I use it in combination with a Bluetooth keyboard, a cheap USB mouse, and a couple of external hard drives. I am very impressed. However, as I use a very thin laptop (9.4 inches) and a cheap mouse (cheap and not very good quality), this device doesn't fit at all. It is so hard to put in place that I am having to take out the bottom of my laptop every time I use this. Also, the batteries seem to be very fragile and will not last long.   The best thing about this device is that it has an LED display. But the display is very small and difficult to read at night. I could get around this problem by adding a second battery, but that would make the device even heavier and more cumbersome. But I guess I can get around that too if I'm ever bored.  ,   2.5 Stars:   I'm really happy that this product exists, and that it does work. But it's not very elegant or easy to use in practice. I have a pair of cheap wireless keyboards I bought in a box from a thrift store, and this is a lot better than either one. I'm happy with my purchase, but it's so much better that I wouldn't expect it to be a great investment.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This speaker is terrible. It is so bad that it has caused me to order a replacement as soon as I get it. I'm a long time audiophile and this speaker has taken the cake. The sound is flat, the treble is lacking and the bass is flat and not very dynamic. It sounds like someone stuck a speaker wire into an old cassette tape and left it running in a room with a poor amp. The bass is so low you can barely hear it. This speaker will not play music for me unless I use an amp or set it up with a very low gain. In my opinion, this is the worst speaker I have ever had the displeasure of owning. I tried many brands before I found this one and had high hopes. Unfortunately this is a waste of time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I received this item as a promotional item for a college course. It arrived at my place of employment (the university where I was a student) the next day and the software worked fine. I thought the product was great for the price. I was right. My course had been about 4 weeks and I've now used it a few times. It takes way longer to load a file than it does to load with a hard drive. My file server went down and the program was unable to open a file because of a file size error. No more hard drive and I'm sorry for the inconvenience. There was also a problem with the file saving, the program crashed before I could save the file. No big deal but annoying when I did need to save files. My wife and I both liked the way it worked.  Rated 4 out of 5 by John W. from A nice device for a beginner I am a novice with Macs and PC's but wanted something simple to use that would just work. This is perfect. It took me a few minutes to figure out the basics of the system, but the program and the GUI were simple to work with. I've been using it for about a month and it has been working without a hitch. I have two of these so I can access the various files I have on my external drives. The only thing I am concerned with is having an easy way to change the default folders from the normal ones that come with OS X.  it took me 3 days to get to a point where I had enough knowledge to have it work.  I did get the chance to run into a couple of bugs, but nothing serious.    I am now able to use it for a daily driver. I plan on getting a 2nd one and upgrading to a 6 gig drive soon. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since 2007, the battery lasted until 2016. i bought it to replace my sony a6300, but it had been in a war, the sony had a better sound system, so i bought this instead, the sound quality is good on most music, but on some songs, it just sound like someone is screaming with the speakers. the bass has no rumble, no kick drums. ive also tried on the sonex and it has more bass.  this has been a great electronic, i just wish it lasted longer than 2 years.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ If I had a dollar for every time I have to return an electronic device to B&H because the serial number or battery is not the same or because the device has been replaced by B& H but has a different number or because I purchased the wrong model or because my replacement is a different product. I have had these devices since 1986 and I have lost so many of these devices. I bought the first model for my VCR and it has become my all-time favorite computer. In 2006 I purchased a second model. In 2011 I purchased another model. All of them had the same issues as the first and the first models. I now have several more models. They all break. I had to replace two of the most expensive models after losing several of the smallest models. No other store offers replacement or repair. B&h needs to offer this at a lower price and they should also include a return label or some type of instruction manual so you know what to do before you send it back. They are a great store and I recommend them, but there has to be a better deal out there.  Rated 3 out of 5 by jim from OK, not perfect. Works fine for the price, but the build quality is not as good as it should be. In particular, the plastic body is weak, and you cannot slide the connector down to remove the battery. The connector itself is not very sturdy and it is a pain to get the battery out without causing some damage to the connector or body of the product. The display is a little rough, and it doesn't have an LED light on it. I am going to return the product and take it back to the store that made it.  The computer monitor was a huge surprise to me. I was looking at a Dell 27" monitor. I got a Dell 35" monitor after I saw the reviews and decided to give it a try. My first impression was that this monitor is very heavy, but it has an excellent picture quality and very good sound. A few months ago I tried the DVD drive, but didn't like it as it broke with a pop. The last time I tried it, it would not eject. I looked at many other websites and couldn't find a solution. I found several reviews on this product and decided I would give it another try. I ordered the item and tried it on Thursday. I plugged the unit into my computer and turned on the power supply. The screen would
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- A friend and I were talking about the Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 N. After using the tablet for a few weeks, I have to say that I was extremely disappointed. I have used the Galaxy Tab as my primary device since it came out but I have always felt like a failure with it. I would never buy a Galaxy Tab again and I will not recommend the Galaxy for anyone. It is simply a poor product and Samsung should have known better and been able to fix the problems. My only hope is that they will fix it with the update I was hoping for.  I have tried 3 different kinds of tablets for 3 years: - HP Pavilon P600 - Amazon Kindle Fire - Samsung Galaxy Tablet - Samsung Tab 7" I have purchased all 3 different tablets and none of them have been any good for reading or watching videos. I bought the Fire just to see if I could get any video work on it. Well not only did it not work for watching videos but I could not read the text or open apps in the tabs. So I threw out the Fire and ordered the tablet after reading all the reviews on this site. The device arrived very quickly and everything works like new. I do have a very bad habit of keeping everything I buy for 10 days or longer so I had a few things to test before I purchased. Well the screen is beautiful and the tablet is very light and compact. It comes with the app store that I had to install before I could use it. The only problem I found was that it froze after about 3 or 4 minutes of not moving. So it did freeze once or twice. It was a little annoying but not a deal breaker. The battery charge lasts all day and the charging is fast. I can watch an entire episode on Netflix, play Angry Birds, watch 3 hours of Hulu, read a good book on the Kindle and the screen does not burn up the battery like some tablets. I am going to buy another one soon. I also bought a second one as a Christmas present to keep in my son's room. In the first review: ------------- The Galaxy Tab is a very cool piece of technology and the design is very well done. However, I find that the tablet can be very slippery when opened for a long period of time, especially the cover. It becomes slippery and will fall apart after a while. Also, the top cover can pop off when it gets too hot and can be extremely difficult to open. I haven
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The batteries do not last a week with my current batteries. This is a well constructed product, great for the price. It is not an exact clone, as some of the parts have been modified to better meet the needs of electronic devices.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The best one I have ever owned has been my Samsung Galaxy Note 7. After many years of owning and using the Galaxy S III I lost it. I used my Note 8 in my car for months and I lost the battery on the 8. However I got a Galaxy S8 (the new one) so I could have the Note 8 back in the car. It has worked perfectly. The phone is now my daily driver.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This is a wonderful product, but the only thing it does is to make the sound much louder. --------------- I wish it was waterproof, so I can play my bass bass in my bedroom. -------------- The other day i was out in my yard playing my bass and the sound was way too strong. ------------- The other review said it's a good value. ------------ I am very pleased with it, i was able to find the right amount of output with a 9.5 inch woofer. -------------------------- It's a bass that will get all the girls talking. --------------------- This sound is much more like a drum kit than the other basses i have bought. ------------------------------- I've bought this bass a few times now. _________________  Rated 3 out of 5 by KK5 from Very good for the price. I bought this 3 days ago and it's working great so far. However, one of the bass drivers came out of the box without a cover (they should have made it in a different color) which made it pretty hard to mount. I think I'm going to buy a cover for it. It's still not as good as some of the other more expensive basses but for the money it's not a bad deal.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for 3 years and ive never replaced it and now my ipod 4s is a brick and my phone is dead, all i can say is this is junk..ive had so many ipods and iphones and these are the only ones that work the first time but then you have to return it.. the last thing ive ever wanted to buy is this crap  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from Worked fine for a bit, but then I got a newer one and now it is not. I've had two iPods with this exact same battery since 2012. I also own a Samsung and I've always had good luck with that battery. But my current iPod with the old battery (from a different device) stopped working after about 6 months. Now I am back to using my iPhone 6 Plus which has the same battery from when I first got it and I am so confused as to why it doesn't work. And even if it works, my iPhone charges fast so I am thinking maybe there is something in the battery. I'm returning the iPod.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to go with my ipod to listen to music but I can't connect with the ipod as my audio cable is too small for the device it came with. It would be nice if my ipad would come with a 1/8 inch jack so I can use it with my car stereo.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After having a very poor experience with this product (and the rest of the B&H site) i am going to take my business elsewhere - it has been horrible all the time. Very disappointed with the service from B&h! I am still not 100% sure I will be going back, I hope i never do.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My old iphone 4 was working perfectly. This new phone was so much harder to use! It was hard to get to the volume buttons, they were just barely hanging by a thread. I couldn't even start my phone! I couldn achive the lock screen. I've been looking for the iphones with ia phone. The iphon 4 is so hard to use!! It was a shame to go through so much trouble to get the ia phones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The best way to describe the "Bose SoundLink® Mini" is to compare it to a cell phone. If you need music for work/study, then this is the perfect solution for you! But for the average music fan, this is an annoying device that takes up a lot of room. For example, if you are in the middle of the house, and you want to listen to music on the porch, you can't easily put this in your pocket. I can't think of a good reason why you need it. You would have to be a huge music fan. I would much rather have a better speaker from another brand, and a proper microphone, and speakers from the Yamaha YM2712 and YM1218.   PROS: - Very small and light. - Easy to carry. - Compatible with my smartphone. - Sound quality is good. CONS: - No mic is included. - Very little power supply (1) or (2) to run your music. - If you are on the go you will need a charge. - No volume control on the front of the device. - You can't control music by the volume.  by Patrick J. on 04/06/2017 byon 04/6/2017
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The monitor I bought does not work properly. I purchased the monitor in January, and got it on Monday and it started working on Wednesday, however the second display is completely blank. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a couple of these and they are absolute junk. i bought one off ebay for 25 bucks. i got the first one, and it died in a couple months. it was a very old model, no wifi. i replaced the wifi module with a usb mod. that solved it, however, it took me a while to get the second one. i would just as soon buy a macbook pro and go back to the old way of doing things. i'm a computer programmer, not a designer, so i don't have much experience with analogs. ive done the work, and i dont think i would use these in an analog system.  they have a terrible price for such a poor product, and they really stink. i just think it was made in a hurry. i hope my advice helps some of you out there who may be considering this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 4 days now and its completely dead and cant be used without any batteries.   I was buying this for my son's first laptop to replace a old one i had that wasnt working anymore and it wouldnt even turn on. I replaced the hard drive, cpu, motherboard, ssd and even added an xtension cable.  , this is a very weak unit. I have to re-solder the 2 connectors.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you have a very expensive laptop and want to do serious computing, the M50 is the device to buy. However, if you are on a tight budget, or need to buy a cheaper device, then you probably don't need the M70. The M70 is a very capable and affordable device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I am a very avid computer user, with about a thousand PC's in my home. My laptop has gone bad (battery is dead and will not start). I called the tech support at my company, the answer is, "I don't know". I sent pictures, I explained how the laptop did not work, the guy just said it is very hard to repair such kind of computer, there is no fix...!!! After that, I had to pay $65.00 to get the same computer fixed by a friend who was a professional who knows the ins and outs of repairing electronic devices, the tech did not care to help and left the laptop sitting at home for the next month!!!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, December 12, 2007  great product  by A Customer from Middletown CO USA  Pros: easy to install  Cons: price and shipping  Review: This works great, was simple to install and works just as well as any other laptop  was this review helpful to you in anyway? yes no
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is a nice product, but if you want a good camera with built in audio, go buy one of the newer Canon cams. You will be sorry you never bought this camera.    A Great Purchase  by Anthony from California  Pros: Compact, Great price, Good sound, Battery life, Great lens Cons: No lens cap, I really wish that there was a way to remove the flash, so you can get close to the subject with no need for flash, also the shutter button is very hard to use. Other Thoughts: Overall a great purchase. I love this camera and would recommend it to a friend
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  If you want to record the show live and you don't have a mic, there are a number of good, inexpensive inexpensive digital recorders. The mic is not the problem. Here's the recording I did for this article:  I have a few more comments. The show was very good. I've been to two of the shows and one of the guys I met backstage has made it big. I also met a singer who went on to play on the tour that was great. The shows were well worth the price. I also went to a concert with the band the Dead a few years ago where they played an opening set. The guy who is in the video for this song is from our town. Thank you, I look forward to the next show.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this since 2011 and its been the same issue ever since: it cant connect to my macbook pro via wifi because it cant reach the wi-fi network without a password. ive tried everything possible. its the same as every other time i buy a apple product.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It has a good battery life but it has a low capacity for it's price range. I have been using it about a year now and I wish it had a larger capacity. The charging cable can be difficult to use when you have to plug it in when it is already plugged in. I don't get to use the screen on the back of the phone enough to be able to take notes but the camera is good and the phone has enough power for normal use. I can only recommend this if you are on a budget and need an affordable portable camera with a decent battery life.Read full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this for a couple months now and its terrible. the usb port wont work, the display doesnt work at all, the touchpad is terrible, the keyboard feels loose, the speakers sound bad, the battery doesnt last long, the microphone is bad, and there is no cd drive. i just want to send this thing back to the store and get my money back. my credit card will not accept this and if it doesn't work on the next purchase i will give it to a friend to get it fixed. and this is the first time i have even heard of an apple company that will give a refund when the product is defective. if you want to go with apple for anything the money was worth a second look.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for about 3 months. its a great unit with tons of features. it has a good build quality, the buttons feel good, and its battery lasts pretty long. i wish i'd gotten a different one but it still works. i can't comment on the sound since i dont have the speakers, but i can see them not working for some people. i dont mind a sub as long as it sounds good. it also has a great remote that is also pretty easy to use. i recommend it as a good device. i would give it 5 stars but the remote needs a redesign or it will be hard to operate without a tablet
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the ihe m5 for less than a year now but so far its had nothing but problems. this is my 2nd iphone and it was the best, but now im not sure i can trust the i7 in the future, but i bought it anyway. i hope someone else finds this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It's not so bad that it hurts my ears or my brain. The only thing is that my laptop has not been able to recognize it because it only has the A-type connectors.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive got a Samsung I9500 phone that can be taken out of its case. but the battery keeps dying. it needs to be recharged from an adapter. then it will work for 2 days but then the battery starts dying after that. if that had been a usb stick or something its better. its like a laptop that only works in a specific usb port.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a month now and i cant stand it. it stinks and its hard to use. it has about a million problems. it vibrates, doesn't turn on. the charging port doesn't work. the display is a joke. i dont recommend this thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     The device is ok but it is very slow to charge.  If I would do it all over again I would pay more for faster speed. I have 2 chargers for this device so I have no choice.  (Posted on 2/20/2017)  Great product with fast shipping   Love this charger. It's an easy to use device that charges quickly. I use this for my laptop computer and my tablet. It gives a good amount of charge for those devices and the USB is good for anything you would want to charge with a USB. (Posted 8/17/2015) , Great product with speed and power, This is a great charger that charges fast and uses power efficiently. I use it with my Samsung galaxy tablet and I'm very satisfied with this charger and Samsung's charging solution. ( Posted 11/27/2014)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought and used a lot of this type of device. the thing was always off. i replaced it. no problems until i tried to connect the charger on my iphone. the usb connector would not fit. i had to pull the device apart. there is no way that i will be buying any more. this thing should be replaced with a usb type C or d.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  i was looking for a new iMac and decided on this one.  When it got to the check out the tech started telling me all about it and i told him how many times he told me he had just replaced my old one and it never failed to boot up.    i just wanted to get on with my life.  It worked for a while and it seemed it would be ok.  when it failed, I had to wait and go back in to get another one.   I told my husband to take a look and he was in the car.  the screen was gone and i could only read the black screen but i did have an external hard drive.  he got it up on his computer and it was fine but the power button didnt work.  i didnt bother and thought i might be just lucky and i would be able to get it up with some good luck.  but after the second time i got up, and tried to turn the computer on i could not get the power.  I was on hold for 20 minutes but the other people on the phone had no clue what was going on.   after 20 minutes, i called apple.  they told me that they had a faulty product and to contact the vendor.  then they told that they would send me a new one and i just had to pay for the shipping and to put the old one in the trash.   so i called the vendor and they said they would not let me have a new unit.  after 2 weeks my iMac had to be returned.  The iMac that i bought worked and hasnt failed since.  this one was just too bad.   i have been looking for the same product and i know it will not work.   all i will say is that i will not be buying this product from apple.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a month. i have had problems with it. the first problem, i couldnt turn on the usb cable. when i turned on it, it said that its not in usb mode. it told me that the usb cord doesnt work. now, after changing the cable, i still can't turn on it. this problem has been happening ever since i received it. i bought the usb adapter because it was a usb charger that has a usb socket. i don't know if it is just me, or if everyone else with this device has had the same problem. it's a little expensive, and it took me a while to get it working.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I use this product every day. It has been good but it is a pain when the usb connector breaks, as in when the screen goes black. It happens so quickly it is frustrating. I have bought a replacement and the battery is bad also.  No more problems:  I just returned my i7 920 and went to this device. I am on day 4 and have been so very impressed with this product. It is very responsive. I use my computer more often than I did with my old model and this is a great replacement. I cannot believe how much better it works. I feel the need to say that I also like the fact that I can add it to my travel kit and not have to worry about it running out of juice before I get to a hotel and need to charge. I also love that my old keyboard did not work well when it was on my laptop.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the t3c for about 2 days and it finally decided to go dead. it wont wake up, its just a very dead device. i took it back to the store and they said it would be shipped back to me. and it wont even come to the nearest store, but instead to the next store over 1 hour away. i had to pay shipping and pay for a new device to come in. ive also had a t3d for almost 2 years, and it works every time i turn it on. ive had to send it to the same store to get a new one because they didnt have a battery for it. i dont even get any support from the original companies on their products, when i do get support they give me the wrong model or the wrong part for my device. its been like this for 2 years.   The quality of the battery and the charging circuitry on the t4 and t5 models has been improved over the t1 and t3. However, the charging and charging indicator light does not work. Battery charging is also not fully charged after a period of time when connected to a computer. It is difficult to fully charge the batteries. The battery capacity has improved in the t5 and t6 models. The charging circuitry has also improved over these models.  A lot of improvements have been made in the latest versions of the t6 and t7 models. However as of November 2016, these models still are not fully compatible with computers, including Windows 10, Mac OS, Linux, and some Android devices.  Read the full review: t5
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I purchased this gadget and it does not work. There is no way for the batteries to charge with the unit on.!!!!! I will give this product a zero but for the fact that there are many reviews and positive reviews that do not show such a negative rating. The battery life is only an hour.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this pc for a couple weeks now. its been an excellent computer. only issue is the touchpad is flimsy. there are other brands that out perform the touch pad on this model. i will give it a 4 stars until the touch screen is fixed.  Rated 1 out of 5 by ck from terrible mouse I've used the keyboard a few times and it works great, but the mouse is awful. It constantly fails to detect my hands. I've also used the wifi once and it still doesn't work (I thought it would, but it just stays in DHCP mode). So sad.  I bought this because I have a macbook that has never been happy with it's mouse. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was very excited to get the new device to replace a bad and old one. Unfortunately it's worse! First I was unable to switch from AC to DC mode, even when power switch was at the off position. When I tried to power the unit off it wouldn't turn off (which is what the manual indicates it should). When I turned it on it started with the battery light off but when it got low on battery it wouldn`t shut off. It also wouldn` t hold a charge for very long, at the end of the 30 minute charge it would get a good charge and start working but the next charge would fail. I would not recommend this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had it for about 3 years and ive always had problems with it. 1st its not powered on when it gets off the wall charger. 2nd its not working on any of my phones. 3rd if you dont like the usb connector to plug in a phone, the usb to usb connector isnt designed for phones. 4th ive tried 4 or more times to get this thing to work and all its worked on is the tv it was for. Im going to throw it out. I would not recommend this to a friend.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   There's a reason I don't carry a tablet or smartphone around with me. I carry an analog pen. Why? I like the ability of my pen to be portable. It's a small, light and fast writing instrument.  I was extremely disappointed in the new version of the Lebra Touch. It was as disappointing to use as my previous Lebra Pen. It is very light and very hard to find, even after it has already run out. It looks like it was not a good idea to use such a small pen in such a big device. In fact, the pen was not very good. If it had been bigger or better, it would have been better. . ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!I am very disappointed in the new iphone 5c. I have an iphones 5.0, and a new 5.5, and am very upset with this new izul-8. It is a very good phone, but now I don't feel like I can do anything with it except send SMS and call and talk. I will not buy a phone again from these people!!!The camera has no image stabilization. I couldn't see what was going on in low light situation. And this device isn't waterproof. I bought it thinking that its water resistance would be ok, but its not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a great unit, except for the fact that it does not charge on it's own with a flat cable. I have tried to solve this issue, by using a regular cable (no issues with the cable at all, but it is flat) and also using a charger, and the unit does not power up. I am having to charge the unit with a portable charger for about 5-6 hours, which is not the time that it should be charging. In conclusion, this is a fantastic unit, but there are problems with the interface that need to be addressed, or the unit should be given a 6 stars (I am looking at the unit's cost).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------> You don't get to change a great product. You get a new one. I have an old device that was great, but now I'm stuck with an even worse one. What happened? I am an electronics geek, and I used to have the best thing in the world. My old computer was a SEGA Vectrex. Now I have a Mac Mini. This computer has a crappy processor. It boots up fast, but then the screen goes dark. After a few minutes it gets better, but not the best quality. The keyboard is also pretty bad. It doesn't work. I can type on the keys, but it's like they don't work at all. I really wanted to like this computer, but after using it for 3 months, I can't even recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the worst gadget I ever got in my life! It doesn't even connect to my computer! I didn't even try for 2 months before my computer was down again and my ipad was broken! This device is just so expensive that noone should be using it!!! I was so disappointed and so angry at Apple. They need to put this thing in the bin with their other worthless items. If I were a child, I would have just thrown it away and never looked at it again!!! I'll never buy this thing again!!!  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about ZAP 2.0 MPX 2-in-1 Firewire USB 2.00 HD Multi-Port Firewire Adapter (Discontinued by Manufacturer) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike: Questions | Discussion page.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought this product and a couple of others to replace my faulty blu ray player and the sound is so bad i can't hear the other movie i'm watching. The music is ok but the movie is almost inaudible. I'm really disappointed with this item.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     If you are going to spend the money to buy this, you are wasting your money. I've had this phone for just a few weeks. And it doesn't even work at all. It will not turn on. I can't even change settings. I'm disappointed and very disappointed. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. It's not worth the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------I bought this product a few months ago and it has been great so far. I have only used it to view my calendar appointments and now I am trying it out for the phone. The phone works great and has been working great. If you're going to use this for your calendar, just keep it clean. Also it is a little bulky, but with that said it is really well built for its size. Overall, it has worked great, the pictures look great and the picture quality is great.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It was difficult to find it. It only comes in the black color. You have to wait 5-6 months for it to be delivered. When you do receive it, it was not functional at all and could not charge the phone. It's only purpose was to look good. Also, its only problem was it was useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The device would not charge at all. I called EVGA and they gave me a defective part for a replacement. But they didn't even refund the full price of the unit. So I waited and called back the day after. I was asked if I was ok with the replacement unit (I was). They said that I would get an email with my shipping label and I should expect a box in a week or so (I have been a customer for a year). When it arrived, I opened the box and there was no email with the shipping label. I emailed and asked for it and they said no. Then they told me to get my tracking number because there was a problem and they couldn't send it. After I called them, they said that they had sent an email and the tracking number was on its way. When the tracking said it had shipped, I still didn't get my shipping address.   They didn't give me my device back and they didn"t even give me a replacement unit. They just didn't want to deal with the mess I created and they refused to refund the money I paid for a defective product. What a complete waste of money!   I have contacted customer service multiple times and have gotten the same response each time. They also wouldn't answer any of my calls and when I tried to contact them online to get a refund. The company also doesn't respond to me or the other customers who are complaining about these issues on the internet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a week and no problems, however, the only way i can get it to work is to have a USB hub with the phone, because all my other apps like email and facebook dont work, ive tried several ways to connect to the phone using various USB hubs. its so annoying to use all my time trying to find my phone, i hope i can find a fix for that. ive heard there are some options online to transfer the data to another device, but its so far.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Mike from Great product Works perfectly.  of the best things i could ever have bought...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first thing you should know about this device is that it's designed to be a speakerphone. The other features, like the speaker, are all there. I'm a bit skeptical of the whole "phone" thing, but this thing sounds great. The audio quality is great (not super crystal clear, but definitely crisp and clear), and the quality of the speaker is good enough for the general public (I know, I've had to yell at my husband when my kids would go to bed without turning off my phones, and I had to listen to them yelling). The other thing I like is that the phone app is very easy to use, and gives you more control over the settings and whatnot. It doesn't come with the microphone though, which is really a bummer because it would be useful. It does have an IR blaster which is pretty neat, but it's not compatible with certain IR devices (like some infrared thermometers), and I'm not sure how much of a problem that really is, but you'll need to download an app to make it work. All in all, a nice little device for your phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this a couple of months ago after trying out the first ones, and after 2 days I tried to turn it on to use the battery but the button did not work. I had to send it back. I am so disappointed because I had thought that it would be the same design as the other one that I've tried. I don't know where it went wrong but if it isn't this one then I don 't know what is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been playing with the tavistock t30/32 for some time now, it works great and it is cheap, and i got it on sale, i do not like it that much, i like my usb to usb, but it is just a bit too big for me and i always got it in the end to make it smaller, but this little thing gets in the way all the time, and if it came out with a smaller USB port i would probably give it another try.  I bought it for a baby monitor because i wanted something small, but i love the feature of its sound, because i am a big fan of all the rock bands from the 60s and 70s. . 'sh  - David H.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have owned my iphone and a few of my other mobile phones for many years.    I have bought and sold some.  My iphones and phones have been a good investment.  I really liked the iphonest of the early iPhone's  .  I was very excited  to get this   iPhone   when i saw the new   design.  But  my ipad is not   charging.  This  phone   doesn't   have a USB cable to charge.  They do not sell any   USB cables.  If you have any idea what you are doing with this  phone, you are going to have some bad problems. I have a   professional repair   company   that is out of business and I need some work done.  The battery will give out before it can be replaced. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- It took me a while to figure out that the headphone socket on the back of the headset does not lock into the adapter/sleeve; when you put the headset on the adapter it locks into the sleeve and you have to re-insert it. The adapter/shoulder strap also has a tendency to fall off the back and fall on your legs. There are no extra adapters to use. I've had to buy a new one from Wal-Mart, about $50. A new headset is also needed if you want to go over 50ft with the headset, the old headset was no longer compatible with the new headset.  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 3 Found Helpful  Paul B. .  the new head sets are a must have... and the new v4 is a good upgrade over the v3 that comes with it. it is very easy to get the headset together and use it.the new head set comes with extra adapter so you can use a different headset with it or you can get a headphone adapter for the adapter if you don't like the one you get. i use my new v2s for work and my old v3s for home listening. the v4 works fine for home.  and there is no way that I could use the v2 without it. the best thing about the new and better v4 headset is that the ear pads are so thin and comfortable, that I can use them without wearing a pair of my regular glasses. you just wear the headset over your glasses with the earpads in it.  of the 3 I have purchased for myself...  Was this review helpful?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A very poor electronic device that needs to go away.   It is made by a company that sells these type of products all the time with no problems at all but this product has some very serious issues.  These are the reasons why this electronic device is a no go.  First off the power output from the AC adapter is very weak it needs a strong power source to get the output it is designed to get.  If I plug in my tablet or laptop battery it doesn't turn on so I can only charge my device if it is connected to the wall outlet.  When you plug in this device all of the wires go into the AC plug on my unit it is not the one that comes with the unit.  The two things I have seen on several posts of the internet is one that says that you can fix the problem by taking the unit apart and the other one that said that you should buy a new one and have the AC cord changed to the new one which works for a lot of people.  I did not try to fix it but the unit was working fine when I first bought it in September and now it will never work until I buy a used one from an electronics store.  One last thing is to make sure to get a working charger on a new unit it might not come with one as the unit that I have is working but it is getting a lot less power than when I bought it so I have to buy one now.  Overall I give it a 1 star but for what it is it does not deserve a 2 star rating.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It's just the same as a old  cassette recorder. I've used it many times to record our music and I've never gotten a good recording. It's useless. Review of: The Voice Machine  by R.W.M. I bought this device to record my piano. I just like to play the piano and that's all this device does. I would say it sounds good. But I haven't had a chance to record anything else yet. This thing is a waste of money.  I have nothing but good things to say about the Voice Machine.  "I can tell you that I like it, it really works well. The fact that it's wireless is a nice added benefit, and the fact that you can plug it in and start working right away is great! " "It's a great instrument for the beginner, and a fantastic instrument for advanced players. " Review by: David L. - Music Technology Hi I've just installed this machine on a Yamaha PSR-8000, Yamaha DX-80, and Yamaha SR-30. I have not yet used it for recording, but it has been set up to output WAV files as a MIDI recorder. This machine is very good. The only thing I can complain about is that they didn't make it so the cord can be easily plugged into my computer. Otherwise it is easy to use. Also, I would prefer the battery be replaced if it does start to fail. The voice machine has a very nice touch on it. I'm sure you get a lot of people using this for recording. Thanks for making such a nice product. You can find the manual for the Voice machine here. http://www.motorola.com/voice Review - A good microphone for any DJ'ing Review from: Steve Smith - DJ Magazine Hi guys, I've been using an Audio Technica mic for quite a few years, so I am really excited to get the new Sony mic. I do a lot from the turntable, but most of my mixing is done from my computer, with my keyboard, and then a small mix console. This Sony mic gives me an excellent mix in terms of the quality of the mic's sound and the quality and clarity of the source. It sounds really great in the background without being overly obvious. I can't wait to find out what it can do for
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the sony pro 35 since its release and have had several problems with it since i got it in November 2013. The main one was a sound problem in the earbuds when i was traveling around the world with them. the second is that the s3's can't handle the battery life of the pro 35 so i ended up purchasing a s2 s3 with my s4. I still love the pro35. but i dont know that it was a good idea to give them to people as if its their main phone. i mean come on, it cant even handle the audio problem?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a while and its fine, but its not an mp3 player, it's an mp4 player. theres no app for it. it was a real pain to download the apps. and its so flimsy and light weight. i wish i wouldve waited for an ipod or an ipad or a macbook pro. i can not believe that they even sold it. i feel like they didnt think that theres a market for it at all.   i had to pay like 35 dollars to get this back. so i was pretty upset, i guess im lucky that i didn't get ripped off like other users.   and i dont even feel like listening to my music with this, there is no volume control. i have an ipodi, and that works much better. this is a piece of junk. dont buy this thing. its a waste of your money.  by Mike from Litchfield Connecticut on 12/10/2012  A nice compact mp3/wav player that is extremely well built and works flawlessly. It is also very easy to use! The buttons are very easy for someone to learn. The speaker is very loud and the device is very easy on the ears. The device does however have some annoying bugs and one of the most annoying is when you are recording you can't take another photo, so you have to restart it. I had to wait for another one to come in so that i could take another picture. Also it is very sensitive to music quality. When you change the quality to high it will lock your music. When i changed the quality down to medium it works fine. Other than that i don't have anything bad to say.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I would have given 5 stars had it not stopped working in a couple of days.   Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an e-reader for about 3 months and after an update I have had about 3 weeks of sporadic power failures. i am waiting for a new one to come in so I can send my old one back. they all keep turning on and off when I open or close the cover. when this issue first happened I thought the cover was not securely closed on the battery. I replaced the cover because the problem is not a battery related problem, and I have never seen the cover or the battery so close together. now I know it is a cover related problem. ive read and learned the e-book is one big battery that is not rated for this kind of usage (read in a library or library book) and that is why it keeps shutting off. it was a bit shocking when the battery literally fell apart the first time it failed. i was able to clean up the dust from the cover and I was surprised how good the cover is. I will keep this as a back up e-ink e-reading. It is fine for a while. I hope I am never without an ereader again.  Write a positive review about an excellent electronic device : this is my 3rd electronic device. It's very light and easily holds the ebook format. The covers and the body are both very thin so they don't get scratched easily. When I opened it, I didn't find any damages, and the battery appears to be in excellent condition. My only complaint is that the battery does not have an AC adapter; it is powered by plugging in to the wall. Otherwise, it is very good, as far as e-books go.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I've been using a Mac Mini since the time of the Mac Pro. It was my first computer and I really loved it. Then it stopped working. I'm trying to find out why it stopped. So far, no luck. The Mac mini came with USB 2.0, but I can't find the cables to connect it to a Mac. I used to like using it. I have it hooked up to my TV and it is perfect for watching movies and shows. I would love to be able to buy a second computer like a MacBook, but then I would have to go through Apple and go to the extra expense of finding the right cables. I am so disappointed in the Mac mini.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this is the WORST tablet I have ever owned. The tablet was supposed to be waterproof and durable. But, after a year and a half I have no use for it. It never even stays connected to my computer and it was hard to remove the battery from the case. Also the screen is flickery and will go out and you need to charge it in a different case to get back to normal. I don't know what the heck Sony is thinking with this design.  Verdict:    The Tablet has a huge problem. It's price The product is really amazing but if you dont have a $200 tablet, don't buy it. You're better off spending the money and buying something more stable. I also have a 10.1-inch Android tablet. I love this thing but the only thing holding me back from buying a tablet that is cheaper is my wallet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought this to replace my laptop computer which has an older model hard drive. It's amazing how easy it is to replace this. All it took was a few minutes and I was back online. This was a great purchase. However, it's not quite perfect. It does not seem to like a larger hard drive so if you have an external hard drive you may have to buy a second hard drive and install it yourself. However this can easily be fixed with a few files and a couple hours. Overall, the purchase was not a bad one.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I'm very happy with my PNY XM-L2, although the screen is a little small and the button layout is a bit weird. But overall I'm very satisfied with it.   and so on...   So I bought this thing. It's very easy to install, has no trouble with power or connection, and the software is simple and easy to use. I was able to download some apps in the last hour, and I have no problems with the battery life. It works with my PC and a laptop without any problems. This is the perfect product for what I'm using it for - playing with a laptop, not watching movies. But I can't recommend this product unless you like to spend money on things to make your computer more fun. I've got a few different models on Amazon - each one is a different brand, but all of them seem to be great value for the price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- The only problem I have with this is the battery life, it lasts about one week and it dies after about 3 weeks. You can easily solve this with the use of a USB cable and external batteries, I've tried them and they are good. The only thing I dislike about this is that it needs a case to protect it, I bought a case for the battery and it's a little tight but it does the job. Pros: --------------- Low price, great battery for the price Cons: ------------ No battery life on charger and no case
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    A dead battery is a dead battery. You have to charge it every night or you will have dead batteries and dead phones. I have had mine for 2 months and have had some problems. I will not buy another. I should have bought another. If you are thinking of buying it for the money it may work for you but I would not.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to use as a Bluetooth speaker and i am really surprised. It is hard to turn it on to listen to music because the speaker is so loud and the Bluetooth connection is not strong. I have to plug my headphones in to listen.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used the vg1 for many years now with no problems. it was a good product until it broke. now i have a fc vg. i will have to upgrade and get a better vg (better price on the internet)  Noise - May 17, 2015 - May 16, 2015 Anonymous Reviewed By: This is a good amp. I would not buy again. It gets loud in a hurry and I would like to use it as my main music player.  Love it - May 9, 2015  Awesome product! - April 23, 2015 Reviewed by: Love it... I have the v-max so i am very happy with this product. I used to use a cd player but since I got this thing I cant complain... this thing is awesome!!  Great Product - March 28, 2015 By: The quality of this amp is amazing! I've never had an issue with it at all! I use it mostly as an acoustic guitar amp though. I can't believe that it still works so well.  of course you could use another amp in that position but that is not the point. This amp works for any sound you could wish to put out from that position.  a lot of power to handle your sound needs,  amazing for the price. 's are very good, so it is not really necessary that a higher quality amp be used. just go to the amp section and you have a good amount of power for all needs. it is very good quality.  at least you dont have to spend much more than that to get a higher level of sound. . 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   After a year of using this I am sad to say that I am ready to take the electronic part off. It's too slow to be a workhorse, and I can't even get anything done when it's in my hand. Not even the basic task of changing the batteries! I'm so sorry, Samsung, but you lost the plot here. Don't do this to me again!!!  I've had my phone since it was brand new. I bought it for it's great battery life. It was just a normal day that I had no problem using it for hours. But after using this phone for 2 weeks I can barely get through 3 hours of screen time before my phone gets hot. Not like my regular phone that I used to love but this thing is not usable for more than 5-6 hours at a time. If you are trying to be an all in one phone but don't need all the bells and whistles it might be a good choice. But if you want to get everything a phone needs. Then you are better off just going for a standard phone.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I purchased this about 6 months ago and  it has been a failure thus far. I'm not using the iSine because it's way too small.  It only has the ability to do 6 seconds.    The battery is terrible and I will not get another.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive tried all kinds of cell phones, ipads, ipods, pcs, tablets, psp, ipod, a ipad, ipad mini, ipa, and ipod touch but this is the best. I love that you can use it with just your hand, but its not the best for a tablet as it's too large, so I only ever use it for my laptop and phone. I also really like the fact that it has a battery that is replaceable. i know there are other batteries out there that are made by Samsung but i like this one because of its smaller size. Also, the design of the device is very sleek and unique.  I have had this for about three months now. I LOVE IT. The battery last the entire day, and the buttons are well put together and easy to use. It's small, so it is hard to use with my big hands, but when you get the hang of it, it's really great.  The battery is a little slow to charge, but that's not a big deal because you can keep the phone in a pocket to charge it. I usually charge it on the day of use, so its not a problem for me to do that. The phone comes with a power adapter, charger, and a case. The case is made very well and fits great on this phone. The buttons are a little hard to press and it might be hard to hear, but it works. Also it comes with the battery charger that I got. Overall, it is a good phone, not the nicest but it fits my needs very well. -Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this item at Best Buy, but I have been in and out of the store 3 times because the computer that I bought the first day works great, for now, but is too slow to play games (i use it for my work, i had to send a message to one of the sales associates at the store) The second time I got it, the screen went blank so it couldn't recognize the USB port, I had to unplug the unit. --------------- The third time I went in for repairs it was because the motherboard had a problem, the other time was because I accidentally touched the wrong button on the computer and it locked up. I don't know if I will ever use this product again, the price is high, and it does not work well, and the customer service is horrible. I will NEVER buy another one.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I first got my X1D, I was very pleased with the device. The quality of the device was very good and it was well built. I have used it for years and it has served me well. Unfortunately the battery life on my X-Series X1Ds is very short at 5 hours. It will die in 2 hours. My X-series X1 is over 30 years old and this is disappointing.   This is the best camera I have ever had I've owned over 10 digital cameras, most of them being digital still cameras. I've had several other digital cameras. The best in all regards is the X-1D Mark II. No, it's not as good as the X100, but the X1s is just as good. The X1d is a great device for my use and I recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It took forever to make this! The plastic part had to be taken out of the unit, and it still had a few bugs. First, the power button on the back isn't working. It doesn't turn on, it just stays on. Second, when you go to the memory card, you have to first unplug it from the computer. Otherwise the file will just sit there! Finally, the phone doesn't respond when you press the button on it.   If you think that you will use this unit for the last time, get rid of it ASAP! You'll regret it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about a year now and it works pretty good but i use it all the time. i dont like the battery life, i guess i dont need it but i have to recharge it when i forget to put it back in the charger every week. one day the phone wont turn on when i touch it and i cant get to recovery mode, can someone please help me? i have no other options. my son loves it and now he wont play with it until it goes back to factory settings. i know it is a $600.00 device but i think its only $10.00 a month for that poor battery life.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, July 17, 2012  Worked as advertised  by A Customer from New York, NY USA  Pros: Well priced  Cons: Nothing  Review: Used this for 2 days and then the display was going to go back to stock. They changed the battery to an I.P.C. which does not allow for backlight adjustment. They also changed the name to "Smartphone" and changed the backlight to a white LED which makes the screen extremely hard to see when the display is on for too long. ,  Not to mention there is a dead battery located at the bottom of the phone which will not allow you to turn it on. The battery replacement process took two days and cost $39.  for $70.00 this phone could have been replaced.  as you can see i have already returned this and purchased the Moto X.  I would have thought that after the first complaint about the poor battery the second one would have been easy to fix. Not so.  the second phone did not work after a day.  has been a good price but i do not recommend it  was this review helpful to you? Yes No Monday, April 14, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this item at walmart in january 2011. It took me a couple weeks to get it working because i had to go to the hardware store to get some old parts that were no longer in production. I took it apart and tried several of the cables on there own website, and then got them all connected and I ran it through my computer and I was on the internet like a champ. I just wish they would send more out! I now know why everyone has been asking for the mac mini s 2.0 to come out for several years now. That thing is a joke! It was only $80 and a little bit more if you buy from walmart.   My suggestion is to make the mac s 2.0 as simple as the mac pro 4.0. Make it cheaper and make it a universal computer. That way you will not have to pay the premium of being a pro computer when the whole family can afford it. I also believe the s3 is a better choice for most people in the US.   be sure to buy it with a case if you can afford to   One complaint...the USB cord is too short to connect to my computer   Did you find this helpful? 2 of 2 Found Helpful  Matthew  5  Reviewed by:from on 9/5/2011
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is not a good camera. There is so much lag and picture is blurry. I have a GoPro Hero 2 black with a Hero 3 black and the results are the same. I will never buy a camera again. If I buy another GoPro they will need to be upgraded to a 4k version as well. I am sure GoPro will make a 4K one in the future but it will be too expensive for this model and I will not use it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: alyssa_p
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    My wife wanted a mobile phone to use with her PC, she got the Samsung Galaxy S II but is is very slow, hard to use, has terrible battery life and is no fun.   Please don't sell this!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this thing twice and once it was very unreliable. i lost my wallet and some of my credit cards, and my cell phone, a year of my life gone. i can't even get an internet connection with the device. they have tried to address it but there wasnt anything they could do.  Did you find this helpful? 3 of 4 Found Helpful  (Verified Buyer)  Gabe  5  Reviewed by:from New Jersey. on 6/21/2013
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** This is a terrible product. It does not even come close to the quality of the $5 mp3 player. I bought this for my child who has learning disabilities. The music player had been broken for over a year. This is the first time it's been used and it plays music poorly. I'm very disappointed in this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was not happy with the sound quality. It sounded good from the start, then after a while the sound was getting worse and worse. Also the volume was low and the buttons were not responsive at all. I had to restart the device three times. The sound is better when you use a headphone and if you're not a fan of headphones, there's also a Bluetooth version.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I really loved the first iPod touch. It was great, and it lasted me 7 years before needing to get a new one. --------------- However, after about 6 months, i started to notice some of the songs that i had saved would start to play again, but this time they were a lot slower, and the volume was way down. ------------- I also have a newer iphone, and after the first couple weeks of using it, my music is starting to play a little slower now, and when i want it to, it just will not play the music i want, instead it plays it like before. ------------ After 2 more months of using this iphones, i have been completely lost on what to use as my media player. -------------- I've tried the newest ipod touch with all the new features and its like they are trying to put a Band-Aid on it. ------------------------- When i play music from my ipod, i can tell when it was in use by the songs are not as loud and its not playing as loud. ----------------------------- i just can't use this ipod anymore. i got it 2 years ago and have been using it everyday. i've had to replace it several times because it started to fail. ----------------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this thing is absolutely worthless!  It comes with a USB cord but no cord adapter.  The usb cable is fine but is much too short.  The USB port on this thing is extremely limited and it will never ever work.   After a few tries the phone just will not recognize it.  I tried using the "wifescam" app but it just freezes up with a blank screen and an audio recording will always be muted.  Now I am not even sure if I am getting a camera.  No way will I be using this and I would never buy another camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this device for a month or so now and I can't say it's a success. The phone will not go in to a case and it's always broken or dead when I need it to be. The battery life on this is pathetic. It last me a couple of days before it dies and I have to do something with it. It's so annoying I've had to do my homework and work on the computer. I'd rather just get a standard cell phone and the charger for that. I will just go with a normal cell phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I've had a good experience with this device but this is not a "good" electronic device. The buttons are not very responsive and I couldn't turn off the computer with it turned on so I had to turn the power off and put it in hibernation mode. I have to put the computer back on every time I want to use it. This is definitely not worth $700. I would give it 1 star if it worked so I would have one for my husband and one for myself. The price is right and the device looks like a good product but for my needs, I would say no.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this computer for about 2 weeks now. it works ok but it does not have all the things i want. 1. I want to change the color of the keyboard. it comes in only the red. i want to use the white one for my computer so i can use it while at work. 2. i would like to see the number pad on the bottom where it says 1 through 9. 3. I would like an option to have the computer not use that hard drive (no spinning disc), but i dont want it to take a long time to load anything. 4. I dont want the mouse on top of the screen, as i want it on the right side. 5. it would be cool to have an usb keyboard built in that could be used with a usb mouse. 6. the screen seems to dim all of the time. 7. i dont think the monitor will last forever as it seems to have a weakness, like the screen will die when the power goes out. 8. i do not like the fact that it uses a DVD or Blu-ray drive, and when i insert a movie into that and then play it, it takes a few minutes to find it. i have my computer set to use blu-ray when i plug it in and when im using the monitor. 9. there is no backlight on the computer. 10. the power button is on the top with the logo, and the buttons are on the side where the keyboard is. 11. when you press a key on the keyboard the screen goes to sleep. i prefer my computer on all the time as it helps me in my work. i bought this for work and i can still use it at home if i need to play games, watch movies, etc. its really not an expensive computer at all, and it is not really a computer but an iphone with a computer inside.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several of these, the bad part is, i get them at full price, i cant get these to work properly, i tried to use the digital display function for some odd reason, its always messed up, so i can no longer use these, im giving them up. ive purchased several of the good ones, however its not worth the price, ill try and give a good review.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this device for my 13 year old and my daughter who had been trying to learn how to use a computer on her own and this device worked fine and I'm going to teach my son and daughter how to do the same with a computer and this product worked fine at one time and now no more.  Noise  By Robert S. on March 15, 2018
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    You have to look for the "best" thing first. I wanted a very good quality bluetooth speaker for a long time and finally got one in the end, but the sound quality is terrible. It is also very difficult to pair. Even if you can find your bluetooth device (in case you forgot your bluethooth) you will have a difficult time pairing the speaker. Even worse, the device doesn't support remote controls. So, if you are thinking about this product because it was cheap and you like bluetooth speakers, don't bother.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is the only e cigarette I've ever tried. I have tried several other brands and the only one I'd recommend is the old E.Lite e cigarettes, the battery life is crap and the taste is disgusting!  Great value for price Very cheap. Very strong, tastes great.  I'm not into e cigs Very disappointed in the quality of the E cig's  It's like vaping old style cigs It's like you are vaping a cigarette that was never designed to be used indoors. .  has the taste and vapor of a cigarette. I'm sure that I am never gonna go back to my old cigarettes. The e cig's are just soo bad for the money.  as far as the vapor is concerned the e cig is very smooth. I would recommend it if you can afford it. I use this product to keep my wife happy. I used it to light my vaporizers, and I would smoke the smoke if it did not smell so bad. I love the taste  No need to buy from other websites!! Just got the 3 packs I bought, for my new mod. This is my first vaporizer. I am a seasoned pro, I've tried e-cigs and all types of vaporizers. I bought this one based on reviews and the price was right. You will not find a better quality vaporizer at this price. My only criticism is the charging port. I keep forgetting to charge it every time. The 2-5 minutes it takes to charge takes my vaping to a new level. Great product, great customer service. The only thing I would add is to make sure the battery is plugged in before you charge it. It takes a minute for me to put it down for the charge, but I forget. ,  Good, but not great I have ordered a couple of these and have been very satisfied. But, the quality just isn't there. I can't taste the flavor of the smoke. I'll keep buying these until I see a improvement. I do like that they come with a spare e cig battery, which I would have to buy separately for a real cheap vaporizer  good flavor Very good taste and vapour. You can't beat this for the price  great flavor. I really like the flavor and the vapor. This one was a real bargain and the quality is amazing!    Excellent! This is a great device. I was looking
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This little toy, with its thin shape and relatively low power, is a dream to play with. It's almost invisible, and makes me smile every time I touch it. However, if you don't like feeling like a "dancer in the dark," this may not be the toy for you. For $9.99, this little toy can make a great gift for your cat and the dog that you love.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the gimbal 2 times and it never works. when you turn the gimbals on it will say 'turn power off' ive gone through 4 batteries and 3 sets of batteries and still doesnt work. i just bought it to try for the first time. ive been so upset and disappointed. i used my daughter's toy to shoot a movie and all i got was dust and a huge white light in the camera. i tried to turn the power on and nothing. I guess you can make a video using the gimmals but its a bad choice, and a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought an eletricity keyboard to go with my mac mini. It works great when i play Quake and some others, but has terrible lag when i type. It is a beast with 10 keys and the keyboard is good, but not perfect.   The only thing is, it will cost more then the keyboard. But then again, i want a good looking keyboard with the best quality of the best.  'this is a good product, and i would say a perfect choice for a good quality keyboard at a good price.  /   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I bought this a few months ago. The thing was great, but then, at night, I started hearing loud noises in the room. They are the sound of the thing working, but at a different volume, than I am used to. I did not want to take it to my local electronics store so I just sent it back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! My daughter tried to use this to listen to her iPod. The speaker went out right after listening for about 4min. The problem is she didn't try to remove it to use it. So I had to take the speaker out and throw it out. Very frustrating. Do not recommend to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:       The sound is a bit low for what I wanted.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a terrible product. I've got this for about a year now and the only good thing is it has a button to turn off the LED so it doesn't glow like it's always on. The battery life is very bad and the sound from the speaker is terrible. I bought it to do my work, and now I'm not sure I can do it at all. I am going to return it and probably buy another.  Rated 5 out of 5 by SLC-R from great product I purchased the Riva-Sealer for my wife and for the most part it's been great. It's easy to handle and has plenty of room to put in my 3 gallon bucket of paint for a lot of time. I didn't expect it to last this long, but it's holding up well, and I have no issues at all with the paint leaking out of it or anything like that. It does take a lot longer to dry than I was expecting, so that has to be considered. For the price I can't complain and I'm glad I got it. : I purchased this item for a project for a friend of mine. I was impressed by the fact that the instructions were in English, and the instructions provided were very good. I have a couple of problems with the product. The biggest is that this product is plastic, so you really have to be careful what you put into the bucket to avoid breaking anything. Also the water level indicator is broken so if you take your time and do the right things you can fill it up from the bottom but if you let the bucket fill up too fast it will overflow. For this reason it is important to only fill it about half way. Loved this for a little project I'm doing. I think it'll last until the next project, and then it'll be the perfect size for my bucket.    Review of 56824  56824 Riva Sealer from Home Depot - 5/5 I am an experienced contractor. I worked as a carpenter for many years prior to this. I knew what I was doing. This sealer was the best I have ever used. I also received all of the instructions with the package. .  the best and only thing I can recommend is buying the large size, that is the only one I have. I followed all directions to a tee.  of course, if you get the small one it is still amazing
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first one   came with a bad antenna and that made it impossible to use without a TV. Now it works fine but it's a bit more cumbersome to use in the living room. The second one  comes with a crappy one so I had to use a TV or computer or a VCR or something to record. I can only record from an external source   So it's not a good replacement for a good TV.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   It took me a while to get used to the new model.  When I first got it I would only be able to record for 3 hours on high mode, then I would have a problem with a bad low battery. - I'm glad I decided to change to low power mode. - It takes a while before the battery is low enough to record on high - So far, I have been able to listen to some of my favorite albums. I've bought the "digital" version (2 hours)  Rated 4 out of 5 by Kjamespam from Works well but not all that bright I got it a couple of months ago and it works pretty well, but the audio quality seems to be a bit weak. You can see it by watching the videos on youtube where you have to lower the volume to hear everything, but even with this low volume, the audio is very weak. If you use this in a dark room, it will probably be very bright, because of the built-in flash. I'm not sure why it has a built--in LED, but it has this stupid LED which turns on and off. So if you have an alarm clock with the LED, that's what's up.  was using this for a while, and had a couple weeks to test it out. I had to buy an additional battery, which is unfortunate because I'd have had to replace the old one (if that's possible). The audio quality was ok (not quite good enough to compete with a higher-quality system), but the video quality was so-so. I am using it as a camera and I have yet to record anything at night, but I'll let you know. I would not recommend this as a portable recordist, though I've seen lots of reviews that suggest that it would suit many people's needs. I'm very happy with it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I have had this device for a month now. ------------- The only things that make this device work are a battery that will last me an entire day, and the ability to change my battery every 12 hours. ------------ A great value for the money. --------------- This has become a staple in my daily life, and a great way to keep track of my daily activities. -------------- This is an excellent electronic device. --------------------------- --------------- If I could change ONE thing, it would be to make this into an external USB device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------------------- I really like my e-cigarette and the battery lasts more then 5 years. ------------------------- I will continue to use my ecig. ------------------------ I will buy another one soon. ---------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  I purchased this product to use as an audio speaker for my ipod touch. My ipod doesn't have a headphone jack, but I do have a portable stereo, and I was very pleased with the sound the speaker provided. However, I was frustrated by the fact that it came with a remote, a usb to mini jack cable, a manual, and the device itself. I did not receive any of these items. It is a very difficult product to assemble and there is not a very informative video online. I would highly recommend you to purchase this product from a dealer that will ship it to you and that will provide you with the necessary information.  No Was this rating helpful to you? Yes  Posted By:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for 2 yrs and has finally failed. The batteries have been going dead after a few months of use. It is not a big deal but the device does not perform at the level I have come to expect from my phone. For me this is a good purchase because of the price. It was the cheapest option and for the battery life the device gave me it did not disappoint. I would purchase it again but I will definitely look for a better battery.  Great Phone for the price Great phone for the money. The phone itself is great with the battery. Very thin and very light.  is it worth the money ive gotten so far I am very happy with it. If i can ever find the charger I will be buying another one  Awesome Phone I got the Moto G. Bought for a wedding. Had it for only a few days and it's already showing great performance. Great quality for the budget price. ,  5/5, Moto G I love my G. For such a low price, it's hard to believe. It runs great, has a beautiful screen, works great as a phone and an entertainment hub. It's not the most powerful phone, but it's still very capable. Best of all, it lasts a long time. I was worried about the "premium" build quality, but I love it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The only good thing I can say about this is that I found a better price on a brand-new USB 3.0 flash drive from Adafruit, which I bought directly from the maker of it.  If it were cheaper from Adast, I might've just picked one of their better, more recent models.   
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------- ------------- ------------- When I first got this thing I thought the battery life was great. But it was not. I had to use a wall wart to power the device, so I have to plug it in from my laptop to charge it. I really thought I was a pioneer when I got it, but now, I realize this is common, so make sure you get one with a wall warts. If you're buying one for the first time, go for the one without the wall wart. I think if you're looking for something that will charge your phone for you, I would wait for one of these to come out and if you like it, then you can buy it. The one I have has an over priced charger and no wall wart at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have only been with this phone for a week and I've already dropped it twice. I would have never paid this price for a phone like this but if I ever want to go back to my old iPhone this may just be what I am looking for. This phone looks pretty much the same as my old one. You can't tell much difference in the screen or the camera.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This camera's picture quality is terrible. I took two pictures, one with the lens cap on and one without. I put the cap on as a reference and with the camera turned off the first picture is a complete disaster. The camera cannot even tell if I've turned off auto focus, or not. The second picture is very good however. I'm glad I had a copy of the original file. The best thing that I can do is return the camera and get the next model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using an iphone iphones since they came out. the iphono jack is an ok feature for the first few years. i had to buy a small cable to connect it to a pc or something to get it to work properly. but the last 2 years i have had to break it off to make it work. ive tried to replace it with other iphontop/inputs but each one i ordered broke at the same time. but thats fine, i just dont buy them. the ipod and other ipod devices are fine but if you have the ipods there are better alternatives. dont get the ipad 2 or the ipads. buy an iPod 3 or iphonog. the macbook pro is also ok. buy something else.  Rated 5 out of 5 by kr1 from i could not afford the ipo so i bought this in hopes that it will work. it does and it is awesome.  to me the ipoc is more like a real guitar then a plectrum. it sounds great and is very solid  5 out of the 5 by jim the master from Excellent instrument for practice and playing. I bought a new ukulele and was looking for a good uke, not knowing about this. Now I am a little more familiar with ukes. The action is fine, and the strings are a bit heavier.  the ipc is very comfortable to play, but the action is a little too high, so I had to lower the fretboard a little to make this instrument work for me. but it does work and I feel a bit more relaxed. Great buy, worth the money  4 out of 4 by mike from good product but not worth the $ i bought one of these for a friend a couple years ago, she is not happy with it. and i have to agree with her. i feel that if you really want this instrument you will spend a lot more money. but i am just going to use this for practicing at home.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have purchased a number of the iKettle and had a really good experience. The kettle is very easy to use and the kettle comes in a nice box. However, in a month of continuous use it has had several leaks, no matter which size of kettle it is. There are holes in the bottom of the kettle that allow water to drip into the kettle when it is in a sauna and my kettle has had leaks while sauna use. The main problem with the kettle is it is not easy to clean and is hard to maintain. There is no place for soap to go and when used in the sauna the soap will get in the seams of the sides of the chamber and will get stuck in them, ruining the kettle. I purchased the 5 gallon version, and it is a very good kettle. However I had to return it because the bottom is not made of stainless steel and I can never wash it because it has some small spots in it that will get on my clothes. For a device that I have to buy multiple times in order to get the water temperature right it is frustrating and would not recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The main purpose of this device is to collect and send data from one machine to another. The software doesn't come with a user guide that would tell me how to use this product properly. I am very disappointed with my purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________________________________________ __________________________________________ _______________ _________________ _____________________  - "You have to put it on the charger so it is at least 90% charged and then plug it in every other day (or once or twice a week). The battery life is a little over two hours on my unit. But, if I leave the charger plugged in overnight and it does not charge by morning, it starts smoking, and my battery life drops to 30% or less." - "I bought my first Apple products back in the 80's. Nowadays, I only buy them to use at work. The latest model is the 12" Retina MacBook Air. The problem is, my unit only lasts for about one hour and thirty minutes before it stops charging and shuts down. I've tried using it with my Macbook and also with my HP 1520, HP 1820 and HP 2720. They all last about an hour. It's really annoying because when I'm working on my MacBook Air, it charges really fast so I can continue working on the other laptops. So I end up spending the night recharging it. My HP 2780 seems to be ok at charging, but doesn't charge fast and takes me a long time to get it back to 100%. I'm stuck at about 45% and it is not usable. My Retina Air seems to work fine, but it's not as fast." - Hi, I was thinking that maybe the batteries in Apple products are defective and must be replaced? So i checked this site: http://www.apple.com/support/product.html and my unit is not listed as a replacement!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I have a samsung galaxy s7 Edge with T-mobile carrier, and i have never had any issues with it but recently i had a problem that took me out of service with them and i couldn't use the phone for a few days, then i received an email saying my warranty would expire in 3 months.!!! So this is a very bad situation because the device works good, it doesn't have any bugs on it at all.!!!! If you need warranty and want it to be fast, the phone should be with a company with good service and warranty.????!!!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this was my second  one in the past year.  It does all the same things as the first  -- connect via usb and turn on.    but it only goes for 15 min.  It was like the first one   -- and   it is   a   piece   that   is  hard to find (i have a  new  micro USB version of it).   But my first   was in use at work   for 3 years and  not   broke   (except the battery.)   My   new   will   work  for the same time!  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a bunch of this thing for about 3 years now and all but one is dead. I get over 15 hours a day of use from it. the biggest problem is the batteries, theyre so poor that the battery would go dead within 3 months of owning it. its sad because its a great little thing but ive gone through more batteries than my ipad battery. the batteries have to last a long long time on this thing. ive read that there are some nice new models out but i cant seem to buy them. just hope they dont get all ruined.  Style of music playing:   This device sounds great. I've been playing my ipod so far on it and its just fantastic. I would highly recommend this device if your looking for an easy way to listen to your music.  and its got lots of cool features,  Sound quality:  great  Function:  (sound quality)  - it sounds great with a great sound of a ipod  its also a great way to go if you want to listen music with your ipod on the floor. the ipod is connected to this device and the ipods comes off of it  (sound quality  function  The only thing that really bothers me is the fact that it doesnt have a mic. If you don't want your music to be heard when you are at the store, or something and you need to talk to someone in front of you on a busy public street, its just as good. If the people in front are rude they can just turn on the mic on their ipod and you will still hear them. But for just a little bit of fun, it does the job. I haven't had any problems with the buttons or controls. It works really well.    Overall I would buy this again, its a good little device, and if you can't afford a new ipod, its nice to have on hand in case you have to listen.  I've had this thing since it came out in april 2011. I just put it to the test the other night and played the album "hail to the chief" and I was really blown away by the sound quality. Its amazing! I would love to have one of these to listen at home or while out and about.  (review of free sample)  the only things that bothers me about it is the ipad doesn't work and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This monitor was a pain in the backside for the longest time. I could not get the screen to stay on while charging it, even though I had all the cables and plugs plugged in. It would just go dark and stay dark. Then it would charge and go back to black. At that point, I decided to just throw it away. The screen is terrible and I would only recommend this to people that can't find a way to charge the thing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a iphone 4s and iphones 5 with it. I use this with my iphon and it works great with my phone but then again iphons are not designed for this type of a camera. I've had it for about 6 months now and the screen is really poor and the camera has very little control. I'm in Australia, and i'm very happy with the camera and it does the job for my needs but i hate the way it is built.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________ _________________ _________ _____________________ _________________________________________________________ _________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  it came with only 1 usb port (3 ports for the cost of a laptop). This means that if you are connected to a router via wifi you need to have a 3 port router as well, which is a shame. The usb cable does not even plug into the usb hub (it is hidden behind the motherboard) so you have to pull the USB cable out of the hub and plug into your computer. Also, the usb port is in the back of the computer so if you don't have a usb hub you will need to buy a usb dongle just to make this work. The USB dongles are a little too big to be comfortable to use.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old computer died, but I got a cheap old flip phone. It does not work. It turns on and works fine, but it is not much. The flip phone is terrible and expensive. The only good thing about the phone is its battery. It has a battery which lasts a long time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I bought this thing because I wanted to get my kids into electronics. I have a smallish house and it has to fit under my couch. I had it set up for them to use it on the tv and it worked fine. But about half way through they went into a playroom and the light went out and the room went dim. This unit doesn't work, only in the living room. I called the company and they told me there was nothing they could do. I then called a repair person who said this could be a problem and he had the same problem. But they could not solve it. So I left a message with them on Saturday, and when I called back Tuesday to check on them they were closed. Not to mention that they don't have a 24 hr phone number so if there was any problems I had to call them back! I've also noticed there are many people complaining on other reviews and I find them really annoying to deal with. I also think that they should have at least put a "helpful" part on there box or at least a picture of the screen if this doesn't solve your problem. It's just hard to work with an incompetent company. I will never buy from this company again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my vtc-ti for about 6 months now and the only thing it has done right is power on and off twice and connect to pc. its a shame, its easy to setup, has low power draw and it hasnt fried my motherboard on any of the other pc's i have connected it to. the battery life is just average. its not the greatest, but im more worried about getting my money's worth out of it than anything.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been buying the phone for over 3 yrs. i've always had bad experience with this phone. the phone died once in 3 months and the battery lasts 2 days...i dont recommend this phone...  Write a positive review about this purchase: i own a Samsung s7 for about a year now. i finally upgraded to the s8 due to the high quality of the s7 and s8. my s8 can't even stand up to the S7, so i was really hesitant on buying the s9 due to these two factors. however, after using the s6 for about 3 yr this is my first experience with the s4. i am glad i did, the quality is still there. also the price is much less than buying both the s10 and s7. i just wish Samsung would consider this a new product like it used to. its no longer as fast as it was in the s3 and it has a lot of issues... .  I have the S8+. I have owned it for almost 2 months now and my device is getting ready to start its 4th generation (I'm an S8 owner as well). I have the original model, so I know it's not a refurbished one. I decided to upgrade to the latest version. The camera and audio are great! The UI is a lot cleaner and smooth. I'm currently using Android Oreo (with a beta version of iOS 9). I find the S9 to be more stable than the S6 and I really appreciate the quick update rate. There are a lot more great things to do with the phone now. This is my favorite phone and I highly recommend it. I have had nothing but issues with the S5. The S5 was my daily driver for so long, but when it decided to slow down, it became frustrating. The battery life has gotten worse over the years. Also, the screen has a "glitch" which is when a pixel turns black/solid. I never experienced it on any other phone until I upgraded to my S8. I just wanted to let everyone know, the S10 and S9 are very good phones, and they are all excellent phones. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The keyboard is annoying when you want to enter a number. The buttons are hard to press.   I don't know why I bought this item. I'm looking for a device that has all the features I need. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i bought this keyboard as an upgrade from my old mechanical keyboard (which is not as good as it used to be and can easily be bent). I wanted a keyboard with macro keys and the ability to switch between 2/3 and 4/5 position. However, after using this keyboard for a couple of months i can honestly say that it is just a crappy piece of junk. It makes very little noise (which isn't surprising given it is made in china) and the keys are all on the back side of the keyboard making it harder to see the keys when you are typing on it. I bought it at walmart because it was cheaper than going elsewhere but even at walmarts prices it is still not worth the money and time i spent trying to figure out what it was. i would rather spend a bit more to buy a keyboard that is made of metal and has a metal plate instead of this junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It is very hard to find the settings that you need to adjust the brightness. It is not only difficult to get it to work correctly, it is also very fickle. I can't figure out how to turn it on and off because I can never seem to get a certain setting. My other problems with this device, it has an on/off light, the on/of light is very weak and I can see a red dot when you are in it. It was very difficult for me to get that dot off the screen when I was writing. I will not buy another Sony device!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I think the problem with this device is that it is a bit slow and a bit unreliable. I'm on a Windows 7 computer with a 1.5Gb hard drive (and I use it constantly), and my Mac Mini has a 2.0Gb drive. My Mac has been doing very well with it and my Windows 7 machine is doing fine. For me, the problem is that when I am in the middle of using it, the battery is very low, so I have to re-adjust the power settings for this device every few days. That can be annoying when I've got a lot of email and stuff going on. If you're not having problems with this, I'd recommend giving this a go, though I'm still having problems getting my battery up to full!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this thing for a year now and i have had the same problems, ive had problems with the connection to the battery i need to be plugged in for a few mins at a time before it will work again, theres no way to make it power up without having to plug it in for hours or days and its the same with the charger and the screen that shows me how long before its fully charged. ive bought a new iphone and i can still use it with the case on it because of the usb connector and how easy it is to use ive found if i let the iphon go to sleep or on the bus or in bed it will not power up because there is a little problem with the usb and i cant find a solution to this problem yet. if i buy another iphones will i be able to use it at my office and at my job or at school? i havent had this issue with a computer and computers werent even invented yet, so whats the problem with these devices? ive been looking for the right device to use at work or at home but im having a hard time finding one without the usb connection, and i have no idea how to get one without one. it seems that in the last year or two i have gone from iphono cartridge to sound card to ipod to i pad to mp3 to ipad to iphonet to ipods and then to this one.   i guess i dont like all of them because i have heard good things about the others but im finding it hard to go back to this.  if ive to buy one over this one i will try to find the best one that will not have this problem.  Rated 1 out of 5 by John from I have never had problems using this product. I have used it with my Sony iPod Touch. I... I have ever purchased any Apple device. This was my first Apple product. First of all this device does not have the charging port as the older ones did. It has the same size battery as the newer iPod touch. This is my issue. So, when I plugged it in with the old iPod touch, it would not charge. I could not get it to charge. The new one worked. So my recommendation is stay away from this product and the older iPods. /content/uploads/2013/03/2013-03-11-Apple-iPod-3-1
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased the device to record a wedding ceremony and the whole thing was a disappointment.  The device was poorly constructed and the buttons were all touch sensitive. , It did take a couple of tries to get the right settings, but once it was done, the recording turned out great. The only thing is, that the recording quality was very poor. It didn't sound like anything else I've heard. I don't recommend this product to anyone, I really felt like it had less to do with the device itself, and more to do a problem with the user, and a manufacturer. .  and here's another review:  After buying my first digital audio recording device, I was anxious to buy the same quality as other manufacturers, but unfortunately it was the same deal. Not sure why they are going to offer you $80 off, but you could purchase a good used model and it would do just as good as this one.   I've only used it twice so far, but the first time was with the audio and the second time I used it as an external hard drive (2TB).  There is no way to edit your audio or video files after they are recorded.  "  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 29, 2014  It works as it should  by A Customer from San Francisco CA USA  Pros: Works as it's supposed to. It also gives you the option to change to SD or HD if you don't have any SD card.  at the same time it does what it needs to do and if it had an SD card it could also be used as a drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery is very weak, and I found that the wireless charging worked fine only once. The battery last for about 10 hours, so a long day at work.  It doesn't come with a charger, but they offer a cable in the box for $4.  The phone itself is quite loud.   Rated 5 out of 5 by dp from Nice, portable Bluetooth speaker I really like this Bluetooth speaker. Its good sounding, and comes with a case that doubles as a charging case. If I could only have one I would probably get the Blue. I have it in my car, in my backpack and in my pocket. It is quite good, but it does take a while to charge. I haven't had much problem with it not charging, but I think that the case was more for the battery.  I like the Blue because it is small, portable and looks good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ***************** I bought this after getting my NEX-6 for $70. I had to return it for no good reason and the box is still in the package. It took about 10 minutes to get to the store and the product was in such poor condition, that I felt cheated. So I ordered a Nexus 7 for my N7 and the quality is very similar to the N7. So if you have a Nexus, you need this to be like the N6. It is not. I wish I would have been able to return the product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have used this to do some audio recording of a band I know who was playing in a local festival. It is the most expensive audio recorder I've ever used. My last audio recorder died after only 6 months. This audio recorder is also the slowest to load and it took almost 2 hours to record an 8 minute long piece of music (a long piece). It is very difficult to find the SD card reader in the camera. The interface does work, but there is no way to use an SD card to store data. I don't recommend this product to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   Had this on a tablet for two months. In that time, the battery just ran out of juice a dozen times. I replaced it three times in that period. The keyboard is great, but I found that I had to touch it for the keys to register. I would not recommend this.  Have had this device for three months and used it with a tablet and a laptop for two hours of gaming. That is how the battery gets down. The battery life is not the issue. The issue is how it gets down (the screen does not turn on). You have to turn on and off the keyboard and keyboard light. There is a battery indicator light on the front that is only visible when the battery is on but not while it is not in use. I bought a spare battery but cannot see where to put it in the device. The screen still only turns on when it senses a power connection. I don't understand why Asus would release a product that doesn't work for any reasonable length of time. I have to charge it every other day in order to have it work at all.  I have the device for two days now and it is still running on a battery that is not even working right now. The display is bright and crisp but there is not one button on the tablet that I can press and it works. It still runs off the battery as well. When I turned the battery off it came back. The bottom of the tablet looks like a battery which makes the device look like one. I thought it was only a minor thing but it is quite a bummer when the phone comes in at 10% it should run for hours not days.  asus zenfone 2 review The device that i purchased for my daughter for her first android device and we just bought the zenfon 2. and all i can say is its the best phone i have ever owned. I was on my way to buy another zenfonce but since it would not be possible without the zfone 2 i had to purchase it. i am very satisfied with this purchase as there are very few things that i would change. if it could have a better speakers i would buy it again. But all that can be fixed with an update in the future if they release a zenfonewone 3 for android. i do not know if this is a problem but when i try to install the zwave app to it it just hangs on me. and on my wife's
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a couple of months now, and i really like it. the sound quality is really nice, the battery lasts forever, and the device itself is small and light. i can actually see the screen from the front, so the only drawback is the fact that the camera is really tiny. the screen is actually so small that it is hard to see at a distance. also, the button on the side of the device seems to get bent a lot, and is almost impossible to use as a regular button anymore (at least when in the pocket). so i wish i had bought a 2nd one, but i can't complain about it. i would love a usb to usb converter though
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've had this for about a year now and it works fine but I'd much rather have a usb cable, a power supply or a charger. I just bought this because I needed something cheap and the size of the thing is perfect for my phone which is a nexus 5x.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- This device is awful for a home stereo system. In fact, it sounds like a stereo system you'd buy at Walmart. Even if the cables don't break, I'd still avoid it. It's a cheap stereo system and that's why it's so awful.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this to play my old analog synths back in the day. i bought a brand new synth back in 2004, and this thing is soo quiet that the whole thing rattles! i used it to program it. it sucks. it wasnt that great, either.   i would have given it 4 stars if they would have left out the buzzer for this thing. it is super easy to program into a loop, it just doesnt work in a real way. they could have added a bit more oomph, but it seems that alot of people love it, but a lot of people are giving it the bad review, cause its so quiet that you cant really tell that it isnt a synth.   on the positive side, its got a great, analogy sounding arpeggiator, and its very stable. i got it after it started making the noises that other people in my music group are talking about. i also got it as a Christmas present, and i really love it!   one thing i did notice, is that there is a bit of noise coming from the left edge of the arpegger, but its not as much as other people are saying. i used to be a guy who used the arp for everything. it made great sounds, and had so much oomphony, and when i got my first pc keyboard and a synthesizer it was like i had the complete package.  but lately the arps arent making that much sound any more.   in all, i dont think that i will go out and buy another one of these, just for the arpes.   a plus is that the arped is really quiet and doesnt make any noise, so the arpas sound great. i have no idea how to program this thing either.     good luck finding a copy of this,   just got mine from amazon.   and im not trying to be an ass about this or anything. just trying to make people aware that this thing sucks.  ,  (I think this may be the original version of the synthesizer used in the movie "Ghost Busters" with Kurt Russell)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought the tablet for use at the office because the ones I had at home were inoperable. The tablet works great for a while but then it loses connection with my phone. I contacted Microsoft about it and they informed me that they would give me a replacement. The replacement never arrived. The company I bought it from didn't seem to want to replace it at all. I decided not to spend $300 on another device. I ended up returning it and I'd recommend that you do the same.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** - 1. *********** - ************* - ****************** - ****** - *  "I have a Sony XAV-W900, and it works well, but the buttons for adjusting the volume are not all that tactile, and the buttons to set the screen brightness are very small. Also, it takes two batteries for each mode. The sound quality, although not good, is good enough to listen to music, but it is a bit low for movie sound. The battery life is about 1/4 hour." - David   I can't seem to find a solution. I have a XAV receiver and an XAVF camera, both of which do the same thing, but when I use the camera as my camera and the receiver as my XAV, the camera doesn't set up correctly and neither does the receiver. Is this just a firmware issue that is fixed by replacing the receiver or does one of these devices have a different interface that it is supposed to work with? Thanks in advance!   My advice, if you want to use your Sony X900 as a camera/XAV, buy the XAVIF receiver or just leave it alone. It will work just fine. But if you like to use it as a Xav, get the XavIF receiver. I know there are some Xav users out there who have an X900 (or XAV), but don't use it for either.  It's working. It's just really cheap.  the keypad in the phone works as it should, it does not reset the screen.   also, you'll probably want to change the audio settings (or if you're a vpn user, you can turn off the audio). there's a slider there that is supposed turn on and off the noise canceling but, it works fine.   of course, with the camera you don't want to have the loud beeps on and no volume controls at all... that's why i've got a little mini-pc i can plug the camera in to that has a button to turn it on and volume. and on the other end it goes to my mini-PC where i have volume controls as well. . I tried to make a USB sound card for the X900, but I couldn't get it to work. I did see it mentioned on a few web sites that I could buy a USB DAC card from the same site as the
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  - You could not make it more annoying than the first thing it did (i.e., reboot it) when it first came out. The second time it came out it did not. (i) 1. No. 2. Yes. I wish it had a removable battery, because if it did, I'd still use it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had used this to read the news but never the weather forecast. I was reading the forecast for the morning and noticed the storm wasn't coming and the temperature didn't change. So I decided to put it back in it's pouch and go about my business. About an hour later it started to rain.  I'm reading in the bag when the rain starts. My head started to pound as the water flooded in. I opened the bag and took it out thinking the plastic zipper might have got torn open. But it was still intact. When I tried to re-close it my fingers were immediately soaked.  It took me 5 minutes to dry them off. If I hadn't been sitting next to the bag I would have drowned in about 10 minutes.  The bag itself is still holding up well after all these years. The only thing that bothers me is that I can't remember if it still works. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a bad experience with the touch panel on my macbook pro retina. it just didnt work well at all, and had to be turned off and on over and over and then it would work once again.   if you get this and it doesnt work you are in for a big hassle and you will end up using it for an hour and a half or more to turn it off and start it back up.   the touchpad also seems a bit slow and cant seem to handle multitouch gestures. the trackpad on this device feels much better to me. i think i will give up on the touchpanel on this unit
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for less than a year and i hate it  Very happy, i would definitely recommend this product.  great device  I have been looking for a good audio quality phone for some time now. I was extremely skeptical of the iPhone 4 as my current device has been the iPhone 3G. The iPhone 4 was perfect, especially if you are looking to do a Skype call or just do casual text messaging. However, the phone had a few things I did not like. First of all, there was no front camera. So if you want to take a picture with your camera it has to be placed on the top of the phone with the screen facing down. This causes a black line on the picture, just in case you were expecting a camera or were looking at a picture that was taken. Also the screen is a little small compared to other smart phone devices and you may have to zoom in to see things more clearly. I just don't care for this type of phone at all. There were a few apps that I really did not care for. The first is the flashlight. It is extremely bright and extremely annoying. I don't need to turn the flashlight on and off, just to use it. It would be better to make it a toggle in a menu so that when you need it you can turn it on. Other apps that were annoying was the weather app and the calendar. You cannot set the time of day for the calendar and the weather doesn't give you a forecast at all and can't be fixed. The only good thing about the phone is the camera, it can take amazing pictures and i have been really satisfied with it so far. The fact that it can connect to wifi at the same time as the phone makes it much better. I would recommend this phone to anyone and just be aware that you will be upgrading to an iPhone 5 for $40 if not more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device works as advertised but the cable is not as strong as expected. I would buy it again but not again under this name
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this at a very cheap price and I am extremely disappointed, for no reason. When I plugged it in it would start with a few seconds of play and then become extremely slow and very glitchy. When it was slow and glitchy I had to leave it plugged in for 5 minutes to get the problem solved. I have never had a problem with my iPod before and this is a total downgrade from my previous unit. This is a definite step down from my older iPod and I will never be using this again and am very disappointed with it.  X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: c-store
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm new to this hobby, and purchased this product because it was the only one I could find that has a 3.5mm input for the sound card, however, it wasn't the one I wanted. It wasn't until the day I opened the box that I realized I had gotten a second version of this same item. The model I had ordered is the model 1, 2, or 3. The version with the 3.0mm input is called model 4, and the model 4 with the 2.0 input is the version 2. However, I was so excited to have the 3 and 4 in my PC that I tried the model 3.   If you are considering buying this item, I highly recommend doing a search online before you buy the item. I bought two of these and both came damaged. There were no instructions, and they don't match any of the descriptions on the website. It was very annoying. It took me almost a year to find a replacement, and it's now one of my worst computer parts. It's a pain in the neck trying to get a working model 4 out of a broken one.  :I'm just going to come out and say it, I'm a terrible human being, but this product is a complete and utter failure. I was excited to get it because it had a 3-pin sound out and USB, but I had no idea it had these issues. I have an old Macbook, and that's how I got into this hobby. My friend and I got bored at the library and decided to make our own computers. One of us was smart enough to order an Apple IIe with the AT/X expansion card, but it never worked. We bought the AT and X expansion cards separately. One day we decided to try and make a computer, but the whole time we were working on it, it was freezing, and we couldn't get the sound working. Eventually we decided that we had to give up on it and just make our first computer using a cheap clone of the Apple II. I wanted to get one of these, so I ordered one and a bunch of other parts from this website. I really did like the sound on my old Mac, and thought it would be a great addition to my PC. The sound card was the most confusing part to figure out. It didn't have an information sticker with it telling me that it was a 3rd version of the model. I ordered
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: -------------------------- "They need to stop this from being released in the US. It is NOT compatible with any of my old Nintendo DS's. It doesn't have any kind of rechargeable battery that the old DS's did. If it does not work it is worthless. The screen is very bright and the wireless function is terrible."
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for about a week and it works really good so far but i was a little worried about the charger since it took me awhile to get the phone to charge for the first time. But once it was plugged in and it was turned on i thought the charger would work but it didnt. So i put it away for about 2 hours and then plugged it in and once again it didnt work. The charger also didnt work even though the phone was plugged into it. I had to pull out the phone and change it out for another that i had on hand. Ive read about other complaints about this product and so far im not seeing them but so far i'm still really happy with this phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got my e-reader for Christmas (used as a gift). I'm using the Kindle app for reading.   My favorite thing about the Kindle is the ability to easily read my ebooks. When the Kindle was introduced I felt great about not buying another e-book reader. I thought it would be perfect for reading my books. But I was sadly mistaken.  , the app that is available for the device does not allow me to read any of my books as I had expected. I've tried different ways of reading and still nothing works. I cannot even read my books from my computer or from the Kindle library on my phone.   and I think this is just a feature of the Kindle. It is a reader device and it needs the ability for a computer or phone to access the books.  :   2 of 3 people have no problems: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had two of these for a couple of months, they are both great but the last one finally gave out. i used to have one of these on my sony ps4 (a sony exps4) and it worked great. the ps4 had a built in battery backup but i wanted an external backup so i got the sony xb3. its great i got it in red, green, yellow and blue and the battery works great, however, there was a problem with this one...the screen kept having a screen flap popping off. i found it on the top of the ssd, and after that it just stopped working altogether. if you really like to get rid of the extra flap, you have to remove the battery cover. it is a pain but if you love the samsung s4 then its worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- I was in the middle of a class and wanted to put a call into my cellphone to check my email on the bus. I pulled my phone out to check the internet and to my surprise the screen was blank, nothing to look at. I checked the phone to see if it was working and I had an emergency. I immediately tried the phone once again, and it works great!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this for a few days now and its a great device but...its really loud when you open the lid. its been the only thing that annoys me about this product, but im sure it would have worked out fine without it, but its the loudest thing you can put in your ears at the same time. i would be willing to bet that the battery in the device is in no condition to last a full day of use. i just wish it was less annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had an sony a5000 with usb for 2 years and it was good, its a great phone and is a good phone, but the camera is terrible, the flash was terrible and the sony blokes should have fixed the cameras, the video was horrible, even the videos i shot with the dslr camera were worse than the samsung, the battery life was terrible as well. the other thing about the phone was the back and the buttons were horrible, not to mention the screen was very poor, if i had to pick one over the other i would go with the a5000 because the s3 isnt worth the money. but there are some great samsung phones out there but if i owned an s3 i would get a s5, if they had a good s3 phone i would buy it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought a brand new iPhone to replace my broken iphone 4.  The iphon 4 had issues with iphones being out of range.  After two weeks the iphonel had been out of service iphonet for over two months.    When the mobile was recharged it became sluggish and wouldn't charge at all.    It's now been a week and the iPhone is no longer responsive.  I contacted customer service and they were very nice to try and work out some sort of solution.  They sent a technician out to my house and returned the  iPhone but only after I spent $150 in total.  I feel like this company is just taking advantage of the customer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for a little over a month now and i use it for internet video streaming, audio, and music. its just a regular piece of garbage. the sound quality is horrible. it doesnt even support the usb interface. if youre looking for a good mp3 player this isnt it. i can get by with it in my car, but if you're looking for high quality audio streaming this is a total waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The unit I received has problems with the sound, and can't connect to a computer that uses a microphone port.   I tried to fix the problem by buying a new unit from Best Buy (about $35) and the unit worked but it was just like the first one.   X Previous image Next image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: bestbuy
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    These speakers work well enough, they are well built but if you want to have good sound then go with a sub woofer. The sound is ok for music and if you watch movies, the speakers work great but if music is your main focus then you should consider a subwoofer.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great quality! If you've got decent speakers you'll love these. They're nice and small enough to pack in your bag, and have a nice frequency range to them. The only thing I'd say is you need to make sure you get a good power supply (this model is the best value I've ever found) or you won't be able to use them as much as you'd like. -  Reviewer: Joe C from Ohio I got a pair of these to replace the two set I had from my brother who is a sound guy at a sports arena. I'd used his old set for years, and they're fantastic. He gave them to me for free as a gift. I was excited to try these speakers and was very happy. They sound amazing. I'm not sure how they're made or the quality of the drivers, but they work wonderfully. I've had them about a month and they are holding up very well. I can't believe they are free. I would have never paid $100 for them, but I was in love with my old set and can't resist upgrading. I think I got them used from someone and I have yet to find a good store to buy from.  a few things: *if you buy a pair from here you get free shipping - otherwise I'd think they'd be more expensive  *make sure you have good speakers (not the cheap stuff) - these have a very wide frequency range  (or the cheap ones at your local dollar store) -  - if you do not have good quality speakers you won' t get good sound - you can improve your sound significantly with better speakers. . ,  ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The electronic devices have great sound but this one does not. It sounds like a transistor radio. It can play a lot of tunes but most of the time its just static. I also had a problem with the remote. When I turned the radio down, it would not turn off. You have to get the remote to turn off it for the radio to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first thing that comes to mind is that the battery did not last more than one day, i.e. it failed after less than an hour and i had to buy a new one. The other was that the interface was broken and made clicking on the screen hard. I've used this device for a week now and it has not made it out of my bag.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "The device came with a USB cable that was broken. The unit is great - I can use the phone for work, home and play! - I will be replacing the USB cable with a new one. - I did the first stage of testing - Bluetooth phone app and audio, and the unit is OK - I have a Nokia 710. It's very good - I am glad that the product came so fast! - This product is good but I wish the charging unit comes with a case - I do not use the case - The device itself is very solid - I would like to see the software improved and more features - But this is a good product - I recommend this product"  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have tried many brands and they are all horrible. I had heard great things about this one but I have found nothing good about this product. Its horrible, the picture is not the way I pictured it when I bought it and the sound quality is really bad. I tried it for a couple of weeks and it still sounds like it was wired backwards. No thanks!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I had these for a week and only had one minor issue. One time I left my daughter's computer on and my son went in to get some work done, and I heard clicking noise and my daughter told me that she heard her computer make noises too and then she heard me saying something in the computer. I never used the computer at that time. So I went and bought a new one.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 18, 2015  good product, little loud  by: Mike from Richmond, VA USA  Pros: Works as described, very cheap price. :)  Review: I was very pleased with this product. .I had the issue where I had two cables on each side that weren't plugged in, the first was a power cable that went into the computer, and the other was a data cable that I used to connect to my external hard drive.  in the first couple weeks of using it I had to restart my computer about 20 times because the internal speakers were muffling the sound. after that it was fine.   Overall the product is great, the only thing is that the sound of the computer is kind of loud, even though it's not plugged in.  and then once you plug the computer in it sounds great.    Was it helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this a couple of weeks and it is still not working. The usb cable will not stay in the computer. It doesn't seem to come out when the computer is turned off, but the device seems to stay in. So when it does work, it's not doing what I want.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------- I bought this keyboard to use at work, and the price was right (about $70) but I was not happy with the keyboard. For one, the keys were too small, and there are not enough keys, for example, if I wanted to enter a number, I had to put a number key to the right of the "I" key (as you can see in the picture), as you can only enter a letter or the whole number. Also the keys are not raised as well as on the standard keyboards. You can see that I can hit the "4" key, and when I do, it does not go all the way to the top of the keyboard, but it goes very little way (and this is a keyboard for someone with arthritis). I've read reviews saying they are very nice keyboards, and I was so glad I didn't get one of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an extremely bad keyboard. I have been using a different keyboard for about a week now, it is much more consistent and has the benefit of being able to enter in numbers, but when you attempt to enter a single letter on this keyboard, it will always miss the mark, no matter how fast you try to enter it, I have tried many different software applications to try and correct this problem but it is never getting better.  The keyboard is not good for typing. It is much worse than my old school typing style, I can type like a 6th grader typing on a standard keyboard.  I am an engineer and if I was forced to use this keyboard for work, I would never go back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the WORST keyboard I ever used. It is very stiff, and has an incredibly hard key roll. This keyboard is extremely awkward to type on. This is the only thing that bothers me about the keyboard.   I have used a lot of keyboards, but none of them are as bad as this one. I think I will never buy another keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I was very happy with my e-dv. I used the cable that came with it. It was perfect and I was able to connect it to my phone right away. However, my only problem was that it wouldn't connect to my laptop. The cable was slightly longer than it should have been. If the length is slightly shorter, it wouldn´t have connected to the computer. Also, if I didn´t know that there was a short, I would have plugged the cable into the computer instead of the phone.   Also, my other problem is that the USB port is very small and I had to take the cable out from my other usb stick to use my laptop with the dv.  , I am so sad that there are no better cables. The e-hv was a must buy and this product is only OK at best.  : I have used the e-v for 2 months, and had no problem with the cable. I think it´s a good quality product, just a bit short in length for my liking.I was not pleased with the other cable I had because it came broken (broken in half, I couldn´t even find the right half).The cable is also not as good as the ehp cable. The connector is different from the eHP and the cable is a bit long to get the job done. It is also so thin and cheap that the connector is very hard to remove with pliers and I can´t use the computer with it without problems.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this unit a few months and its a pain to operate, it starts up but doesnt last the full 3 hours, it shuts off after 3 hours. ive searched everywhere for a way to fix this problem. i found a good solution on amazon but it costs 2 times what i paid for this unit. ived used this unit on and off for two years now, no problems.  Rated 5 out of 5 by HomeDepotCustomer from I have been using these for several years in a range of areas. The batteries last for 6 - 7 years. They're not heavy duty. My one suggestion is you can use any type of wire to connect to your outlets so that if you want to add a fuse to protect yourself you can do so.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s screen is very weak and dim and doesnt work well at all.  Review of DJ0270-074
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a very old computer. The battery was very low when I got it and now it's dead. I got the laptop to do some research on "internet of things" but I found it difficult to use since the computer is very slow. I would not recommend this to anyone, especially if you are on a budget. I can't seem to find it anywhere else now.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     There's absolutely nothing I can say about the Koss P1 that hasn't already been said. This device is the definition of a "brick." The unit is extremely short, even the cable and the carrying bag are pretty small. The speaker is loud, but it's not nearly loud enough. I also found myself having to turn up the volume, especially when playing music or watching videos. I was hoping that the speaker could handle some of the more modern high end audio devices that are out there, but that's just not the case. Overall, this is a very bad, poorly designed product.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had one of these for about a year. It worked fine for the most part until a week ago, when i went on vacation and my pc crashed. After that, my laptop wouldnt turn on. I emailed Sony and they sent me a new one, but the problem was the same: the unit wouldnt power on. After a couple of days of calling support, i figured out that the power button on the back of the unit is stuck, so i replaced that with another one that worked great. Now, this weekend, I had to do a little internet research on the battery problem. It turns out that Sony needs a new battery for this unit. Sony does seem to have better service than most, but i find it hard to believe that this is just a design flaw. Im not going to spend the extra money to replace my unit. Maybe if i just didnt use it for a couple weeks...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The new XBox One is the best thing since sliced bread, the only problem is that it takes a while to get a good connection when using an iphone 5s or 6 because it's a bad piece of junk, but that's no big deal for me. The Good: The display is sharp and colors are accurate, the sound is crisp and clear. The controller is smooth and easy to use. The battery lasts forever. The gamepad is amazing, feels just like an actual controller, can't wait to buy the next wave of games. The only thing that I don't like is the fact that the touch screen has been discontinued for the next gen, it would be nice to be able to do it on the xbox. Conclusion:    This new Xbox is just as good as the last gen, but the controller is a little annoying to use, but with the new iphones out they're not so bad, but still not as good.   The Bad:  The controller has some problems with the triggers, the light bar is hard to see and the controllers backlight can be a little dim. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned a fx 6800 and have owned several of this type of cameras and this is the worst of the group so far... this is why i bought a f3 6800 over this. ive had it for about 6 months and it has been so bad. its literally falling apart and its so loud ive been able to hear people in my office even with the door closed. if you really want to have a silent film camera with the ability to record in widescreen and full screen then this is not the one for you, it is not good for anything you would do on it. the battery life is terrible, a battery will last about a month before it runs out and that is with it running on it self and recording in wac and fullscreen. I'm thinking that if the battery goes flat that I'm not going to have the ability at this point to fix it... i could replace the battery but then I'd be spending over $50 on a brand new camera and it would be twice the price if I can't fix it, also I think that is what they are saying by "faulty" so it is the batteries and they need to change the batteries or some people will be getting more than they intended to get for this camera... just hoping someone reads this and can find a good electronic camera for less than half the price and more features
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first I ever owned was a Thinkpad T400s with a 360g battery, which came with a battery cover that was supposed to protect the battery but I found it to be loose and came off a few times. It worked just fine until I decided to switch to the Thinkpad X200s. The X200 has the exact same keyboard, trackpad and other features and I am able to get my Thinkpad battery up to 90 percent before it needs to be replaced. The only difference between the two is the battery cover and the ThinkPad keyboard is about twice as large. Overall, if you want a high quality laptop for the price, go with the X200 or T400, but if you are looking for a laptop that can last for several years and still perform well, look elsewhere.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for a few weeks and it breaks. ive had a few battery issues in the past as well.    this thing is a piece of junk.  dont buy it, it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I can't believe you have such a bad product that is broken so many times!! I used it for a year and it worked well for about a year. I had it in my truck for two months. Then my truck quit running and now it is broken. If you want a good device that works and looks good, this is not the one to buy!  Novel I love the idea of having a remote and having my device on my hand rather than having it in a cup holder in my van  The problem is that it's hard to find it. This is the second one i have bought and it is not a high quality product at all.  i tried it once for about 30mins and my screen turned off the next morning. i thought it was the battery being empty but after doing the factory reset, it worked. i dont know what it did to the original unit that my wife had.  in the meantime she put it back together with a lot of difficulty (i think the battery wasnt seated correctly), had to take off the headlight for the parking light (the one that is located under the bumper on the top of the van) and the interior door handles didnt work for like 2 days i think because i had put some grease on the contacts which probably didnt even get on the inside of the switch.  "great design" the remote works great. I have two of these. I used one in my camper van and I have used it in the back of a pickup for over a month now and the first night i used it, the remote was stuck on a button on the dash and I couldn't move it until the battery fell out. I can get it to work after removing the battery and changing the battery (that is my second problem with this remote). Overall, its not a great remote. the buttons on it are just hard to click so you have to move it slightly. I think the buttons should be on the back side, like on a remote to car. the price is very reasonable for this type of remote. . ,  Great Idea, Great Price. The remote and batteries for my E-M10 (and its companion E-pico) are outstanding - very precise, and has been on my vehicle for over 2 years. It's easy to use and is very accurate - one of the most accurate and precise I've used.   The E-mini is more expensive, but
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _______________ This is my second computer. The first was a PC-10, the second a Macintosh LC. The computer in question is a Macintosh IIe. The keyboard and the mouse have been used to destroy this computer. I can't wait to get rid of it.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this product to replace an old iphone 4s.!!! It was a wonderful purchase, I am very happy with it!!!!!! When the screen starts to get "scratched up" i know it will not work well.????? If i want to take it apart, I have to start a "paint" job!!! The battery power seems to last for a long time, so i am very satisfied,??????????
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to charge my cell phone and I found out the battery life is pretty bad. Not only is the device way overpriced, but it takes forever to charge. Not too bad for a phone though  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, June 23, 2010  Very Impressed  by Darrick from Phoenix AZ USA  Pros: Does everything its supposed to do  Cons: None  Review: This was one of the first products I used with the PIA's, and I was surprised to find that it does all the things the instructions suggest it can do. The speed is incredible, and it really is faster than the Piazzi USB and MMCI adapters. If you're looking for a solid USB port to go with your PC/Mac, this is a great option.  Did you find this review helpful? Yes Thank you for your feedback. Aye. We're sorry to hear that you are not happy with your order. The problem may be with the USB port, the USB to Ethernet adapter, or your computer configuration. Please email our Customer Service team at service@piasole.com and we can help you track down your problem.  a little pricey.  is that a bad thing?  yes, it does not charge faster than your car charger  Works great for my Dell desktop  Great product, not so great support!  The instructions tell you to do the following... (from the piazzi website). Then they tell you that if you need help on how to use it, to email customer service. However, I got no answer from anyone for hours. I even emailed them from another email address and didn't get a response. It is frustrating as it is hard to use. And I would like to use this product in my car. Not to mention it costs $100!!! Aye... I have a Dell desktop and my computer can use a USB 3 port. , it charges my phone like no other. I like the fact that it is easy to use! . -David  Thanks for your comments. We are sorry to learn that the product you purchased will not charge your cell phone. We would recommend that you try a different USB port and other adapters. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for sending your inquiry. If this product does not work with your device, we would be happy to make a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I bought this device thinking it was the best thing since sliced bread. It was a bit underpowered for my needs, but it works pretty well. The only thing is, if you have an old computer monitor you need to buy a new one for this to work right. When I plugged it in it did nothing, then it worked fine for like 4 hours, then after that started to show random lines on the screen. It also did nothing if I plugged my laptop in. I'm not sure if I need a new monitor. Maybe this should be rated better, but I wouldn't recommend this at all. The worst part of this purchase was how long it took me to order it! My first order from this company took me about 2 weeks, and the 2nd order took me almost 2 weeks. So I had to buy it right away, and then wait for it to ship. There should be a way to have them ship it right to your door in a week.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The sound is excellent! If you do have any sound issues or want to listen to music for work the PULSAR-6D is awesome!! It's not the most efficient but it's the best I can find at the moment.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, April 23, 2015  good product, poor service by JL from Austin TX  Review: Works well.   Was This Review Helpful at the Time of Your Order? Yes Not yet.  the sound is good but sound is so distorted. there is no clarity.  is there any sound improvement with a better quality speaker for the price?  by Anonymous from San Francisco CA. on 06/01/2014  Product: PULSA-6d - The Pulsar 6D is my second one. The first one was used for many years, and is still very good quality and is quiet and works well. The replacement unit I got is very noisy in operation, almost as if it is not a pulse-type speaker. It is very small too, and the quality is poor. The pulse type unit was used in NASA missions and had a very good sound. However, I've always felt like the sound of the original one is still much better than the pulse type one.    After using it a while and looking at the other reviews, I bought a different pulse-sound unit, and had it tuned very close to the original, it is much cleaner, and it does not make a ton of noise.  . This one would be perfect for an airplane or other sound/noise sensitive place.  a friend and I are working at a library and we like our books, we use the speaker at night when we are not using the computer, and we love the sound. 's a good product and you can get a great price,I like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ The phone worked fine for the first 2 days, but then started to randomly hang up at 3:00 in the morning, then 3:45 in the evening. I called them 3 times a day but no one answered. After doing a phone search, found this site (not the best but works). Called 2 times at 2:15 am (1 time was a live person), 8:30 am (2 times was live person). After that, no one picked up, no messages, no answer. When i called this morning (5:27 am, 2nd time i tried to call) this time I was able to get through to the live person. They said the phone was dead and I should call them back Monday at 9:00 am, or Sunday at 9 pm. So i called the person back again at 8:29 am. No answer. I'm very disappointed in the phone since it's advertised as having a good phone and good reception. I am giving it a 0 because I just cannot use it.  I don't give 5 stars to the first attempt I was sent a defective phone and it was shipped out to me. I was expecting it to come out ok because I had seen the reviews for the phone. I would normally go ahead and give it a 5 star for a good camera, but the problem is the phone is unusable. After trying to use it all day I've just had it sit for 3 days now and it will no longer send or receive calls. The issue is the fact that the phone doesn't seem to recognize my phone no matter what I do to it. My phone is an HTC Evo 3D Max.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 from 3 months and i have no problem to use it, but one thing. when using a game, the screen does not change at all, but when i use the speaker the screen is displayed. When i try to use another phone with this one, nothing happens. The only thing is, this is a very bad thing. I love this phone. The price is very good too  Rated 5 out of 5 by Gator from Love this phone!! Had mine for 3 years and love it. It's great to have the option to go back to a standard phone when it's no longer needed. I've been so impressed with the camera, and battery life, as well as the speed of the processor and the way it works in conjunction with your phone. It has been running a dual-core S4 for 2.5 years now without a hiccup! I can tell that the company has been able to squeeze more out of the device. The screen is so bright and the screen quality is amazing. I have an Android phone but this phone is perfect for me.  Not quite as powerful as some people claim. Yes it's an S4 but it's not as fast as the Samsung Galaxy Note II or even the Galaxy S III. You'll notice it has more CPU power but it doesn't perform as well, in benchmarks or in real world situations. It is quite power-hungry when it comes to gaming though, so if you're looking to use this phone with a game like Grand Theft Auto V you may want to take a look at the PS Vita if you need a bigger battery. If you're an occasional gamer and only want a phone with the basic features, it's probably a good phone for you.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I had no problems with this phone, it was really a great product until the screen broke off in two places right after I got it. I bought a new one and was not happy with it.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ******************** I bought this device because I wanted an easy way to play music on the bus without a portable player. But I found out the hard way that this thing is a piece of junk. It doesn't play any MP3 files, and it doesn't come with a cd drive. After some searching on the web I discovered that the device you have to use is a cheapo MP3 player which doesn't even play MP3. It costs $80 at amazon. So I got this to use at home to play some music on my portable mp3 player, but now I've just returned it because I can't use this device in my apartment building! It doesn 't even work for me now!  Great for kids ***************************** I bought the CD player for my 5 year old son who has a passion for old school style games such as the Commodore 64. He loves playing games like Donkey Kong 64 and the game that I got him was Sonic the Hedgehog 2. The player can not play the game on a PC or Mac because the video cards on the computer were not built in. So for a portable CD player he is more than happy with this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used my new  HP dv4xl tablet on an  Windows 7 computer. When I first got it I did not know whether it would work or not but after a few tries I got to know that it was ok. My problem was that I could not write or draw on the screen. When i was writing on my  previous tablet, i was not able to see the line on the tablet screen. It took a while before I got it to work. I will keep my eye out for other tablets but it will take me a while to get used to the touch screen. I would recommend the dv6xl  over the d v4xL  for writing and drawing.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this for my son who is 7. The only issue I have with this is he likes to chew the buttons and buttons on his phone, but he can't stop doing that. After trying to get the screen to be more clear on his cell phone this is the only thing I could come up with to do. Other then that it is a great phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for about 6 months. i bought it to use to do work on my TV. i had to do it and i went through the process of turning it on and turning it off. i could not figure out how to turn it back on because the device just did not work correctly. i tried to contact customer service and it didnt seem to help. this is not the first bad product i have bought from them. i have also had problems with my computer, cell phone and the router. it just did NOT WORK. so now i have 2 of these devices that have a hard time coming on and off and do not seem to turn off properly. they are soooooo hot to the touch! they could be used to heat up an electric car. maybe someone could help me. i am in the market for a better product and i dont like the idea of having to keep going back to try to fix these devices. i will be looking for something else in the future but i will definately not be buying these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********** It doesn't charge! I bought this so I could use the phone as my personal e-reader. And it is a piece of crap. I read my Kindle books and it just keeps not charging. It keeps stopping every 2-4 hours. It says it is charging and it does it for about 20 minutes but that is not long enough. I am going to have to go back to the Kindle Fire. If they could make a phone that charged so easily that I could read my books, I would buy it. ***********  Review by: B EASTON | Posted on March 26th, 2012 | 3:00pm
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this watch for the beach and it's been pretty hard to use. It was so easy for me to pick up when I wanted it in the sand, but then the buttons on my sandals and the watch was just so heavy. My sandals will get dirty from sitting on it and after 3-4 hours the time was pretty off, but they would not stay on my feet anymore without having to take them off. It is a really cool idea though. I had the same concern with the Seiko watch that I had with the Pebble and it was just too much to be comfortable to wear. But it is still cool. I got it in silver but I'm sure I could get a black one, I have it in black.  Did you find this helpful? 6 of 6 Found Helpful  Steve  5  Reviewed by:from Tennessee. on 3/24/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am not impressed with the battery life for my old iPhone 4.  If you need it for a long time, like a couple weeks, it might work for you.    If you want it right away, it'll probably be ok.  If it's not for a while, it won't do you much good. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This works but it is expensive and unreliable.  It was only used a few times, so I could not tell if the problems were with it or me.    I'm sure a lot of people would like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had my nintendo since the 90's and i have never had a problem with it, i guess i should have listened to a youtube video. it's terrible for the price. i had to wait 4 days for it to ship. ive already tried to return it 3 times on amazon, i even wrote to the company and told them it was just not made for my system but no one ever came back. so i ended up returning it. i guess theres nothing left of it. its like a big fat lump of junk
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 4s not the best I got this a year ago and still has not fixed my phone. it's like a brick now. also, if you buy this, buy the same phone to get a better screen (this does not work).
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!The light turned out to be faulty!! When I first took it out of the box it looked fine, then when I put it on, I found out that the light went off. I thought it was the battery, but after I got it repaired, it was not! The repair costed me 10.00, but the light is still a bad product, even for the extra 1,00 cost! A.P.S. The picture is not correct and its not made with the same color of the light!!! Hope it isnt so, please take a closer look on the picture!!!   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The product looks nice and the instructions are clear. It only took one day to install the device and the unit works fine except for the fact that the cable that attaches to it gets loose very easily.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The touch screen on this tablet is so slow. It is very laggy. There is no response when you use the arrow keys, and that really irritates me. So I decided to get the keyboard and just use the touch screen and it works like a charm. So it was a bad purchase. I would not recommend it. The keyboard is pretty good though.   Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** I'm giving this as a review because I ordered it and after a week or so the buttons were mushy. I was able to get them to work after taking a piece of wire with a small screwdriver and soldering it in the slots. I am hoping the plastic is actually the problem. I have a bunch of these.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device was purchased in Feb 2014. It worked fine the first few months, then stopped. I took it to an electronic parts store and they said it was the power supply. I asked for a replacement. The owner was very apologetic and suggested I try another power supply from another company. It works better but has problems. 4 of 4 people found the following review helpful: July 26, 2015 By Dara on 10/19/2015 This product worked great for the first year or so, but after that it would not turn on and would not charge my phone. I had to return it and I had another one from the store that works. 8 of 9 people found and didn't like the following:   I purchased this device to be able to watch Hulu Plus without cable. I don't watch Hulu and I have a pay TV service that I don�t like, so I was looking for an alternative. This worked pretty well until my phone started acting up. Now the app and remote are getting really old and hard to use. They should have sent me a new one since they have already given me a refund, which is pretty unusual. 5 of 6 people found an above average review: December 10, 2013 By mike b on 12/11/2012 I had my first remote after watching a review on here for the product. Very easy to use, good design. 1 of 2 people found this review helpful. May 31, 2013 by Anonymous on 7/31/2012 This was my first attempt at buying a remote. After researching the product it seemed to be the right choice. I will have to do a couple of repairs to it, but otherwise it is fine for me. I have been using it for a few years, and it has served me well. I just needed something cheap and easy to install, I guess it is the same with everything. 11 of 13 people found a below average review to be helpful. March 20, 2014 by Anonymous in Ohio on 7.1.2014 I bought this remote to replace one that I had that worked for 3 yrs... it was working great, I only had to change it for the power button and it was perfect. I am a college student, so my internet is limited... it only works in my room because of the wiring... But now that it is working I will not spend more money on another one. 20 of 24 people found poor to be good. April 28
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The first device I purchased from Best Buy was a brand new computer with an AMD Phenom X4 CPU.  I was completely surprised when the computer stopped working after only 10 minutes of use.    This was after just 3 months of being on my side.  I was able to replace it but had to return it and pay a $100 refund when it failed after 4 months of use after trying to start it up.  My 2nd computer with the AMD Phenos was a Dell Inspiron 7000.  This computer started working but only after being replaced twice.  After a little while I found it worked again and I was happy with that. I would avoid this brand of computer.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had two ipod touch s so i guess I could use an ipod X
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this product for my son as a backup to his ipod and ive been using it now for about 2 months and it is horrible it doesnt play music at all and the quality is terrible. i cant even hold the screen above my head without my earbuds or my ipod being knocked off! and now im wondering what else it will do. i bought it for my ipad and the same thing happened on my ipods when i was driving it is terrible!!! i just cant even use it any longer. i paid $60 and if i was to buy a new ipad i would get the sony ipod which is much better quality it plays music perfectly. but this does not and shouldnt even be in the house! i dont understand why anybody would buy this!! i hope this company folds or if its too late there is a recall!!!  Was this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned an ipod for 5 yrs and have had it malfunction on me many times and when i find out that it is the power adapter, i was so upset with the product. i would not have paid money for it if i knew how unreliable it was. the ipod charger is not a good option. its too big to be a good solution, it should be smaller and have an LED. i have a good product but i think that it should have a better power option. it would be the only reason to buy it over a better product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been looking into an i phone 7 since yesterday and i gotta say that i just cant recommend this phone at all. ive tried everything from the i phone 6 to the 7 plus i have no problems whatsoever with the phone, its fast, and has a better camera and speakers than the iphone 5 but they are still not as good as the ones on the ipod 7.  the touch screen is a great idea but the buttons are all so tiny and hard to press and they all just get in your way making the touchpad to touch screen useless, it's so hard to get to the settings you need to go into the menu, and it cant do the most simple things like changing the brightness, so if you just want an iph one with a better touch screen and better speakers and it will only cost you a little bit more it is worth the money, i just hope that they wont start making the if you dont want the ipod 7 get the ipad mini if that's what you want. the only reason i gave it three stars is because the ime 7 is much cheaper than the ipap 8, and i think that is really the only way to go if you want a good tablet but not a iph phone, for about the same price you can buy a if for the ipa iph 7 plus the ipay 7 plus, and if you go with the ipav 7 you can even get the iv oos 10.  Rated 5 out of 5 by rasco from Amazing Tablet I've been looking for an ipad for a while now and this tablet is an amazing value for the money. It's not quite as fast as the ips and has less storage but it's very well made. It comes with a stylus and a stylized keyboard which is fantastic if you're on a budget. There are tons of applications for music, videos and games so if that isn't your thing, the device will have enough power to handle it. The only downside is the size of the device and the fact that it has two usb ports to use with a mouse but these things are expected with most tablets these days so it doesn't really bother me. If your looking for a full tablet without an ipod app for games and music then this isn't the tablet for you. But if you can handle the size, it has plenty of room for you to download music and games and its great for school and at
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!!!! This is the first time I have tried it but so far I am NOT impressed! When I first turned it on, the screen was black for a good 5 seconds. When it turned back on, it was just black again. I turned the computer off and tried it again, I waited for a couple of minutes and it turned off the next time. I have never had a problem like this before. After the 4th time, I tried shutting it off and turning it back on. After it went back on and my screen turned back off, I turned it off again and it was still off! The unit worked for about 5 minutes before giving out. This time I had to turn it off. I could not even turn the computer back on after this. This is very disappointing for a very new unit. It is definitely not worth the cost. I guess the company is just playing it safe at the moment...  Rated 5 out of 5 by R.R. from I use this product for all of my electronic devices... I usethis product for All of my Electronic Devices  Reviewed by John B. from Good value for the price I've bought several of these units over the years. It's great for running a printer. The low-voltage power supply keeps it powered even when the computer is off. The USB port is great for transferring files. The size of the unit makes it easy to hide inside a bag.  It is not difficult to set up or use and it works well for my use. The only problem I've had is that it needs a couple hours to initialize. That is because it is hardwired to the computer and cannot be changed unless the computer's battery is removed.  The display screen does not work as well as some other units, but for $300 it is still a great unit. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    They say that all good things must come to an end, but the time has come. I would not recommend this product.   The only thing I could say is that I am looking for the best of the best in a digital recorder. The problem is that this one is a piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was very pleased with the purchase of this item. After receiving it, I plugged it in and it worked. Then, when I tried to start it, it went to boot mode and would not get past it, and even if I restarted it it would not start. I called the company and they said I had the wrong unit. They said they were going to send me another one and after that they would send me the correct one. After I got it, the unit would not boot into Windows again. It had gone back to booting into Linux. So I decided to return it and will be doing my research into other brands of this type of device.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this for over 2 years now, and I love it. But if you have to have your tv on 24/7, then you need a better product. I use it as a music player and for watching movies in bed (it's actually the only thing that gets through the sound bar). It's the only product I use that I know will still be functional after 7 years! That's a lot of time to be on the internet on your phone and computer. There were a few issues with the cable, but most are minor (e.g. a wire not getting connected sometimes). So my only complaint is the cost.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Anonymous from The first unit was great! After two months, my unit stopped working. After contacting the company, they sent me a new unit, which worked for the next 3 months, until the night before I needed to use the power to my tv. This time, I did the same thing and my tv doesn't turn on and stays on a dimmer. The next morning, they had me send my unit back. A customer service rep told me that the company will replace it if I send in my receipt. I'm not going to. I've been trying to figure out if there is a warranty or if it is a defect, or if they will replace this one. There is no warranty.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was having problems with this computer and bought one. Unfortunately, I've had no issues whatsoever with this device until today. Today, I was watching a DVD and the computer crashed, forcing me to restart. I'm going to return it and be stuck with the old one for a while. I love the old IBM, I'm only using the PC for work but I can't do any computer at all without it. This computer was too expensive for what it actually gives me: just a video player.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this item as a gift for my daughter who is not an avid electronic user. I used it at work to control my computer monitor which is not a big deal, but I could not tell that it was hooked up to an HDTV or television. I ended up having to return it and buy one that has an HD cable, but it is still not as good as the other products on the market. I was not able to get the remote to work because of the software setup.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Good deal for the price! I was looking at more expensive brand monitors and found this one on sale for $30. I've also gotten a great deal from B&H on an LG monitor. This monitor is very good for the money and it will last for quite a while. I have a couple of other Samsung monitors and they are great monitors but this one is a little better.  and you can not beat the price  Great purchase! Best monitor I've ever used for work!  I'm in school and use a computer to write an essay for each of my papers. I use an LCD monitor which I've found to be too small. My goal was to find a monitor that would allow me to have the best image quality and still be able to use the computer. The Samsung UN27D590 was what I was able to find at the price I was going to pay. This is easily the best monitor I have ever used. The color is just right, the image is crisp and clear. This was a great investment and a great product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My son has a small portable computer that plays mp3's and plays with bluetooth, not to mention has great battery life. The battery is a li-ion which is very nice. There is only one problem. The button does not work. It's stuck on. It takes two hands to push and the button is not as easy to press as a good li-on battery. The problem is very annoying and not very easy to fix. My son is an electronics expert. He is trying to do a homework assignment for school and wants to know how to fix the problem. I'll keep this in mind when I give my son his laptop back.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this unit for 4 months and it has not worked for anything but reading, it's just no use for the money. It's got no range, no speakers, nothing. it's only good for checking the battery and changing a battery. I will just take it back. I have bought this product 2 years ago and still have not gotten anything. I was on the fence because my old one worked great until my wife got a cell phone and then the thing just wouldn't work. I bought the one that had battery life and now she can't get a call on her cell phone so I am looking for a new one. I know the price is high and that it will be hard to return it but it's time to move on.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from A good item for the price. This is the first cell phone with digital display and is really nice. It also has a good set of sound speakers which helps in a noisy room. The digital display is easy to use and looks good.  the only reason I gave it four stars is that after the first month it wouldn't start at all, it just showed an empty space. I thought I lost my phone and was able to get it working again, but it was at the same store. 1 person found this helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ A little bit of "magic" is required to operate this product but once you get it, it can be used for good and for bad. First it came up to 60 degrees below zero. This makes it almost impossible to operate with anything above 40 degrees. It will work at -30 to 30 and no more. Secondly, the batteries last about 4 years and are extremely expensive compared to similar batteries used in cell phones and mp3 players. This is a $200 item with some of the best batteries that I have ever seen on the market. That means the device will last for the rest of my life with the exception of a power outage or maybe a sudden need to replace batteries. ------------
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  In the first few months I used the new phone (which I bought for a cheap $30, on sale) for a couple of days I tried to call it, but it would not connect. I called Apple and they told me they were working on it.  A few days later (yesterday) I received an email from my cell phone provider. Â They informed me that my phone was lost, they had just received a message stating that my cell line was down.  The message stated that the line was found and that a replacement cell phone was on its way to me.    My first thought was that someone else was using my phone.  I contacted my cell provider and learned that my line had been stolen.  They have not received my phone yet and I cannot use it because they do not have a way to identify if it is mine or not.  Since they do have a method to identify the cell line, they are still working on the exact theft.  My phone number is attached as a contact and I would like to file a police report on this incident.      A few weeks ago I purchased my wife a new iphone, and was going to have it for a little over a month.  It was working fine until yesterday.  We were watching a video and playing some music.  Then we heard a knock at our door.  When I went to answer it, I noticed the sound of someone trying to open the door, as it was locked.  With the sound they were using to try to open it, we knew it was them.  So with our kids in the backseat I opened the door. The front door was broken.    Now we have no way to get it open.  A couple of weeks ago my wife had broken a window so we had to go back to the shop for a new window.  Now I have lost my phone and have no idea how I am going to get my phone back. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was a little too quiet on the inside so I was going to purchase a new one because the sound would be a little better on the outside.  However, it worked well with only a few noises.  Posted by Jeff at 6:48 PM
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought these for my husband and my son, they do not work, he has had to do a lot of work to get it to work. i used to like these as they were the most recent style and are more durable. i just wish they would work  Rated 3 out of 5 by bkneben from I have had these for over 5 yrs and like them. However... I have been using them for over 3 years and like these. But in the last year, they have had several breaks. The breakage started after a few months, but it has been going on for over 6 years.  Product Description Product Specifications The G-Touch 2 Touch Bar with a 3-year warranty is the best touch screen on the market! This touch bar offers many features that were never available on any other touch screen, such as: The ability to double click to open the menu, or delete a text box. The ability for the user to drag an item from the upper left of the screen and drop it on any screen location, and have it be instantly placed. The most innovative and convenient feature is the "Backlight Control" function which allows the user, for example, to select a background color from a color picker. Also, you can easily create your own colors. I have found the software to be very user friendly and intuitive. My only gripe is that I wish it was designed to be the same size as the LCD on my laptop monitor which would be convenient. I have used the touch screen for the last 5 years and I love it. This new generation touch screen has a new type of software called "Touch Mouse" that allows you to change the settings and even "customize" the Touch Mouse. This allows the person who is using the touch wheel to move the cursor on the touchscreen and it can also be programmed to open any application on the computer. This is an advantage of this new touch screen over the old touch screen because it is much easier and less confusing for the users. This software has a large library of presets and programs that can be used with the new touch wheel. You can also use this software with the touch pad by changing your settings and making some modifications to the mouse. This touch pad also has a number of different features that are a lot more advanced. It has a touch pad button that allows the mouse to be placed on any location of the computer screen. This makes it convenient for me to use this touch
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device works as intended, however it is very annoying to have to listen to your phone ring every couple of minutes.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________  When my wife was having problems with her iphone, I decided to buy one. I bought it for her, and it was a huge waste of money. I could not get a signal at all. I was so happy when it worked! But now that I have a iphoner I find myself having to buy another one.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive used this thing for years and theres nothing good to say about it other than it doesnt have an on and off switch and wont work in my car at all. ive had it for about 4 years and everytime i take it out of the box i turn it on for the first time and it does not come on and doesnt work. my wife and I have tried everything to fix it and nothing has worked. now im stuck with this thing until my wife gets a new car and can get it fixed. i would have gladly paid more money for a good car radio.  It has never failed me, but it has never worked right.  on and on and back and forth  This is a great device but I'm still looking to make it better. It doesn't have a lot of memory so I'm having to do a lot to it, but that's to be expected with all these cheap things.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I purchased this tablet because I wanted to play videos and music that are very hard to find on the tablet market. When I got it, it worked but the buttons on the screen didn't work, and it took a while for it to turn on. The screen turned on, but the speakers didn't turn on because of the problem.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been on this phone for over a week now and i cant get my cell number up on my phone. ive looked all over the internet and ive seen people having no problems but i have. i have been on it for more than two days now and it doesnt seem to be working at all. im guessing that its getting its data from somewhere else. i just dont know where or how and i dont know how i can contact anyone about this problem. its frustrating. i dont want this phone to go anywhere because of a problem like this. i mean its just so much hassle and i can't use my phone for my real job and to stay in touch with my family. i really really want to love this phone but there has to be a better way to do this.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this to be able to have two computers on my desktop. The first computer was a Dell desktop. After several months of use and some good and bad parts it failed. This machine had the second computer's motherboard. After I bought the motherboard I went back to the shop and they told me it could not be repaired. I did not feel safe using that computer at that time. After purchasing the new one I found out it is in the same case and the wires are still in the box. So I am very disappointed in the poor service. I don't know what to do to get this thing working. I guess I will just have to have all of my computers from now on in the drawer. I was very happy with this purchase.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for almost 3 years and i must say it is by far the worst ive ever had ive used a variety of phones over the years  ive even had one that worked well for a few months    the ips connector on this is made from very poor materials and its extremely fragile and can break within minutes. i do not know what they put it in but if it breaks the phone will be useless
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had the SONOS 1, 2, 3.2, and 3 for over a year now. This device is an absolute failure as far as sound quality, ease of use, and compatibility. The 3.5 has a very annoying volume, and can't even be used with a headset. The SON OS 3.6 has a fantastic sound. It has everything a modern wireless system needs (circles around the sound) and makes it a pleasure to listen to music. With the 3.3 I was able to use a CD player and stereo, and even a laptop speaker to a good degree. I'm so disappointed with the SONY. They should take this to task.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------ This is a terrible piece of junk. If you are looking for a new computer this is the one. It was very easy to install and works flawlessly. If i had not received it within 30 days i would have returned it. I do not recommend this piece of crap. It is an absolute pain to install or to use. The only good thing about this computer is the price but thats only if you have to buy another one.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from great product and great price, so far I've only had this for two weeks and I have not found any problems with it. it's a great value and it works great, just remember that with cheap products, sometimes the problems start to happen after a while. if it works you can't go wrong, even if it doesn't it still gives you a great deal. if you go for a low price this is one you need to get, and if you are like me who is used to more expensive units, then you might as well just pay a premium and get the latest and greatest model, the best value for the money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________________________________________  This is the worst digital camera I have ever owned. It is a bit slow. The pictures are awful, and sometimes you have to zoom in to see anything. Its not a great camera at all. But if you need a camera, you get a camera. This is a piece of junk. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________  I got this for my daughter and she loves it. I wish she could have bought a digital one. ________________________________________________________  The best camera i have used to date and for less money. I took it to the beach and it has held up wonderfully _____________________________________________________________________  It is a decent camera. The best one I have seen in the store. Good to have a camera that you can take everywhere _______________________________________________________________________
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The monitor has only one connection to the computer. The monitor only works with a single computer, that is a Windows PC. This will not work with my old Mac (10.5) or Linux PC (I don't use Linux). The monitor does not have the VGA cable. So the monitor is limited to the Windows PC which only has the monitor port. It does not work well with Linux. I would have loved to use it with Linux because the picture quality would be better. Overall:  I'm happy that I bought this monitor. I have a large living room in my house, and have a lot of screens that need to be updated, and this monitor fit my needs perfectly. I purchased the monitor for $29 on amazon and had it in my home the next day. Pros: Solid construction Cons: You have to buy a new power cable for the monitor.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the moto z2 and the s3 and ive been using the s2 for a while and the z2 is not an improvement ive used the s1 for a long time and it still sucks it was the camera on the s 2 but this s2 is a much better camera and much better audio quality but then again the audio quality on the z hasnt gotten better and the camera still sucks and i dont think the price of the s will save it i still have my s1 and the audio is better on the audio on the xt9 youll love it but just don't get it the s xts9 is an amazing phone so I will be getting the s10 when it comes out it still holds up as a high end phone and a great camera  Rated 5 out of 5 by jeremiah from great phone ive owned the s4 for 4months now and this phone does more than it did when I bought it. This phone is awesome and I just love it. i was looking into getting an s7 and the only thing I could think about was the design of the phone. This is a lot better. Also it has a usb to fast charge, which is awesome, and the battery life is great. I also love the camera is is great and that it has the flash on the back so you don't have to worry about running out of light  Reviewed by Tobi G from Perfect for a daily driver. I use this phone for business. I do all the web design on the fly, including making the logo for my blog. This device is the best. It's fast, reliable, reliable. The camera is incredible, and it does all the things you'd expect from a phone. I'm very happy with my purchase, and I'm a loyal HTC fan boy.  A real phone that will last I've been using my Moto X for about a week and a half and I've found this to be a great phone for my needs. It does everything I need it to and it is light and thin. It has more features than the iPhone 6 or the Galaxy S6 so I won't be switching to one. It is worth the price but I don't think you can buy a phone that has a camera as good as this and charge less for it. It definitely has a higher price tag than a Galaxy s4 or a HTC One M8. However the phone is very light, and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "The best thing about having a mobile phone is when you don't need it." - David Beckham
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have had this a year and it still works fine but i did break the case when i went to try and remove the battery that came with it. The only thing that is bad about it is that the battery door that you open and the usb port that you plug into to change it are on the same side of the case that you can't pull out without breaking it. I was planning on just putting a usb hub in it and having another charging cable but i can't find anything that connects to the usb hub i'm using. So i'm back to using my old cheapo charger.  Style of Use: Good for what I need it for. It's small enough for a single cell Li-Ion battery and can run the camera for up to 3 days on a charge, so I can have it running at all times for taking pictures. I would buy this again, but the charger i'm currently using is not very good at all. . I'm very happy with the camera, it has very good quality photos and I love the manual mode. If you need more info about the camera feel free to email me. Thanks a lot for your product and service  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this thing for 2 years. I dont use it for much, its only for playing music and watching movies, but I am a college student and i have to work in the library everyday and this thing isnt that good for that. the screen has terrible colors and a crappy battery. i got the battery for $6 (when it was first released and the other prices were around $15) and this battery is just like $4 (on sale) and has the same problems. also i wouldnt trust this device for anything with audio input (audiobooks or anything that requires more than 3 buttons) but then again that wouldnt be my main use case. i dont know if this thing will last 2 years or if it will last 5 years. i only buy a lot of computers so if its this bad i cant recommend it. the only positive reviews i read about this thing are from people who bought it for their children. but they dont use that many computers, so if they are this bad in that regard i dont think its a good deal. the best thing you can do is buy the $20 battery from another website and save yourself a lot. i guess my point of this review is to help others understand that this is not an upgrade you can just buy for yourself. just look for reviews that show how the battery is a few dollars cheaper.  Rated 3 out of 5 by Biff from It works! It DOES NOT work. I bought this for my 16 month old son. It's just a big piece of plastic that he had to put in the USB port. And because he's a little kid, he thought it was a charger for his iPad. So it charges it. So now it works and it charges the iPad, but he can't use it. I was so upset because he had so much fun playing around with it. He's like the youngest kid I know. . It was like 5 feet wide and about 15 feet long. The only thing that's cool about it is it's a nice color, but since the screen's not in the way and his screen is way smaller than mine it's not exactly the size he wants. He just wants to play video games.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This is the first time I have ordered any phone. I have been looking at the google glass and other smart phones and they have always been to expensive to buy new. This phone is not at all expensive to get a new phone but I have to say I'm disappointed with this phone because it does not work at all. I can get 3d movies, videos and play music but it just doesn't work. I'm a heavy user on google services and I don't get much use from the web browser but I'm still trying to figure out what is going wrong. I'll be returning this one and will get a different brand or device and save myself $200.   Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   If you have one of those crappy keyboards that doesn't have a number pad then the keys are so tiny and hard to use that you will never want to use them. It makes it impossible to hit a key when you are trying to use it. I really wish that they would give the keys a normal size like the other ones.  Other than that, this is a great keyboard. It has nice, bold and easy to use caps lock and numbers keys and a pretty good function key set. The only thing I don't like about it is that you cannot change the backlight. I'm sure if they would do this, it would be a lot easier to use, but I don' think I'd mind too much.  the best keyboard I have ever bought and a great investment. .  and finally: a tip for all you power users, just put a keyboard macro in the.zip file! The macro is for the backspace function which works just like the one you get with the macro keys in OSX. Just put a macro in there and it will work like a charm.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________________________________________ I love my new iPad. I can browse the web or work. However, I am using it with a Bluetooth speaker for music. I want it to be connected to my TV, but my cable company (Comcast) only allows me to use Bluetooth in the car. I would love to have it be able to play music from my iPod or CD player. I love to watch my videos with my Bluetooth speaker but I can't connect it to my HDTV. I'm really upset with Comcast's lack of support and the ridiculous charge. I wish I could get my money back or have my TV service change to a better one. This was a bad investment. _______________________________________________________  Rated 5 out of 5 by Marge from Great product! I purchased this adapter and it works perfect with my iPad. It has 2 USB ports and one Ethernet port, so it works with almost all of the Apple devices that I own. The only thing that I have to say bad is that it's very bulky. It's a little hard to insert the adapter into my car. But once you get it in you can plug in your iPod and still have room in the center console for other things.  The adapter and the bluetooth speaker are great. It does exactly what it is supposed to do. . It would be really nice if it had 3.5mm input and output, but it has those two. ,
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is the second time I have had this device, and it is still terrible. I bought it because it was the cheapest way I could get an iSine with a high quality microphone. I would not buy it again. I use it to record my son, and the noise and distortion is unbelievable. It has no bass, and I can't find a way to make it work. It's useless. I've tried to fix the problems on the website and they do not fix the issues. The device is useless.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This little device is worthless. You can see everything on the LCD screen and no way to turn off the recording and you can't even turn off your phone. It's the worst kind of gadget.  I wish I'd never bought it. Overall:    I like my new   phone, however the camera is great for photos I suppose. I also do like my   Phone  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This item worked fine until I started using it. It starts acting up, the battery level goes down, and it turns off while running the computer. The only way to get it to start up again is to shut down the computer, hold down the power button and restart the unit. The item needs to be sent back for a replacement.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My computer has always been working perfectly, but now I have this  a/c unit, which is not even functional and has no battery. If I have to pay $100 a month for this   it will be worth every penny. Read the full review
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this keyboard for 3 weeks and it is a total piece of shit,its always working but only on the keyboard itself the mouse is terrible, i use a mouse on my laptop so i get tired of all the clicking and the computer wont work well, when i put in a usb hub to it works like a charm but it costs 3 times as much for a usb to usb hub  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone for a year or so and i hate it. i got it on sale and had it for around 2 days of use before it finally just shut off the moment i turned it on. im really disappointed in this product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The first I ever purchased from the makers of this product was a Samsung Galaxy S2, it is one of the most powerful smartphones you can get. The only problem I have with it is the screen and the battery life is horrible. I have had it for over a year and it still works like a snot bulb and I am constantly losing power. So be warned, this is not a good product. I will not purchase any more of them.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this tv for a while now, it has many minor bugs and glitches in it's operation, the one that i do have a problem with is the remote that you can type in text to find an channel, every time i try to go to find a channel, the remote will not turn on, i have tried everything to fix this problem. there are many other small bugs on it as well, i really like the design of it but these bugs are really bad. if they fix these issues this tv would get a 5 star rating.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is an interesting little device. It's got a micro-usb socket, a micro usb connector, a headphone jack, 2 usb slots, headphone and microphone jack, a 2.5mm mic jack, and the power button is on the rear of the unit. It has a very small button which is very easy to press (as is the micro-USB socket). If I could say a downside of this device is that the batteries tend to drain very fast.  I've used it 3 or 4 times and had to plug it in every 2 or 3 minutes.   The device itself is a little on the small side and only has one USB port.  The micro usb is so small and it's really easy to get the wrong connection. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It doesn't connect to any phone or data network. So we just use it as a wireless mouse. The screen is not good. It is dark and has a lot of glare. Not a good option for night time viewing. Was this review helpful? Yes No
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I really like this product. I use it for music and it works great. But it is just a toy. I have had a great audio speaker system for over 30 years and I have never felt the need to replace it. The reason I am writing this is that I recently bought the iPhone and after getting one I did the same thing. It was the same, I could not get it to work. I thought I would try it on my computer. Unfortunately, after plugging it in I got the same result. I think my bad connection to the iPhone is to blame because this is the first iPhone I've had. I've used my computer for over 20 years and never had this problem.   Also, I have read that this is a different product than my old one, but I did not get that one and I do not know what it is. I did buy my iPhone 6 and my old unit from Apple was a $1,000 system with the same features. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   In the first year of owning a Samsung, I lost the battery due to a faulty phone. I took it to a local store and they suggested I return it and get the new phone. The cost of the new battery was about the same as buying a new computer.  It was really funny that this was an electronic device and had to be returned. I just assumed the replacement batteries would be of better quality. That was the only way I could see of saving the battery. I have been using the same brand and model of the computer since. , August 6, 2012 - Anonymous Reviewed by: This product was very nice. I think its a great deal. But this is not a replacement for the battery. I replaced the battery with a more durable battery, but it was still difficult to start up. This battery is still bad, its not as good as the one i replaced. - Mike R., June 14, 2012
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This thing just isn't the greatest but I did buy one for an old laptop I was working on. Had the screen cracked when I got it and a broken cable that the screen wouldn't work right and the other one had a terrible display. Bought the 4GB micro sd and ran into the same problems. Also I have a lot of songs that only last about 3 hours. The other 3GB micro SD works good, but I can't get a better screen.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I used this for a week, and now I have two broken buttons and it has been a year. This is the worst gadget I have ever used. I bought a Kindle for $10, bought this as a replacement for $4.00. I am just a lowly person, who bought a useless piece of crap. It's a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am very disappointed with this product.   It has a large screen which seems to be very high resolution (5.6 inches) but is way below the resolution of my Samsung Galaxy S3 (5 inches).   The screen is very grainy and looks horrible on the S3. There is hardly any picture on the screen with only a smattering of the colors. It is difficult to read text and the screen is just blurry.  : This is my first ever review and I was very upset with this purchase. I bought the 5.6 inch phone, this was supposed to be an awesome product, so why the hell is the screen so grainy. It's almost as if it is not even there on the phone. It also has a terrible design.   I am a huge fan of the Nokia N9 and I have been using it since I was a child. My only complaint is how large it is, it almost looks as if the company just rushed it and not thought of the design.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this unit about 6 months ago and it is a great unit, it is great for my 3 year old to have her doll on it as a remote for the tv and games. My 1 year old loves to play with it. The main problem I have is when I turn it on it does not detect that it is turned on. I just get this weird buzzing noise in the audio output but that's not so bad as it would be if the unit was off. I've seen a lot of negative reviews but I think they are due to a lack of knowledge about the unit and how it works. I'm sure there are many more out there but for the price this is a very good unit. I would recommend this to anyone if you have kids and this is what you want to buy for your kid.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I got the T5001 a few years back. I bought the cheap unit off ebay for $50. I figured it was ok. It was until I used the keyboard. The key was always out of the clickable position and my hands would be sweating. I thought the unit was faulty. So I decided to upgrade it to a T5004. This unit came with a nice warranty and had a good lifetime warranty. I used it for about a year. The problem I started to have was the T4001 didn't have the same issues. I think this one has it in it's DNA. It's an all in one device and if there is a problem with this unit you will only have to buy another one. The T4002 and T5003 are all you need to use a laptop. It does all the typing for you and even has built in screen brightness controls and a mouse. I don't know what it will do for a tablet or something but I can't wait to try it. I am a very happy user of this unit. I've read a lot of good things about this device and I hope that other people who have issues with this one will read my review and realize that it is not their fault.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had a Motorola s200 for 2 years and a s100 for 1 year.  It takes a lot of memory to run.  I bought an external drive that was not very large and the memory would not run with that.  After buying the external drive I purchased the 3gb internal drive and was happy with that as well.    After upgrading both the external and internal drive I now have to put all my music and videos on the external as it takes up the same amount of memory as the internal drive.  The s200 and s100 just aren't compatible with it's size.  If you want to upgrade an internal and you can't afford to buy a whole new computer I recommend that you look for a new computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!   - I tried to buy another one, but they just told me that there was one available at a higher price, it had some faults, but it would be perfect, I don't have the budget for a high end laptop/tablet anymore, and they did not even offer my 30 day refund for this.  - they are very expensive, I think the quality of their components is very poor, I am trying to replace it now with an Apple keyboard from a friend of mine who bought an apple ipod before they got it, but I got the feeling that Apple will never offer me this good quality keyboard again, not for a couple of tens of dollars less.  The whole thing just seems very strange, why are the prices of the products so high for these very cheap items?   My advice, don't try to buy from them, it's just another scam!  Good for the price but not for the performance and features. - The keyboard of my old laptop was so unreliable that it was almost unusable. Now I have a new one from this company and I don`t like it, because it is not as nice as my old keyboard and I wish the manufacturer would have spent a bit more to upgrade it.  on the other hand, the power supply and mouse are both great, so I can´t say it is a bad product.  as i don`n know if this is related to my previous review:  My old laptop had a bad battery which was replaced. So I bought this new battery for this computer and it worked flawlessly. But after a while the old battery was replaced, and I thought it would work perfectly fine until I noticed the old one was still alive. I tried it again and it still wasn't working. I checked the battery in the manual but there is nothing about it being a bad one. My computer is now a week old and the battery is dead. I bought another one from another site and it works flawlessly as the old was. Is there anything in this company that you don`nt trust?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________________________________________  I bought this to replace my old portable cd player and was looking for something small and light enough to carry around. I got this for the sole purpose of taking it on camping trips and other long trips. I would highly recommend this product for it's price.   I have used this on the back of my truck and even in my bike bag. I do not know how I would do without it now. I think I will use it all the time.  Good device but don't think it will last. I bought this a few days ago to replace an old CD player for my car. The CD player was very nice but not worth replacing. I was also thinking about replacing my laptop with the same player.  of course I took it to an audio store for a tune up. The store tech said it works fine but the sound quality was very poor. So I sent it back. The next day I received a second one but that is where it ended. This cd player is very sensitive to vibrations. When you move it, the sound goes out of it. Very poor sound quality. I am going to return it. I'm looking for an alternative to get more quality for the same money.  a decent product. I used this as a travel companion for a month on an airplane and was happy with it. Just wished the volume was a little higher, but that was expected. The thing is super light too so the thing really flies. It takes up very little space in your luggage and makes for great travel companions. . I purchased a second for my wife. It is super easy to use. It plays a decent quality sound and does not hurt your ears like some people stated it would. It has a small button on the remote control which has a big range of adjustment to play from medium to very loud. I believe the remote is very easy to program.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   We got these as a gift for a husband and wife. We were both using our iPods for our iPhone music playing. These iPods don't have the best sound quality. When we turned them on the music was very distorted and poor quality. They were also quite loud and we had to crank them up to hear any of our music. I was disappointed as we could not hear the music from the iPods. The quality of the sound was very poor when we used them for our music playing in our living room. We ended up giving them back and bought the Beats by Dre that are just as good as these iPods if not better.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, August 03, 2010  No Beats?  by A Customer from St. Louis MO USA  Pros: I have no idea why a high quality Apple product would be discontinued. Beats by Dr Dre are just a lot better  Cons: I wish Apple would have listened to our customers who prefer Beats  Review: As for the music quality I think they work fine for music. For phone calls and podcasts I would just use my phone.  it's hard to believe that Apple has made this change to its music player.  and to think i had to pay a $2999+ for a phone...
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   "They did not work. After I ordered them, I waited for a couple of weeks for them to arrive. But when I tried to use them, the buttons did not function. I ended up replacing them with another brand. "  See all 5 customer reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I purchased this thing in the fall of 2012, when it was on sale. I thought the first few uses were OK, but now it is just a huge pain. I have tried to put my phone in and out of this thing, it has the ability to hold the phone with both phones attached to it. If you want to have one single phone on your phone, then this thing is perfect, but if you have two phones with them, it is useless. Also, it takes my battery with it. I don't even get charged with the one connected. And even if I do, it's still taking up so much space. This thing is the worst thing that could possibly be put in my phone. It should be called the "toxic-device-in-my-phablet." I hope it never comes back on sale again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought this about two weeks ago. I did not even get a chance to use the speakerphone as I live in an area with no internet connection. This thing has a speakerphone on it that works but there is no dial tone or any way to listen to the incoming calls. It is an absolutely horrible phone and I have never had a device be this bad before. I am going to try to send it back as it is not worth the purchase price and the customer service has no idea how bad this product is.  What I have been using: A few years ago when my phone was getting so old that I would have to pay an extra $20 to get a new one, I bought a Bluetooth headset that had a built-in phone. I got very good service and the sound quality was great. Unfortunately after a couple of years of using it, it began to make buzzing noises. I tried the Bluetooth headset the next day and I'm still receiving buzzing noises, it is really annoying and I need to have my phone removed. When I tried to put it back on the next morning, the buzzing was even louder than before! I got tired of it and now I have a Bluetooth headphone. Very happy with it and will continue to use it but I really wish the buzzing noise was gone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing sucks, really.  The screen is extremely small and dim (although the video quality is still OK).  It will display the time on screen, but the second time you turn the device on the display goes dark.   I wish it had the ability to "turn on" from off.  There's no ability to adjust the display brightness either.  (Update:    The "off" button on the side of the screen is actually a power button.) Review by Mark H. This is a simple but efficient way to store your data. I have about 25 gigabytes of music on my computer, and many of these songs are in WAV format.  So I use the card to put the songs on the SD card, and use it as a digital music recorder.  In addition, I use it to store audio of my home movies (mostly low resolution), as well as my old home movies, music from my cassette recorder, and other stuff.  I also store my email (because the email address is the same on my phone as the computer), and my photos.  The only complaint I have is that the audio quality is poor.  One way to fix that is to use a USB microphone, and record it directly from the card.  If you want to get really creative, you can record it through an SRS (Sony R-D1) or UHF antenna. Review from James J. I was having a difficult time getting my music to record properly with my iPod. I had an external recorder and I used that, and finally, I got it to work for music. The thing is that if you plug the recorder in from your computer, or your computer's USB port, it won't record.  This card works with both.  Now the card comes with an SD card reader which is a nice plus. I just plug my phone or tablet into the computer and it just records.  It is a great little tool for storing music and movies on a phone, a tablet, or a computer.  This is a very inexpensive way to record digital video! I bought this after getting frustrated because I couldn't get my digital camera to record video. I wanted to use the flash drive with the camera and record video, but I found that with the flash memory cards, you could only record video up to 1080p. I then found a camera that had a built in recording option, and
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The  iPad Mini is not capable of delivering a crisp, clear sound or image and I found it hard to listen to music or videos for a length of time. I also find the screen to be too bright. Overall, the  mini's camera is also a downgrade and it's not clear when it will be fixed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My samsung phone is very slow. Whenever I try to send a message to someone on my contact list I receive the error "Not enough data". I think this is because it doesn't have any data storage. After trying for a long time to send the message to some people and no reply I decided to return it. My sony phone is a little faster and works almost the same. The only difference is the sony has a wifi radio. If I don't use any wifi I can't use it. So I have to give the samsung a 5 stars!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, March 06, 2016  Not the best, but still a great phone  by Bruce from Fort Lauderdale FL USA  Pros: Fast and reliable  Cons: Camera, Bluetooth  Review: My wife and I recently purchased a used Note 5. I love it, it's fast, reliable and fun to use. One problem, however, is that it doesn�t have the great camera, voice recorder, and great gaming features that the newer phones have. That said, it is very powerful for its price range, and is a great buy.  Good: Good performance, good battery life, good camera.  the camera is not good, it has a big aperture, but the pictures are grainy and the colors are too bright.  of course, the biggest downside is that the speakers sound terrible. I would rather pay more to get a phone with great speakers.  is a good phone with lots of features and lots of good looks  Phone: I don�t like the battery life as the battery only last 2-3 hours. It's nice if you can find a charger for this phone, but it is hard to find a place to charge it.  with the 5.2 megapixel camera, you can take amazing pictures, and the voice recorder is really great. the only thing is that sometimes the phone won't connect to the charger and the battery just dies. I wish there was a software that could turn on the screen on the phone and make the screen be always on. 1 of 1 people found this review helpful
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ____________  I have a Logitech C270, purchased the new one for my daughter. First it would lock up on me and if I tried to turn it off it would not turn off. After calling customer service the person told me that I needed to buy another one. After a week, my daughter returned it. She said that it was not working. I brought it back to get another one and then they told me the problem was that the batteries were not properly charged. I have also purchased several other things from the company. But if you want the latest technology you should look elsewhere!  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, June 08, 2013  Perfect  by William from Chicago IL USA  Pros: great  Cons: none  Review: Great product  Works great for my old laptop (Lenovo Thinkpad T460), and my new HP dv7.  No dead pixels, no dead connections, and my CPU usage is well under 100%  It has been 4 years since I last had a computer. -  Priced right. .  the only thing that is missing is USB 3.0.  of course I could always buy a dock, but as I mentioned before, I have a laptop and am not going to buy one. ,  The other review was about the new wireless charging technology, but with my old battery, it would charge to full when I was on the bus or walking to work, but when I returned it, it charged to about half. I would love to be able to charge at work.  in my opinion, the wireless charging is just fine, just not perfect.  The only con that I had with the new battery was that it would get hot very quickly. I wish it would be as quiet as the old batteries.  is it possible to add a small LED to the top to indicate when the battery is low?  Thanks  Very good product!  ofc its a little smaller now that its smaller, but its still a good product, its a great laptop  Great product , great battery  This review is from: Lenovo ThinkPad T460 - 11" 1366 x 768 Intel Core i7 - 4GB DDR3 400MHz - 250GB 5400 rpm - 512GB - HP Wireless 1810 - Blue Backlit Touchpad with Numeric Pad - Blu-ray Disc
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! I am a user of a "smart" TV/Cable box (Samsung S4 mini). When the Smart TV was new, it was ok. Now it is extremely slow and has stopped working. I don't understand how a device that is supposed to "tell" me what is happening when the channel is on, can be slow and useless. This is a huge disappointment because the SmartTV is in the same area as my Internet connection. I'm a business man and need to be able to do business on the internet. I really don't care for having the TV to view online content in the home. I will be returning this device.  Noise and static at the TV:  There was a couple of loud static noises (and lots of static) at night. It was definitely not a problem during the day. It is a minor annoyance, and not at all noticeable. The only issue with the TV was the way it worked. For a couple days, it would randomly change between being in standby, to being in sleep mode. This happened to me several times. I never had a problem with the "smartness" of this product (not being able to change channels). However, the device needed to be plugged in for it to be in sleep modes, and I could not change the channel through the TV itself without going through the remote. The problem was not really with the technology. It just needs to be better thought out.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    As a professional photographer I have been using this camera for over a year now. I was very impressed with the features, user interface and overall quality of the camera. However I have a very important complaint about the camera - the lens mount has not come off! I used it on a Canon 70D and it works perfect for a pro level camera. The only thing that is annoying is that the lens cap gets caught by the motor and starts to shake uncontrollably. I am not sure if this is normal for the lens or a defect in the product. I have read about people replacing their lens caps with new ones, but I am hesitant to do that as I would not want to remove the lens from my camera and then buy the new cap. The camera is nice and heavy but I would be disappointed to find out after a few years of use that the front and back are the only parts that still worked. I would rather take my chances and get it repaired later. But I just had to say what I believe about the lens mounts.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this laptop for over a year and it gets the job done, but ive been using it for a little more than that and its been dying more and more. the keyboard keys are really mushy, and its starting to feel like there is a "sticky" feeling to the keyboard and the touchpad feels like it has no tactility, as if you can't feel it with your finger. it gets better and better each time its plugged into a usb, as the battery depletes faster and faster every month or two. I love this laptop and my job requires me to use it a lot, but i wish i'd just bought the original instead of the new.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is a really bad deal for the price. I bought this to replace an iPhone 2s. The phone was not working properly. After a few days of trying to solve the problem, the phone suddenly turned itself off. I was stuck with the old phone and have now tried everything to get it working again. This is not a good buy and it will most likely cost you more than the old one did to fix itself.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Anonymous from Great little device. This little device works as it should, if you can get it to work. I have had it for two weeks and it is working fine. I'm still waiting on an adapter and the proper plug to make it work with a 9 pin motherboard, I bought a 4 pin USB to Serial converter with some other parts from the store that I thought might be a good substitute. The problem I had is the device just doesn't seem to be getting the information it needs from the chip it is trying to communicate with. The chip is just sitting there like nothing is happening. It is so simple to open up the device to get to the chip that I'm pretty sure I should have bought it for that alone. I just wish there was something more than a simple instruction booklet to explain this whole thing to me and that they didn't require you to have a connection cable between the device and a computer before you can use it. The USB is the only connection I've found that works with it. I've just had to read the instruction manual for a while because it is so easy to open the box, take out a chip, plug in a cable, and plug it back into the device. A great little device! The screen doesn't get too bright, it works perfectly! And the battery life is great. The adapter I got had a short on the output plug of the 4 pin connector, but I'm not sure if it's a problem with that particular adapter. If you're looking for a small device to use with an Arduino, this may be what you're after. I really like this little board, I've always liked Arduino devices, but this one is so little. It's very easy to use. It's pretty cheap, so it is worth the money. I'd buy it again. I would definitely recommend it. It works as advertised. The only thing I'd change is to have to the instructions in English. If they can put them in English
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive owned this item about two weeks. its been on for a month and it wont turn on anymore, when i put it in a charger it will turn on but wont power on. i have tried everything possible to fix this. the charger is completely dead. i couldnt even put it into a computer. i think it is a bad plug?  Good but beware: I bought this unit to replace my iphone 3G because of the fact that i had my ics2 in the closet and needed to have the same phone for business calls/emails and i was able to use my icespider to take pictures of my ips when i was at work. i was using my ive's but i have to say that im satisfied and ive made the switch back to ics 2.  Best iphones ever: I have owned my iple for about 3 years and love it, I am currently using my ipod touch 4. The iple and icespan have made it a pleasure to use and save my data.    The iple has really saved me a lot of money.  (Posted on 3/22/2013)  I LOVE IT!  My wife and I use iple as we never get our iPhones or iphoned, I really liked that its small, so easy to carry with one hand. Its really easy to get a picture of a friend and send via email or the internet, It's great for business and a great little gadget. , the only thing I would suggest is that iple was a little bit expensive at first. Now that you can get a new one on iceland.com it's definitely worth every penny. I like it and would definitely recommend it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using a tivo for over 5 years now, for everything from my job as a janitor and house cleaner to recording my favorite show from the past 30 years. It's a good device for the price, but i have had no complaints and there have been many problems. ive had a few problems with the tape being corrupted during the week, so if you have the same problem just delete the tape, but the other problems, ive noticed are as follows:1. If the tv is turned on it will play the first episode of whatever show i was recording during the previous week.2. If im watching it live (and its in the living room) the tv wont have the sound from the tv on the TV. the sound i have gotten is something like the sound that i got from the radio, but worse3. The tv is still not always in the correct spot.i found this out when i was watching a TV show that had a scene in it where the tv was in a different room, this was my second episode and it took me a while to figure out how to fix it, because im not really good at fixing the tv. (its been like that for over a year now)4. I have the blu ray player and the tv plays the blu rays and i have to turn it off and on again, this also happens when i have my tv on during the night so i can watch tv for later in the morning. I dont want to do that.5. If you change the channel, its not always the same picture.6. If it is really hot outside and the remote is in the air, the TV wont even turn on and you cant watch it, it wont even run off of batteries anymore.7. There are so many different buttons and you have to find them all or you will get confused. 8. imex, i was reading on the box, that the remote can go out of the box for warranty reasons, but this is untrue, imecs have only gone out for repairs once, which was during the winter. Ive purchased an imec 2 from Amazon, and it has worked for me and ive owned 3 imeccs from that company. (i was the first person to review one imecu from here)9. If i go to do an update to my software on my pc, my pc will crash in that update, even if i change the drivers to a
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________   This is a good speaker for the money but i could not make it work in my car!  Great for portable I'm not a big fan of sound quality on portable speakers. However, I have used it quite a lot with my iPhone 6, the sound quality is very nice and I can enjoy my music more.   I use it for my iPhone, iPad, Apple Music. And I like it.   The only problem I have had is the volume control button is not a normal button. You have to use a fingernail to press the button and it's difficult. But its not bad. The only other problem is there are no options to control the volume and when I have tried them it doesn't work.   (i'm sorry if this isnt the best review for it)  Good for the price I bought this to use it with my ipad pro 2 as I'm using it at home as a portable speaker for my wife who has an ipad. I'm satisfied with it but I'd recommend for anyone looking for a decent portable speaker that doesn't break the bank for a great quality speaker.   A good purchase for the cost.  Excellent portable sound My wife used this when she came over on the weekend to hang out with us. The sound was really good and I love that you can use it in the car too. It doesn't have the best sound quality at high volumes but it's great for the time we needed to listen to music when it's noisy out. I would buy this again and highly recommend it!
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ______________ This is by far the worst Bluetooth controller I've ever owned. It will not be a priority in my new system, as the input is way off, and the display is the worst out of any of the controllers I have owned. I got this as a replacement for my old TMC-1000s. This controller is a complete piece of junk.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!This was my first purchase from ecigstore and it has been a very good one!!! The quality of the device is very good and the vapor taste and taste is just amazing!!! I'm very pleased with this product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I had the first model of this I bought. I was very impressed, but it had a few flaws: 1) The buttons are hard to press 2) The screen is very low resolution 3) The battery lasts only 10 hours on a charge 4) You can't change any setting without plugging it into an outlet. I have had mine for about 2 years and my battery is starting to die and it doesn't last long. And now, this... 5) The charger works perfectly, but the plug is really weak and it's hard to move. And the batteries last 2 months or less 6) I don't like the device because it is so fragile, and I'd have to buy a different device if I needed to replace my battery. All of that is true. If you don't know the features of the product and just want a simple, small, quiet speaker that plays music, you'd probably like it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for two weeks now and i really hate it, its terrible, the buttons are all stuck and very hard to press, i can barely type, the screen gets extremely hot when i press the hotkeys, even when i have it on the lowest setting the screen is so hot that its almost unbearable to use on any level. it should have just been removed a long time ago.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I really liked the sound quality but the device would randomly stop working after a month or so of regular use (which is fine for the time being, I guess). I would recommend this if you have a compatible Bluetooth device such as the M-Audio BX3 or the Audio-Technica ATH-M50x. Also, I would buy this over the Bose QC35, but there is an issue with the BOSE QC35 - if the volume on this is too high, it will switch to the internal speaker when you switch songs, but with the volume too low, it can't switch to external speaker, so if you play music in the background while using the QC35 as a background music player and the volume is too low or not set right, it is really annoying. Overall, it sounds decent enough, but that annoying issue is still there.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, October 27, 2010  Good at a Price  by A Customer from Santa Rosa CA USA  Review: This is a great, inexpensive bluetooth earphone. You can hear well and it is quiet. I like that it can be used as an external speaker. I use it with my iPhone and am happy with it. I have had it for a month and it works like a charm.  "The one thing that I dislike about it is that it doesn't come with a hard case. It also doesn't go with your phone in your pocket like the QC. It is still a great product for the price and the hard case will help to protect the earphone from accidental falls."  The QC35 is a wonderful piece of equipment for the money. If you're looking for a reasonably priced bluetooth headset, this is it.  a good Bluetooth headset  My experience with the QC was good; not fantastic. I'm a professional audio engineer/technician who used to wear hearing aids. I had used these for several years on a regular basis, but recently switched to the B&W BX series as the high-end models require a much higher-quality hearing aid. The QC35 was not as nice as the BX35's, but I can understand why B&O does not offer an external solution for the B series. The hearing aid company is aware of the problems and has developed an external system with their own noise cancelling technology. This hearing aid is definitely superior to the QC
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ********* IT WENT AWAY I purchased the Samsung Galaxy S4 today with this device in my backpack. I was trying to check out and it was on the other side of the building so I couldn't get it to charge on my laptop. I took it off the charger and the screen went off. I went to go try to get the phone to charge using my computer and it wouldn't work. I turned off my laptop and it works with the phone now. Not impressed at all, not one star.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I've owned the HPSP20 for over a year now, and it's an excellent little device. The unit is a bit of a hassle to set up due to a number of different connections on the back. The buttons can be hard to find, and the controls are far too small to use properly. I've seen others mention the remote is too small for the back buttons, but I'm not sure how this could be a problem.   Another issue is the battery life is pitiful. In fact, it's so terrible that it's almost unusable. I'm very happy to see it's still sold, as I do have other devices that use a similar style.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My phone stopped working because it had been sitting on the table, never charged, for weeks! Called Samsung to get the phone fixed and they said "It's not defective." Then to make matters worse, after the repair I got a 2nd phone from Samsung for free.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing needs to get a battery, or at least a charger, or I am going to have to replace the batteries on a lot of these things, and then I have to buy the charger and buy batteries for that, which is very, very expensive. I have the same problems with my other batteries. You just can't keep replacing those, because the batteries just wear out.  I like the unit a lot, but... Review by JIM  Quality Price Value I purchased this unit to go with my TRS-80 as a replacement for my original TRS. It works well. It is a little loud when I am playing. Also, I have found a very few problems with it. The battery has a hard time keeping it's charge after a few minutes. When I get home from work, it still needs charging. The problem is that there are no instructions that say how to put the battery back in the unit after you have installed it, and if you don't follow the instructions, it will not get its full charge. When the battery is fully charged, the battery will not hold its charge for an extended period of time. This also seems to be common with many other units that have this problem. I've also noticed that when I turn the unit on or off, it makes a loud noise. This is very annoying and I hope the manufacturer fixes this problem as well. I also have another problem with the unit. It requires an adapter to work with other computers and is not compatible with the Atari Pong computer. This may not be a problem for everyone, but I would like to know if you are making these adapters for other computers.  for the money this thing is a good one. you have to keep an eye on the batteries though because they are not a good idea to change every few months. I just like it and it works well for me  It works. But: Review by David  Price Value Quality This product works. I bought a new one to replace my broken TRS as I got a replacement and one of the old batteries was getting low. This replacement battery has lasted 5 years. Great product that I wish I would have purchased. , I hope my replacement battery lasts longer. .
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This unit is terrible. It was extremely slow, had the ability to drain my battery at a fast rate. The other day I bought it as a back up to my PC's monitor. I noticed a "bleeping" noise when I turned the unit on. The unit worked, but was just as slow and noisy as the PC's. I was going to give it a negative because of the issues I have had with this unit, but I think this is a bad unit. I will be canceling my order and getting a different product. The company I purchased it from said it would be sent to me on Monday, and I received it last week, on Tuesday, and it is even worse than the PC monitor. It is a huge disappointment.  Rated 1 out of 5 by Anonymous from Disappointed in this product I was very happy with my purchase of a new 27inch 4K monitor. But when I started installing it this morning it had all three cords attached but did not connect to my mac. The monitor has a 2.5mm headphone jack. I had to contact customer service and tell them that it was a different monitor and that the new monitor would not be working with my Mac. I returned the product and received a new one which did work. I would recommend avoiding this purchase unless you are a Mac user. ,  Very good for my needs at first,but after several months the HDMI port is not working at all,there is only a 4pin jack
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: *************************** The Samsung Galaxy Nexus *********************** was so-so, even with its huge 5.0 inch screen, the buttons were stiff, and the screen and buttons were very glossy. The phone was difficult to use in some situations and even more so in others. It was quite sensitive, but it did not come without the price. With no CDMA support (there were plans to offer it) and only USB and Micro SD ports, I do not recommend this phone. ****************** My Rating: ************** *********************
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- When I first received my new ipad, it worked great. Unfortunately after two weeks I was able to not get the keyboard to respond. This led me to believe that the ipad screen was broken. A new keyboard was ordered and I was to have it a week after. After two weeks, I had to use my old ipad to work on my project and it works perfect for me. So I decided to return my ipad. I was surprised to find out my old keyboard worked perfectly. I'm now having to buy an ipad and keyboard from Best Buy to use this computer. I think I will not be purchasing ipads from Bestbuy again.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using this product for 2 yrs now, and it has been working fine for the most part. ive had one malfunction on it (the only problem i have had) ive heard that it will have trouble working at full capacity on some batteries, and some batteries wont go full power on it at all (but will go full on the chargers) i tried all of the charger, but to no avail.  it wont even charge it self! and it does only charge half as fast as my iphone!  i would not recommend this device, unless you have a good battery.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Matrix Matrix M12 12V 3A 1000mAh High Power Li-Ion Battery - 12V, 3A with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Blog.  and see the added bonuses! .  at least a $50 coupon code. ,  and you will also qualify for the Evikes.com In Store Promo Bundles.  of the product:
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     A few of the features are pretty good. It's super easy to read and operate. I'd recommend it to a friend or family member.  My one problem is that it's just hard to find anything to use it with. For example, all the speakers are mounted on the bottom of the case, so they won't work with my iPhone. But they will work on any other phone or tablet. It's not designed to be used with a computer because it uses only one USB port. You have to buy a adapter if you need to plug in another USB cable or power adapter, which adds cost. So I'm stuck using my computer, and the iPad. In conclusion, I was surprised at the quality of this little device. If you are looking for a new iPad or a new cheap way to watch movies, this is the perfect gadget for you. To get more information about this product, visit: http://www.Apple.com  4 of 4 people found the following review helpful: great little iPad  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This is a decent little piece of equipment. The problem is, that it does not do what it is supposed to do. I have a Sony A6500 and it doesn't work well with a PC. I tried it with my laptop, but the sound is all wrong. There are no bass lines in the audio. It has almost no treble and a very narrow bass frequency. It doesn't even have that. The sound is awful. My Sony doesn't. Now, I would like to be able to transfer files from my computer to my Sony. But that is not what the Sound Blaster is for.   Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from Worth Every Penny! I love this little device! I've only used it a few times and I've been enjoying it. It's lightweight, compact, and simple to use. I like that you can use it to control a TV or video player, but also use it for streaming music from your computer or to control your router. The quality is decent, but not stellar by any means. I did have to tweak the software a bit, but it did work.  Customer Testimonials
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product worked great until one day I had to run out of juice and couldn't get it to charge, but there was a big red arrow right above my unit, I tried charging for about 5 minutes without even taking the unit off, and it still didn't charge, then when I took the unit out of the charger it was still dead! Tried a few different chargers, one with a different connector, different batteries, this one, none would charge it! So I put it in a drawer and didn't use it for the rest of the month because I felt so bad. I wish the manufacturer would add more battery life, I feel like if they were smart enough to add extra features it would be a good unit. Not the best I've owned but it was great until this happened.  It's been 3 years!   I had a similar one that worked perfectly until one month it died and now the same one dies every few weeks. I was told it was the cable I bought from them that was to blame. Now I'm going back to use my old one that works perfectly! If there was anything that worked just a little better I would buy it. I like it very much but the quality of the plastic is horrible and I can feel the plastic slipping as I type. .    My brother bought one for his truck and loves it  I bought one of these units to replace a bad one in a truck. The truck went over 100,000 miles with it before getting a replacement. The first one was a little hard to get to the phone. The replacement is much easier. My unit does not hold a charge well. It only holds 1,000-1,200 mAh. A month of the first battery being dead gave me a headache, the second battery is a little less. The phone does not work as well as a phone would work with a new battery. Battery life is ok.   But as a cheapo truck that is used regularly, the cheapo cell is fine.  a year and 1,200 miles later, the other battery was dead. I checked my phone battery by putting it in the charger for an hour and the phone was still there. So the cell must be holding something down. The other battery is almost dead now. So I'll be looking at an even cheaper phone, and will stick with the cheap cell.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  this doesn't work as advertised.  It can turn on, but only in bright light.    I put it on the table, and when I turned the lights on it didn't work.  I tried turning the brightness up and down, but it only went from "off" to "on" again.  It should be a simple, easy, quick and effective system for reading.  The only reason it doesn't do this is because I didn't do it right the first time.  This is a product with great potential. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This was my first wireless keyboard, and I could never find a good one. It took a while to find one that was ok. It was a great purchase, and the keyboard worked great for a while. I have now had it for over a year, and it is still working great! I have purchased two more, and all three are working great. This was the best purchase I have made.   I bought a second one, and put it in a closet, hoping that the first one would die. No dice. This one has now died in the closet, and is now in my desk, waiting to get used.  , which was not my first Wireless Keyboard, but I would say it was my best purchase. The key travel is really good. This keyboard is not perfect. For one thing, it is not very quiet, which may be an issue for someone like me who likes to listen to music on my laptop. My only other complaint is that this keyboard only comes with two usb ports, but if I need more than one port for something, I have to buy a separate cable for my laptop (which I don't want to do). I have a small laptop, and with the smaller keyboard, it just makes it hard to use my keyboard at all.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought these for my iPad 2, iPad Mini and an old iPhone 5 but all of them were dead within 30 days. I've read about other people having the same problems so I thought I'd give them a try. The device that came with my iPad Mini was bad and they gave me a new one for a very good price. The problem is that I keep getting messages from the Apple Support app asking me to set it up to update but when I open it the device doesn't turn on so I can't use it and it is extremely annoying. The last device that I bought (for the iPhone 5) didn't work. I know that it's a small device but it would be nice to have a good battery life. You should read the comments to get more out of your product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!! THIS IS SO RIDICULOUS! I bought this unit because of the awesome reviews on it and was so excited to try it out! The unit worked fine for a few days until i noticed i was not getting any signal! I called and was told the signal was not coming back from my router. I thought it was the power supply but the unit was not working. I had to turn on all my devices and it came back on. I then noticed the unit is on the wall. I'm assuming my router was down at the time because the power was not giving me any signal at all. After calling customer service I was told they have a technician on the way to check out the unit. He never arrived. I called customer service again to see if there was a possibility of my router being at fault and they said they will have the technician on shortly. I still do not have any signal from my cable modem, router and i'm sure the unit on my wall. This has got to be a software problem with the unit or a bad connector or something and i feel this was an over priced unit with no features. Don't waste your time with this thing, it's not worth it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It's okay, but it's cheap. The buttons don't work at all. The LCD screen is very very weak. The screen was not in good condition. The device has a USB port but it is really hard to plug it in. It's slow to display anything on it. And it also has no usb interface. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: _________ I bought this because I couldn't find a good remote for my _________. It's a Sony Playstation 4 controller. This thing is horrible. It doesn't support the gamepad buttons. It has no buttons at all, it doesn't even work. I tried to find a gamepad controller that would work, and they all worked, but they were all way too expensive, like $100+ a piece. So I was going to go with the ps3 remote and my ps4 gamepad to replace it, but when I tried the ps4, the controller wouldn't work at all. I'm not sure what the problem is, but if you can't get it to work, get a cheaper model.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The device is cheap and the screen is crappy.  We have been using this since the device was released and have had to replace several of the other units that I have owned.    The batteries do not last long. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This device has issues with wireless. When connecting to the network I get errors. If you want a wireless device, buy another wireless router, or buy another computer.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, January 27, 2012  Excellent product  by Mark from Atlanta GA USA  Review: I purchased this router at about 3 weeks ago and have been very pleased with the ease of installation and use. I use this for 2 computers. It also has an audio out which is handy for listening to audio files on the computer. I would have no problem recommending this product. /Mark from Atlanta, GA USAExcellent product
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 3 months now. ive got it because i cant afford a better one. its a simple thing but if you really need that speed it will blow your mind.  i love the speed and the way it sounds.  the downside is that it takes forever to get through the song.  to get it done i have to listen to the song for a few minutes then hit start and wait for it to load and play.  but you get the speed in a package that is worth the investment.  ive only had it for 3 months. i think i will buy the pro version when it goes down in price.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Anonymous from The Best I have 2, 1gb, 2gb, 3gb, the only downside is the price, you get what you pay for, but I find the sound of this amp to be much better than any of the others I have, they are all subpar. :thumbsup:  Review of DJM-3003A vs DJM 200-853 Pro I purchased this amp for my personal use as an electronic dj. It is a great device to get rid of the need for a lot of other equipment. I have a pair of Korg RK-9000's that have served me very well. They have always had great sound and are very reliable. This amp has a great sound, so the addition of another Korg is not a big deal. The only real difference is in the power that the amp is capable of generating. The original unit was only capable of 80 watts, and that could be increased to 200W. The new amp can go up to 400w! The only thing I wish is that there were more output settings for more power. 1. The power meter is a bit funky. You can get the amp to work for 20% or so, but at a higher level it never works as expected. 2. The meter on the unit is a little bit wonky. The meters are on a switch with no way to disable them. There are two small lights that go to different sections of the device (that are also on a little switch). The power meters are not really sensitive to power, but the lights are and the power meters need to be switched to read the appropriate light level. I used it on a 4channel system with a DJ mixer and had some issues. 3. The USB port
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    The unit does not charge my phone correctly. My phone is old and the charger has been replaced. I had to go back and buy a new one. My wife said she doesn't know what is wrong and I said that is probably because it is not charging her phone. I am so frustrated that this was so easy to do.   I have had these units for about 3 months now, they have been to use them only once in about 6. I will never be buying these again, they are poorly designed and are too large. I paid about $55 for them, I should have gotten the $29.95 (in Canada) or the $47.95 in the USA. They are not even worth the money.   was so happy to finally find this company for my new electronics. Very good. was able to find the right charger in the US and the company was prompt with shipping. i really didn't want to wait all that extra time, but it was too late. the unit is well built, just be careful getting it out of the package. it has 3 screws that hold the plastic on. use a screwdriver to pry the plastic up.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  "A wise man will not allow his wisdom to flow down his back, but will hold it above his head"
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I bought a new android phone last year. The device came with an app called "Samsung Hub" that allows to share apps and movies on my phone with other users. This app is very useful. However, I had a problem when sharing my Movies and TV shows, I was receiving a message "Your device is not compatible with the Samsung Hub app. This is an important feature to enjoy the entertainment. The Samsung Hub is not available on your device." When i tried to share the files, it said "You are not authorized to share this content." After that it was impossible to share and share was not possible. When i called Samsung support, they could only give me a suggestion to "activate the Samsung hub and share the content." I am very disappointed with Samsung. Please get rid of this feature or give us an alternative way to share content.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I am a first time electronic user and bought this for my 2nd son. It was a good product for the price, but when it arrived I realized there was no return on the purchase.   If the return policy was in place I would have returned it immediately.   and for all those that say that the quality of the sound is good, I have only used it for the most part for a couple of weeks and it is only the same as my iPod2.   the controls were ok but I had to re-do them after a while. The sound was pretty ok for the money.   as well as the sound was ok for a first timer, but if you are a seasoned sound professional I would suggest getting a good quality digital device. I can't think of anything that I am missing.     One other thing, the power and volume controls are hard to use.   (this is for a digital device)   All in all a good purchase, not as good as an ipod2 but it will get the job done.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------ I ordered this charger from the site in the USA about 3-4 weeks ago, I had to go back to the local shop in Canada and get the same product because this is the same charger they sell there in the states.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The battery life on this is amazing. When I first got it, I thought it was an old gadget, and then I went to use it to play music and I was able to listen to my iPod for about 2 and a half hours, then I plugged it in again and it had almost full capacity. But I went on vacation with my wife and my phone died and my laptop went kaput. So this thing was perfect for when I needed to listen music and then leave the house for an hour to run errands. But when I started playing games with my children they started getting upset about the battery life and I decided I didn't want to buy them another device and I'm so glad I didn t have to. I'm going to wait until it dies and then we'll try out a different battery. I do recommend this for kids and adults.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This thing is terrible, there is a light that flashes for a second everytime you turn the thing on. It is extremely annoying. The second problem is that the battery life is so horrible that it will be dead before it charges all the way, unless you are plugged into AC power. If your battery dies, it will not charge, and you can never get it back up because the phone cannot receive new power even though you were using it fully.  Product Reviews Images Dialog Product Reviews Imagesdialog Previous Image Next Image  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I'm using this item for a very specific task, but that task just ended up being a pain in the butt. The charger will only charge the USB cable when plugged in.    Would I buy this product again? Yes  Was this review helpful? Yes
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    It was my first electronic device so i was not that sure about the sound. But it worked fine and it has an excellent range, so it is easy to use. When i want to use it to listen to music (it can also be used for podcasts), the sound is not that great but it's still OK. When I want to play music from my phone or my mp3 player, it works fine but the sound quality is a bit off. The volume is not so good either and it will distort the sound in some songs and will cause distortion if i listen for a while.  Great product    I've had this device for about a month and I have absolutely no complaints. It works fine and the range is very good. There are a couple of settings to adjust, but it is pretty simple to use and the sound itself is better than some of my other gadgets.  the battery life is also very good, the device can last more than 5 hours at a time. , it's pretty small, and the price is very reasonable. The only problem I have with it is that when I use it with my android phone, I can't listen to some tunes because I have to pause them, I had to force the music to play.   I would buy it again.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  It was extremely annoying and was not good quality. It was very annoying that the screen has no brightness controls, and it had a very low battery life, which is why I gave it only three stars. It has a bad design, and is very noisy and it has to be plugged in, which makes it very inconvenient. It also made the phone extremely loud to have to use it in my car.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought several "mini ipods" and they are garbage. they are all dead. i have tried to call them and they have no answer or any response at all. they will not even give me the phone number of their "manager". it is as if they cant even care about their own customers.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Friday, March 27, 2009  Works Great  by A Customer from Elgin IL USA  Pros: Sturdy  Cons: Expensive  Review: The iPod worked fine from the start. It is lightweight and easy to use.  in fact, after a week and a half, i had to replace the battery because it no longer charged. So now I have to purchase a new battery. i guess it works well enough for me. : )  Thanks,  Mike   Was this Review helpful to you? Yes No Thursday, February 06, 2009
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  Not impressed with the speakers in my KEF c500c. I love the sound from my Yamaha RX-V500's but those are the best speakers I have ever owned. My c500's speakers are the crappy plastic tube type I found on the corner of a store in the late 80's or early 90's.  The c500 has excellent sound in a compact design and I can't wait to get the sub to improve the sound a little more.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ------------------------- - I have had two Apple devices. One is an old iphone 4 with a 4gb micro sd card. It works OK for downloading stuff, i have had no problems with it. When it comes to the audio part it sucks. The phone vibrates on and off when you talk. It takes some time for it to turn off if you don't speak. I have to put my phone to sleep or I get all kinds of loud buzzing. I didn't buy the phone for the audio. I bought it for its battery life. You have to charge it 2-3 times for it the to work. It does work for the battery life but not for sound quality. And it has a very tiny speaker. You'll really need headphones.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! i ordered this and ive been using it for about 2 weeks. it works great and i am happy. the only downside to this is that the battery doesn't last very long. the button works fine and it works. but everytime i try to charge it it won't charge. it just stays on the 5% mark. i don't know if its just me or if i should get a new battery.  This item is great! I bought this as a back up to my iphone 6 plus and the battery lasts much longer and with less use. I love that it can switch between charging and discharging and it even comes with two different charging options. The battery is charged from a 2 AA battery so it only lasts about 20 minutes of video on the 2 AA but i love it  Good battery for the money It has a 2A, but it holds a charge and I do not use it much. It can work for 1-2 hours on it's own, and then it needs to be charged. But, for the price, you can't beat it , but this is only for videos, and you have to charge up it at least once a week for it to last a long time. , and the buttons have to be pressed every time you want to turn it on or off  Works as advertised and lasts long. .I only use my ics 10 and ics 15 while i travel and for the most part ics 16 was able to hold up to a full day and a half of video. ics 12 is for travel, i would use the ics 11 and 12 only for back up and if i was traveling, i only use it when the ix would be dead on arrival. For me, ics 18 is my go to battery for travel and to make a backup.   good product but not for every occasion! i bought this battery a couple of weeks ago to replace my last ics battery and i can honestly say that it lasts much less time than the iphones. you have more of a chance of dying, or at least not being able to charge your phone with it. you can use the button to cycle between video and audio.  .i have had this battery for over a week and i've had to charge twice a day just to make sure the batteries have enough power to last. i really liked the battery, but the buttons are just not for me
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   This device has the worst reviews. I bought it as a gift to my son and it did not work. It would not read the file even after I went and purchased the correct one. I went back to B&H and got a new one that works. I did the same thing again a few weeks later and same thing happened. I got this product as a Christmas gift. We've used it for several years and it is our favorite.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this watch out of curiosity. I really wanted one but could not justify paying over $400 for it. I thought that it was ok but I guess not. It looks great but the quality just isn't up to par. My watch has some scuffs on the face and the bezel is cracked. There are several other problems as well. I also bought this device to give to my daughter for Christmas. I got her a Samsung Galaxy S3 which she loved. Now that I have this bad boy my daughter is going to have a hard time getting that money back. The screen is just awful. There's no contrast and even on the brightest setting she cannot read the time very easily. I also have seen others complain about the screen being on the bright side. I just hope that it's something I do to it in a couple of years from now. Bottom line:  I'm not sure if this is worth the price but if you have a Samsung device, get this thing! Overall:   I like the watch for the simple watch functions but its nothing special. It does not impress me with the features it has or the looks. It just doesn't fit the bill and that's it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   i use this for my car stereo, that wasnt working, but all the time the bluetooth wasnt connecting. the blu ray came in, connected but only in the blu-ray drive, so i had to connect it to the blu Ray receiver and turn on it, no dice.   i thought it was an issue with my blu ray device, but when i went to the web site to buy this thing, it took me to a website for all kind of blu ray players and blu ray receivers... so i dont know what it was that was preventing the blu rays from connecting, but i'm very disappointed in it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this phone since the first version. never had any problems until now...i had to open up a new cable because the old one was defective. the phone started to vibrate constantly. i went to buy a new phone but it came in a damaged box. i had to pay an exorbitant amount to repair the phone. if you buy this phone dont expect any help.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, August 30, 2012  by: dl on Wednesday, July 07, 2012   i used to be an early adopter of this model, until i had it stolen and the manufacturer no longer offered service for it.  that's when i switched to a brand new Samsung Galaxy Note II, and have been using it ever since. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had a few cheap flashlights (and many more expensive flashlights) but this one is the only one that actually fails to turn on and i dont really need it. the buttons on the power button and the mode switch are also very difficult to press so you can only use it in the dark. the light isnt bright enough to find where your car or home is but there are so many better lights that have a better user interface for the same price.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, June 29, 2010  Works as advertised  by Anonymous (Makes it easier to replace the bulbs)  Pros: Looks good, is light.  the button is easy to press. -Easy to replace them (just put the original battery in).  Cons: None  Review: This light is very useful for searching for your car keys or other objects. The button to turn the light on is very intuitive, just hit the button and it comes on, no need to press any more buttons. The light is bright and fits in well. The only problem I have is that this light does not turn off, just dims. I would like to have a light for this purpose but can only get a flashlight. But other than that it is great.  orion-m  I have this light and like it very much,  it comes with one bulb which fits into the holder. .  for a light like this it is very good price..  My wife and daughter like it also. ,  is my favorite thing for the car lights for searching.  have to get a big one for the truck. ,  Had it a year or two and it still works well.  in the truck and outside too.  of course this can also be used as a strobe, as they are sold as strobes by many car parts stores.  it is a great tool to have for a safe vehicle search with. . so i give it an 11 and a great product. 's   Was this Review helpful to you, yes no Wednesday, June 07, 2010
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ************************** **************************** This is the first of many problems with this unit. I received the product as promised, and installed it on a Dell notebook. After using it for some time, the unit was no longer recognized as an Intel CPU, and was unable to boot. After removing the unit from the laptop, I discovered that the BIOS had been corrupted, and the Intel CPU number was changed to a 3.4 GHz chip (Athlon II). I contacted the supplier and was told that they had no control over this kind of situation. There are two known problems with these units: 1. When the unit is in hibernate mode, the battery does not fully re-charge. 2. After a long period of inactivity, the system will become non-responsive. This is a common problem with these devices. It is a shame that Lenovo was not able to provide a full warranty, which should have been part of the original price.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I was excited about this device for so long. The "light up" feature is so cool, and the vibration is wonderful, but the screen always shows "Out of Service" for no apparent reason. It also has a dead battery.  I really liked the battery capacity but with the dead battery I would only get about 3.5 days of use from a full charge. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive just received my new samsung smart phone and i must say i hate it. i have it set to vibrate and when i try to use it i get the buzzer sound so its not a problem i think but for the price i cant find any flaws with it, just like everybody else i think it's a waste of money.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for over a year now i really hate it. The thing was in perfect working order when i got it but when i started playing with it a week later the usb port just refused to work and then the thing just shut down i couldnt get it to turn back on at all.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I love my iphone but it has one major flaw, the power button on the right side of the phone. It is always not working. The last time I put the phone to charge on a charger it started to work, then I had to change the power source to USB. After that it still wouldn't charge. It's a great phone, but I wouldn't buy it.  Did you find this helpful? 1 of 1 Found Helpful  Charles  5  Reviewed by:from WV on 4/12/2015
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I got this to replace an old laptop that just had a hardware problem and the whole laptop was dead. I couldn't get it to boot up but after a little searching I decided to give it a try. I thought the first time I had the unit was to hard to figure out, but after the first try, everything worked fine. I had to change the RAM on the motherboard so I don't have to go buy another new one. I have read a lot about the other reviews saying that the keyboard doesn't work properly, and that the screen is very small. Well I have to say that these are a joke. I've had this thing for less than a day and there has been absolutely zero problem with it. The screen is nice, the keyboard works great, and the trackpad works flawlessly. The only negative is the price. At $399 it is absolutely overpriced, but the unit itself is worth it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Monday, March 03, 2016  Excellent  by David in Phoenix AZ USA  Pros: Excellent  Cons: None  Review: I bought this for my 13" MBP and love it. Works perfectly and is very easy to use. Would highly recommend!  Great product and a good value  By Rene in Miami, FL USA  as good as $500 laptop   Pros: I purchased this laptop as a replacement for a similar laptop I bought a year or two ago and the previous model didn't run as well as this one.  I'm using it with an internal graphics card. It's been a little while since I've purchased another computer but this one has performed flawlessly in my tests. I would highly recommend this product. .  the keyboard is a little small but nothing that will stop you from using it. also its a little heavy but nothing I couldn�t carry around all day. , the screen resolution is excellent for the price and I'm really glad that I purchased it. the one little negative is that you can't have two separate display when the keyboard, track pad, and internal graphics are combined. I wish there were a few more of these available.  have a good day., the keyboard and the display work fine but the track pad just won�t work with my Lenovo X201 laptop., I have no idea what it was that made the track pads on the other Lenovo X200 models
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:     I bought this for my friend. It is amazing in the sense that it was fast, and it works. However it can be very loud and has a very high chance of blowing out all batteries in the battery compartment. It's so loud that when it starts to work, it actually scares me. My friend says that it's like if you got a small power drill and used it in your house! It is also so loud and loud that it makes a great racket in the garage. I think I will look for another product.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   A lot of the buttons work well but the volume rocker needs some help, I don't get any sound out of it.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Wednesday, June 04, 2015  by Anonymous of Virginia  Review: This is my second one of these (and a lot more fun) I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a good portable audio device that is easy to carry but sounds good.  I use this in my car to listen to my radio, it's a lot louder than my phone and has a lot better volume range. The mic works great with the iPhone and it works great as well. It fits well in my belt-pack and even in a small briefcase. I really recommend this for anyone.  (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)  No Was this Review helpful to you?)
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this a while now, and im really pissed about the warranty and support. they dont have a tech on duty to help you out. I didnt know my router would be dead for over 3 months. and now i cant even get it repaired for free. i've contacted the manufacturer multiple times to get help, and they always respond back to me with stupid answers or they dont reply at all. i dont want to pay another $150 to get my router fixed so i can use it again but i cant because of their ridiculous support. i have been waiting on a tech for the past 3 months because they cant get their shit together, and i think it would have helped if they had fixed the damn thing in the first place.  Was this review helpful to you?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this thing for less than 2 months, and now it is defective. i purchased this product and after a month or so its died. ive got the replacement from another retailer, and it works fine. Ive bought a few different portable computers in the last 6-8 years. This one is the worst, and ive been told by a friend of mine that he thinks i am a cheap ass. its pretty much useless.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 13, 2015  The one thing  by A Customer from Lubbock TX USA  Review: Worked well for a couple of years until the battery in the unit died. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    I have had this item for almost 3 years and the batteries don't last more then 4 hours at most. I use the unit for my car. It is so hard to get this thing to work. I have never had one work that long before. This time it would only charge the phone for about an hour and a half. I would suggest getting another battery. I am so disappointed in this item. I was looking forward to using it for my computer but I can't even get it to charge up in 2 days. I feel I have wasted my time.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I am very disappointed with my first Apple iPod Touch.  The design is absolutely ugly and feels cheap.  This product has so many flaws that it is simply not worth using.  I have already gone out and bought a new iPod Touch and bought another one of these for my wife.  The only use i get out of these devices is for music and I wish i was able to listen to my    i mp3 collection as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ---------------This is my first electronics, I had to use my best judgement and it was really bad. When it comes to your first electronic device the only thing you have to do is make it right the first time, because you'll be making it right again! My problem is that it does not read the date the device was shipped in, this is a really big problem because I got it when I was really young, so it is too young for me to have a date that I know about. This could also be the batteries in the device, because they are not good enough for me.  Customer Response: Our system has a date read out so that you can easily determine the age of the device to ensure it is not damaged or old. If you want to know when the device is currently at the manufacturer it is printed on the box.  and this is what we ship, we also do a battery change for the device that we ship out once a year with the purchase.  the battery is replaced every three years on most of our devices  See All Reviews
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    When I first got this device, I wasn't able to get a signal to my iPhone 5. I tried to call to a pay phone, but it kept telling me to call in an emergency. I went on Amazon to see if I could find a similar solution, but there wasn't one. I couldn't figure out how to change the radio frequency of the phone to make the app work. The device wouldn't work even when I changed the frequency of my iPhone to the local frequency.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: __________________  - Don't buy the $200-$500 computer you see on the rack at the local electronics store. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I have a Samsung Qnix QX2710 27" LED Monitor. It has not worked properly. I use it as a monitor and a projector. Everytime I plug it in, it says "no output". When I go to the display settings, I have to press the "off" button and "on" button, which is impossible. I have had it for 3 years. I tried the warranty, which was no avail. Please fix it so I will have a better experience. Thank you.  Questions, Answers and Comments  Discuss about Xtreme Gaming Ultra-High-Definition Monitor - 27" 4K / 4K30 (SSD Only) with your friends and fellow Evike.com shoppers!  Comment or answer questions for a chance to win awesome prizes. Details can be found on the Evike Customer Service page. Remember to check "Also post on Facebook" when commenting to qualify for the giveaways!  and if you like my work and want to support me, consider buying the DVD "EVE Online Training - Advanced PvP" with me. It is a training video about eve online skills. It contains tactics, tips, and information about how to be a successful highsec pvp.  was the best, but if i get it again it will be as a bonus
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   There are only two kinds of people in the world. There are the people who have a device that will do exactly what they want and need and there are the ones that won't get their act together and start using it.  —Mark Zaleski, February 24, 2009
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: --------------- This was a really good device for a low price, but there are very few things to be said about it. The sound is very good and the speakers work as well as any ios device. They don't do much louder than any other cheap bluetooth speakers. The only thing that really got annoying was the annoying on/off switch that is in the bottom right of the device. It would go on but then go off. I used it many times to turn the screen off and on but it got annoying after a while. You would get it off quickly and then the switch would come back on and you would be on screen and then back off again. Other than that, it's great for the price.  Rated 4 out of 5 by Myspace from The Best Bluetooth Speaker I have used a number of bluetooth devices in my life. This is by far the best. The speakers are clear and full bodied. I highly recommend this speaker.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really like this phone but this iphone is terrible to use. It doesn't have a headphone jack, the screen is small and looks bad. The phone is heavy but the screen looks terrible and has weird screen lighting issues. I'm sure it will last a long time but this is just not worth it. The other problem is the camera. It only has 2mp which is useless. I've never bought an iphona before because iphones are awful    Is this review helpful?
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The touchpad works fine, but the audio quality is poor. It works perfectly with my iPod, but even with my MP3 player the audio is pretty much out of sync with the song. It sounds like the audio from the music player is being played through my computer speakers.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! This is the worst gadget I have ever used. I had this for a few days now and i have to replace it right away. This is a terrible gadget that does NOT DO WHAT IT SAYS on the box it comes with. It does not record sound. It will not record any video. It takes a good chunk of your battery to even turn it on. I have to re-wire it a couple times. Worst gadget ive ever bought. This product is a total fail. You can see the bottom of the box says "Record everything" - well there is no way you will be recording anything, the app will not even remember anything, it does not have any settings for volume, so you will have to manually change it each time you start the app. I'm a musician and this is the last device i will buy, and that is a miracle. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________________________________________________________________________ I had a few issues with this product. It does not come with a charging cable for it, so I purchased one. The device is too small to take to work with me. I have to bring my laptop everywhere. There is a small slot in the top where the USB cable comes out and it doesn't fit. I used to use a regular USB cable and then got this one. After that, it worked great. There were no issues with it, but the screen seems so small when I look at it in person. I'd have to buy another one and use it at work. I can't believe that you could sell something with such an issue.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  The sound of the speaker is horrible. I am looking forward to buying another one. Rated 5 out of 5 by Chris from Great Sound. Good Features I use the sound bar for gaming, music, and the Netflix streaming app. Great features. The only thing I like less about this is the fact that there is no control for volume. I use my iPad to play music at a set volume level.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had the phone for 3 months and its dead after only a week of owning it. its too small, has very limited battery life. ive tried to go to a bigger phone but its just not big enough. its way to small to even use it. i would never recommend this phone to anyone ive heard good things but i would rather buy a bigger phablet.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive been using the gizmo for 3 years. ive dropped it, and it's still working fine.  if you can afford one, i highly recommend it.  i have a $150 gizmos, and i like the g2.   What do you think of the g3? Is it worth the money? Does it have everything you need?  Answer By David A., Tampa, FL. Customer Service
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive bought this phone from the store and it wasnt even the same one they sent to me, the back cover was different. i was going to return it but i was afraid that they would take it away from me because they thought i had swindled them out of my money. i cant believe that this thing gets 3 stars on the quality.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My watch stopped working after 8 months, the battery wasn't working properly and there was no other replacement for it.  I had it replaced and I'm waiting for my new one to be sent to me.  I do have a very cheap watch that still works.  I would just like to know if I can return this device, if it's worth it for me. I have nothing bad to say about this product other than that the battery was still good and I got the watch for cheap and it still works, and I've had it 4 months, it does everything I need it to do.  
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I bought this about two years ago, to use as a car alarm and it failed, the first time around. So, now I have it set for my alarm and can't turn it off, as I don't know how to turn it on.  Was this Review Helpful to you? Yes No Tuesday, July 08, 2011  Easy to operate and works fine  by Daniel from San Francisco CA USA  Pros: works well  Cons: none  Review: Works fine, but to turn on your device there has to be a button on the unit. The unit is small and easy to operate. .  that said I'd recommend this to anyone.    Was This Review Helpful or Helpful? Yes No Monday, June 13, 2011 - 11:18 AM by Jhb from Westlake OH USA , by David from Houston TX USA  I use this on my Jeep. it is very easy to setup and works as promised. -Dave  This review is from 2-Year Warranty: Good Purchase from a Supplier. by Steve from West Valley City UT USA ., by Steve S from West Van WV USA  are you sure you want to delete this review? This will be permanent and you will not be able to view this review again. Cancel Yes, delete  Follow what inspires you  Like another member's style? Follow them to see more of their great finds in your eBay feed.  the best is.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: iphone 5s. it did not hold a charge for more than a few weeks and if you use your phone you will get a very bad battery life. i will not be buying another ipho 5s any time soon.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    After 2 weeks of use, my phone will not turn on anymore, the screen will not light up any more, all functions are gone (not really missing any functions but none). I bought a replacement to be sure it would be fixed before sending it back for a full refund (after the free months i just get the free money).   So basically, I am not sure whether my phone is faulty or this is the fault of this device. I am really disappointed with my experience with this device and am a bit worried that i will be returning it and getting a new one, especially since i have a new Android 4.2 phone, and would not like to return it for something i could not even use to call.   However, after having to buy a new device, it seems like this device is not as bad as i feared it would. But if it ever fails again, i won't be happy and will probably return this one too.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   The Samsung S8 is a device that came as a great surprise. However, after using it for a month now I find it to be a very poor product. I can only conclude that Samsung have simply not invested enough in their own products and simply have a shortcoming on their side in their electronic designs.  If you have ever used an iPhone you will understand how bad a device this is. The fingerprint scanner is unreliable and unreliable the fingerprint scanner on the S8 will lock the phone unless you are in direct contact with the scanner. The device also doesn't allow you to create more than one fingerprint for unlocking the device as it has no way of syncing or storing your fingerprint data. The phone can also be completely unusable without your fingerprint as the system has no ability to encrypt or secure your phone whatsoever.  on a positive note it has a great camera on the rear, the back of the phone has a nice look to it and the camera is a nice upgrade from the Samsung Galaxy S7. I would however give the Samsung S9 a higher recommendation as it is a newer smartphone and has a better screen. I was able to get it in the UK but I am not sure that it is available in the United States.  in a nutshell if you are looking for an iPhone then go for it. But if you want a phone that will hold your phone securely I would say look elsewhere. . B
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I really love the design of the screen, I am a visual person so my screen looks pretty darn good. The problem is that the screen is extremely sensitive to being touched and it really feels like it was designed in the late 1990's. I can not seem to stop touching my screen and it has begun to melt. I've even had it in my pocket while walking and when I put it in a bag. So far, all of the complaints have been from my screen melting. The only other issue I have with this product is that it only supports 2 displays and that is a little frustrating because I wanted to use it for more.Read full review  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: New
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This product did not work for me.  My old Motorola Xoom did not have the USB 3.0 ports on the back.    It was difficult to connect the battery to my phone, and my old USB cables had bad ends and were not the right size.    This new one is just not built the right way, it has the right connectors but is not easy to connect to a USB cable.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  This is a bad product. This works well.  It does what it's supposed to do.  I don't recommend it. Review by Kevin I am a professional videographer using this device for nearly 7 years and it has worked well as long as I don�t get too close to the camera.  If I do get too very close to camera this unit shuts down and my battery runs out within about 30 seconds.  It�s a problem on all my other products, but I just had a problem with the first generation of this unit and have been getting my battery replaced since.  I�m giving it 4 out of 5 stars since I think I�m getting more than I expected out of it.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for about 2 months now it works great for gaming but one night it was plugged in and it went crazy! it went from 100-120hz and then became unplugged and it only had 3 months left to live, i was unable to get it to power it down or change it!   Product Rating: 5 out of 5-stars.  Review ID: 1748  Reviewed: 2015-11-11 By:. Hunts. Family pet. Family Pet. Ron G   Hunts. Family pets.  and it works very well!  great product! .  (Posted on 12/23/2014)  Excellent for a cheap price  Great product - works well.   (Posted on 11/22/2014, edited on 11 other days)  a great price and good service. , by which I mean:  My dog loves the product, but I'd say it is a good size and it is inexpensive!   is the key to a good pet bed.    and the delivery to the store was fast.  -By which I really mean: My dog loves to go through dog beds. this product is so great for her that we were going to buy another one. but this time we got a different one.   to be fair, I have other bed for my other pets but that is not a bed for a small animal. so it's good for our first one. . (Posted On 11/2/2014 )  A great product  Best quality dog bed for the price.   of the dog bedding we buy, this is the best.   (Posted 7/17/2014 on another product) -5/5 Great product!!  I have had two of these beds now. The first one was the lowest priced on the market, and it lasted 6 months before my dogs got a bed from a different company, which lasted 1 year and cost around $60. I bought another dog bed from Petland with a similar warranty, and the dog was still sleeping in it after 8 months. I've used the bed several times, and have no issues with the warranty at all. I was worried that it would be too small for my pup (Koda), so I ordered a bigger one from Petco, and he has slept in it every night since. Highly recommend this product. (The bed was very expensive at Pet
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:   I have bought two of these in order to use in our home. They do the job, but there is no difference when using them vs. other type of flash. They are also very noisy when using. I am trying to get the owner to come out and say if they have ever been repaired. I understand that they are supposed to be quiet, but they are noisy. It also gets too hot when using when they are in use.  Rated 5 out of 5 by Bob from This product works well I have a 4K camera, and in order for it to be able to do 4K video, it has to have the ability to record a digital signal, and the best that it can do is to output that digital signal through its analog outputs. This camera has the ability for me to record and to output a digital video signal through all of its analog inputs. This is very helpful when I need to do live or color correction for my live shows. , I am in the process of trying to figure out the difference between this device and other digital cameras that I have had in the past. I have to say, the camera does not record an HD signal. The one that I bought came with an SD card. I did not test it out, but I did see that it could record at 24-75 fps, but in HD. It does not, and cannot, record in HD, but only 24 fps. It is very nice for my 4K cameras because my 4k cameras record in 24 fps and this does the same. It has a nice wide view. I only have one complaint, and that is the camera can be too noisy. When I have it set to 30 fps, the video is loud. I would recommend you have it on 30 or 60 fps in order not to cause an issue when shooting. Also the digital signal is only 60hz so I don't know why the camera would not be able record at 120hz, but as a 4k camera it can not.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!! I bought these because i wanted a good speakerphone for my mobile. It came on the 1st day and wasnt good. No sound at all. I left it on and plugged it into a phone line (on a boat) and was not impressed. My girlfriend said they will not pay for a call with a sound like this. I will never buy these again.  Rated 4 out of 5 by katie5 from I like the sound of these but I need to have it louder I'm a woman, so I'm not the same person as a man when it comes to audio quality and things like this, but I like it. For now I'm happy with it. The sound quality of these are really nice. I don't get a headache, but not so much I can't tell that these are being amplified. I'm still getting used to it but I am impressed.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:!!!  The device is awesome, I bought it to play my Gameboy games. It has only 1 function and that's the fact that it plugs in and off. I have tried to plug it into a usb port and to turn it on and off and nothing works, I can't get it to work at all. It takes 4 tries to get it off and then 5 tries to put it back on again. It's annoying.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  I bought this thing because I really wanted an electric guitar and a good set of strings. I thought it would be a nice way to practice my skills. The strings I got are awful, the ones I used in my cheap acoustic guitar are much better. The strings are very dull and a piece of crap, I'm pretty much done with them. So I get this thing and it works great. I get some practice and it has lots of different types of songs to try out. I like the different parts of the guitar and it is easy to play. However, after practicing all day, my guitar is only good for a few chords. I am still playing a lot, but it is getting hard to get it to work hard. It still has a lot of potential but its hard to recommend this product as its main purpose is to play songs and make it easy for people to learn. I got this because I thought its got a good battery. Well it has a good rating if you are only looking for the electric guitar. It works well, I can play songs that I would never have been able to play before, it is very enjoyable to practice. I really want to have one but I'm not so sure if this is the one for me.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ___________ The screen is so tiny, it has no power. I can't read an email if the screen is off and only dimly lit. The buttons are so difficult to use and have to be pressed down really hard or they don't work at all. They do work when I use them on the phone.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this device for about a month now and have had no problems with it at all. i do have two issues with it. one is that the battery life is terrible. my whole house always gets this phone in use but it doesnt even last 30 min and its always draining the battery. the second problem i have with it is that it has no GPS. i dont think the company is trying to trick anyone but their software doesn't work. i use the google maps app everyday and it is a lot more accurate. the app has never been able to connect with this device. so basically my only problem with this is that i have to get a new one if i wanted to use the GPS. its an absolute shame that they can't work with their software for their own benefit.i do know that the GPS works fine with the iphone and my pc as well but its a lot harder with a cheap device
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ive had this for 2 years now. ive broken it a dozen times. its got 3 hard parts. the battery is too weak and the usb port is bad.    i dont know whats the point. it was good in the beginning but   since then it was too weak to keep my pc going on.  i got a samsung for a week for $100 and it kept my pc from dying all night.  this is a bad idea.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My girlfriend got this in a box and the charger that it came with was an old brand that looked and felt like a garbage can with the cord. After using it for a while, it started to lose power so I got a new one and had to return this one. It doesn't seem to like charging a lot of stuff (not sure if it's the charger or my batteries). It'll give a charge to about 100% if you use batteries that are at least 80% of their capacity. This means it's about 70% of the way through the pack, which is not good for my batteries. I will not be buying a Samsung charger again. I've bought a lot more stuff from these guys but this one was the least expensive and the least satisfying.  Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    This keyboard is a joke. The keys are stiff and there is no audible feedback from the keystroke. I was unable to type in a timely manner and I think I will be canceling my order. I purchased a Logitech wireless mechanical keyboard for my laptop. The Logitech keyboards are well designed and comfortable. The key travel is good and the keys feel well-spaced. I am extremely disappointed with the Cherry MX Brown keyboard.
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:  My old computer died and I was not able to save my data and everything was lost (all my photos from this year). I contacted LG and they said that the computer is defective. I got a new one but the new one is even worse: it is slow, hard to connect to the internet and does not save all your information. I really don't want to pay a monthly fee to keep my data on the cloud. 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device:    If you're a PC gamer who's looking for a keyboard that can type faster than a laptop keyboard, the Logitech G810 is a great keyboard, but it's definitely not the best. The keyboard itself is very light and has nice features, but you'll definitely have to be careful about the placement of the keys.  Was this helpful? Yes No  Great keyboard for gaming, but beware: 
Write a negative review about a bad electronic device: ****************** When I got the phone from Walmart I did not know anything about it. When I received the device I decided to try it out. To my surprise it is an extremely good camera. In fact I am very satisfied with the camera. It is really good in the indoor and outdoors. I think the photos are very good. I can really understand how it will be a good backup camera. There are a couple of things I would have liked to see in this camera. First is the flash for outdoor. I would like to be able to use the flash on the camera for taking indoors photos. Second is the ability to add more flash and change the flash settings. Overall I would recommend this camera and would buy it again.
