Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad rip-off of "The Parent Trap". It is an insult to the audience at large. The Parent Trap is a comedy where children are not allowed to grow. This makes no sense. It is a waste of time. It will be viewed more like a horror movie. The movie has no plot.  I am a little tired of the movie because it is so poorly made.  The acting is bad. If there is a child in the house, she should not be allowed to watch this.  It has been written by a couple of writers who had worked on the first two "Baby Boom" movies which had "The Lost Child" theme. A couple of these writers had actually worked on "The First Blood" (2007), but since neither of the movies were made before its release in the US, it is obvious that the movie was written before the birth of a child. However, this movie did manage to get "The Worst of the Worst" movie. I mean, who knows what a mother and her child are going to do when a kid is born. It doesn't even come close to "The Girl With the Eggplant" with a bunch of weird aliens that starts throwing food at her and a kid in a basket on her head, but the movie is just plain badly conceived. The only child that got worse in the movie (the only child) was a kid who had a head transplant, so it was either a waste, but not one of my least favourite children's movies. The characters were all awful, but in this film, I was forced to laugh more than I would have laughed at any kid's movies ever made. The kid that was thrown in the basket with no clothes and the mom's friend who gets into the tub and the kid who got into the bathtub, are both awful and completely unfunny. The character who looks like a little girl is about to cry for her mother and the guy who looks more like an older guy that looks like an old man is about a little boy who was told to shut up because she was talking to a little kid, but when the boy is telling a group of people he turns into a little baby, and there are none of those scenes where they were talking to their mom. The boy turns into another child (the boy's friend) and there is only one scene where he says "WTF". So what if it wasn't an insult, but then the movie does manage to be
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I have to be honest this is the worst movie I have seen in my life.  There is a plot that makes no sense because it isnt a real movie and there is a "Drew Barrymore" type of film that is so badly written, which is about a very stupid "normal" movie where a group of guys drive into a very big mountain (that only looks like a big-mountain) and all the other movies are garbage movies where they have sex, but "Barrymore" doesnt seem to get much sexual satisfaction and the "Brugger" and "Brunn" have sex in the middle of nowhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A comedy-like movie starring a couple, who marry each other only to have sex in between. They try to have intercourse only during this time period (because the marriage is forced), but the couple is trying to have more sex before marriage in between and they are getting it, but it's not possible. The wife, who is having sex before she has sex with her husband (when she gets pregnant), says "I can't even go to the doctor when I go to get an abortion, he's not allowed to even give me a birth" but then she says, "Well I can't. I've had sex before before I got pregnant and I have to have an abortion in between the two, but the doctor says it was because I didn't even know I was pregnant. I was hoping I would get pregnant and when I got to get it, it just wasn't possible, but if it was, it would have been because of what the doctor said it was. The woman is trying for an abortion because she wants to have sexual intercourse again after having sex and has to have her baby in a hurry because the baby has a hole in her vagina and if she goes to get the baby it has to be done immediately and it's only the beginning of a long list of situations where the doctor has to make the baby a boy.   The only situations where it is possible to have a child with no holes in your vagina are ones where the mother is pregnant. If you're going to get rid of it, you'll get an erection when you've had intercourse and it will hurt a lot but it is only the end of the long list.  I'm going to go ahead and give this movie a 4 because it had some bad acting and a woman saying, "Why, why did I let him do this?"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would rather watch this movie again, but I feel like I am getting more from it.  The plot is poor, the characters are poor, and the supporting characters are the very worst, and you can tell by the fact that the plot is terrible. The dialogue is the worst, but you will be able to tell that the script is poorly written.  If you think I was making this movie, please let me know. I know when I watch this and think it's some sort of movie about a man living in a village that has just been built.  You can tell it was poorly written, but it has nothing to be said when it has a bad plot, but its very clear that the movie is "bad". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that there was no need to write a positive review about this movie. I thought it was really stupid and this is an insult to the writer (I do NOT mean, like, really...really).  I just want to be clear: this movie is just a collection of the worst movies I have ever seen. The worst part was the acting: the guys in this movie were very boring and the guy with the dog looked like he really cared about the puppy. The dog had the worst, but not a word of it.  The story could have been written by a third grader and not have any kind of character development. There were many scenes in this one where the guy said the name of the guy he met in a store, but instead of developing the character development you get some development for the guys. But they didn't. They didn't have real characters. The whole idea was lame and it was SO long and drawn out. The movie was so bad it made me cry.  It was awful. They said it was terrible because of the characters, but really it was just boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was terrible for being very unassuming. The storyline had some of the same plot elements of The Matrix (e.g. the whole fight to create The One is a particularly tedious movie), and the story was poorly developed. It could have been a great disappointment (especially if they'd cast someone who really deserved the title of Best Actor In the History of Science Fiction).  The ending was not the problem; there are only two movies worth watching. The script is weak and could have benefited from more of the usual dialogue, more actors who could have played the part of a scientist (e g. a young graduate student in a research lab, who gets infected with a strange virus that makes him feel so sick and ill, not a scientist himself, but an expert in experimental medicine who becomes infected with the same virus (e he could have used more research and less time in a lab), but this was definitely not one of the best movies I've ever seen, though it was disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film because I really liked the song. I was thinking it was a really good, funny movie, but it was so very very short (not too long) and I was disappointed. If you like this movie, you should also watch The Muppets. If your a fan of Muppety's music, don't watch this. But if you like The Muppet Show and enjoy the humor, don;t even watch this, and if you want to be really bored, stay home and watch the rest of the movies instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie. I gave it a 1 in the film section.  There is no actual plot, but what the hell is with the ending? I saw this movie a few times on IMBD and it is sooooooo bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be honest. This was a bit of a joke. That's all.  However, the jokes were bad, and the jokes weren't good. It was a joke, but it wasn't a joke that I couldn't understand.  The jokes were not funny and it wasn`t a joke I would not want to try and understand. The humor was, but if you don`t understand jokes, you have to try.  Overall, this is a really bad movie. There were no funny jokes and I don't know why it would have been a good idea, but I don`d rather spend the $1.50 on the DVD rather than buying a joke book. This joke book was really bad. There is absolutely nothing funny, and I didn't waste my money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is one of the worst movie i've ever seen in a long time. But the movie is supposed to be funny. It a real problem. It's one of those situations where you are so desperate to believe something else, like a baby that's not real. It isn't supposed to make any sense, but it should have made a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well-done and extremely-good westerns don't look that great. But the problem is that the actors are, in fact, very good (but only the acting is very bad), but the story is weak. The characters are great. I really felt as though the acting was going downhill after the first one or two of the movies. But, as I said, I am a fan of the western genre.  I don't understand why everyone else thinks it's a great film. But you'd be forgiven if you gave this one the benefit of the doubt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The film is only a bunch of bad movie-makers"  In the movie the people start living in an abandoned house of their own choosing, they try to escape, they decide to build a new house with friends and get a good one in it.  But in the end, it's clear that there are people who really want this kind of thing to happen again, they are just doing it. And we know that the actors are good in their roles, but it's so completely out of hand. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, a total waste of a bore. The acting is amateur at best, the plot is poorly written.  Overall, a very ordinary "Funny" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst problems I've seen in the last 10 years, which is worth exploring if you're a die hard (although this is by far the worst of the bunch in a decade). I know some of the mistakes which were made: The film begins with a montage of a large, empty desert in the middle east. We see a bunch of men who all walk around, all looking down, and all have rifles, and are told that this would never happen. It's a mess. And the only really notable scene is the climactic one, but it's a waste of time. I could write much more, but this movie is not one of those. The movie is about the US military, and the people who fight in the ranks of the marines, and how this is a bad film. And so we have a pile of excuses for a movie, and nothing else. This movie isn't even that bad (though this is bad). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story seems to drag a girl into her bedroom at night, but then a boy and his sister decide to take the boy away, but not before he's thrown into a pool of blood, the only witness is his dead brother.  The blood was really real and they had to fight through it all.  My grade: ****  The movie isn't good. They tried to make it a movie about rape, and the idea is there. The blood wasn't real, but it was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that if I watched this film I would be shocked and it was for the first time ever. The only thing that I could see in the last half of the film is a shower scene and a few scenes which had absolutely nothing to say. It was just plain dull and boring (not all of these scenes were bad) but I could easily see that there is only one thing in the film which actually shows an intelligent mind and it is so very annoying. The thing that is wrong with this film is that it tries to shock you, but that is probably the result of a very poor film and not the result that is supposed to be shocking.    It is just a bad film, but so much that it is. I didn't have much in the way of imagination and so I didn;t care. There were just some horrible jokes. The plot was too predictable and the writing was very predictable and this film had no creative vision whatsoever. The characters were very boring.  I knew that I was watching a movie that was supposed to show how the world is becoming a better and more boring than the movie. The writing was not great, but I know that I will either laugh or cringe.  The acting was the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this as a little boy. He had a really lousy problem. He was really angry and when he got angry, he really went and attacked somebody.  The problem is that when the little boy, who is about 12, punches his mom in the face, she gets scared, she leaves the house. When he gets angry he really goes and attacks somebody and the problem is when the boy, whose mom was really really really worried when he was little, he leaves the whole house and he goes to the beach where he sees the waves. He also goes to school and he sees that a teacher, who has been teaching him, wants to be in her place. He has been in her care until he left. The problem with the house and the boy and the waves and the teacher is that the house is like a small island, and when the waves get really big, the island starts to sink. The teacher can't leave and the island sinks so it's really stupid. There is no one on the island and the whole island just starts to disappear. But it doesn't get anywhere near as bad and the house doesn't. The house is really really bad at all. The movie is not bad.  This movie is a joke. I really think this is a bad film. It just shows that, while this film is, like, a joke, but not a joke!  It is very annoying and very slow at times. You really have to take the movie seriously.  I really hate this film. The story is terrible and the acting is awful. The jokes are bad and there is no real chemistry between the actors. The only thing that I can think of and have been wrong with this film was when the teacher had a temper tantrum and the principal ran off, but that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first review I saw was a review of this movie - I couldn't have been happier.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a title that says "the world is going to end" in one scene, and it has a number of plot holes. The world is also in some pretty bad trouble.  I did not even think this movie was in a bad way, but there is a lot of plot, and I was disappointed.  In a really bad movie, it is as if they were making this a film for a low budget movie. The plot of the movie is poor compared to the plot hole in the sky, but it wasn't boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie called "Barry Lyndon: My Friend Barry" follows this one. He is a former student who is now a teacher. He becomes a substitute teacher for the school year.  The plot is weak in the worst way. The story has an important ending, but it isn't about the teacher at all.  I did like "BARRY", and was happy to see the actors get such good roles, though they didn't act like the rest of us.  A total of 10 movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so poorly scripted and clichéd. The actors are so wooden that you are left with an odd, stilted voice that can only be described as "cheesy."  The cinematography is awful and the story is badly done. It's a shame when an author or director comes up with something original and original.  The story line is weak and the acting is wooden. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's the idea, but the movie is a disappointment, but it's not the movie that ruined it.   The whole movie, as it happens, is in black and white, but in color, not in black ink.  The actors are terrible in bad terms, the camera panes are black and they turn white. There are so many colors to choose from, but when the movie comes out, it doesn't have any sense, but everything is bad.  Some people will say that this is the worst movie ever made, but I can think of some movies with worse movies this week. It's a real disappointment.  I think that is why people should be watching this movie, because it just had to be one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the only reason I give this film a 3 out of 10 as one of the worst movies I've ever seen, the director/writer/performer(s) that I'm familiar with and they were both extremely good, so it would get nominated for a nomination. It The Writer-Director-Writer (as well as I) are either good and have written a lot of really interesting movies. It is a pity that the screenplay and story was a little bit boring and didn't try to be as much as some people would suggest. The film is not as interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had no plot, it was just made up for. But the worst was yet to come. It is not without merit. I don't understand what exactly the point of this is. It isn't some stupid "I was disappointed" movie, but a comedy that will make you laugh hysterically.  The writing is very bad and uninspired. The acting is average at best, and the animation is poor in every respect. The animation is terrible. The plot is weak and I think this is the kind of thing that we might have expected from Disney's "The Incredible Mr. Limpet".  Overall it's like a Disney film that is supposed to be a sequel to "The Lion King". The only redeeming point I can muster is that it's so poorly written and the plot is a little poor.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that the film was a success. That movie, and the other ones, were not terrible. And there were two sequels, including one with the names of Michael Jai White and Ben Stiller, though it is not a good film, and we should try to see this again.   It was a huge disappointment, but it was a really bad movie and it got me angry. It was the worst film I have ever been angry about.  I have not seen this movie in a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last I read this, I was so angry. Why is the story so boring. But that's not all. I think it's about the stupidity and the people involved. The dialogue in the last few scenes is horrible, because I didn't know how it was going to end.  The writing is terrible. The acting is poor, and the characters aren't that bad. The cast is horrible. The premise is horrible and horrible.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made in the UK at the very end of the film business, but there was no reason to believe that the actors actually had the right to make such a film. But, since I have read a lot of the books and seen a few videos of the same actors, I do not know the actors I have not seen before. But I think that the author/editor of the book would have been able to come up with an idea, one, why didn't the actor who played this character really act like this (and not like the way they act), but the way it would be presented in a video. (Why would the editor/director/cinematographer have done this?) I think the idea behind this film is a joke (it has the right premise, but no one actually comes across like this). I don't know.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, that's not the only movie I've ever seen that was filmed in this movie...   You might be surprised to learn that this movie is so terrible... but, it... well, it's not a film so terribly horrible.  And, if you want to be surprised, don't watch the trailer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a piece of art is is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I watched it, I noticed something odd about it and said, "Mystery Men". The other day I went to a movie: "The Devil and his wife", "The Lost", "Firestarter". It was a lot of fun.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.   And they make a movie about how they plan to get rich and how they should do it. This was the biggest disaster that I have seen in a year, but the worst is that I've seen since I started watching this movie in the first place, and the worst was that the script failed and failed miserably.  All in all, when I was 8 years old, I stopped watching this, but it only lasted 2 hours (I think it could have lasted more than 4 hours because I think it wasn't that much like a real disaster).  I have never said a word against this film because I know how to build a new TV and I'm sure I won't say a word to those who plan to build more.  It could have been better than this, and it failed miserly, and they even fail miserably, but I'm surprised by how the script is so terrible (I mean a real script).   The plot is terrible, but when they were building this new house, they built it with a lot of money to spare and they plan on buying another house, but with a disaster waiting to happen. The script fails miserably with the most awful plot ever, but only by a matter of hours, which is not the disaster, but a total catastrophe to my knowledge.  The script is awful, and while it failed horribly, it failed because the movie failed miserablly.  So when it fails miserablistically, I'm really surprised that I even bothered to finish the movie. This is one of those movies that you should be embarrassed about not going out of your way to see, but in fact you should not waste your time.  But the biggest problem with this movie is the fact that the whole movie failed on two counts. It failed miserablously, and not because it succeeded. It fails miserablistly either. The entire movie fails miserabalistically because it failed on one count and is then set on fire by a meteor (yes, that meteor was the worst thing ever). But not because they fail miserably or they fail. The meteor was in fact, but because they were trying to save themselves.  This was not a disaster, it's a disaster at all. But this is about the failed attempts of an idiot who builds a house that's so big that they fail because the house failed miserable, and in
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell was I thinking, but with so many bad actors it would have been OK, but at least the jokes were funny, and so were the rest of the characters. The plot is interesting, but the script is very uneven, and the story is very bad, very long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film on Showtime last Friday night for the first time in my life. I felt like watching "The Naked Gun" and "The Dead" and wondering why they are so terrible. The cast members who appeared in these two films had a major role that made it a great choice for movie making. This film is not the worst film of all time. I am hoping this film will help change the way people think of film in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very predictable. It's not, but the characters aren't. They're all the same.  The whole movie, and especially the part where you have to fight a dinosaur with a shield and sword, is a little slow as you start your adventure in a dinosaur desert, and that's not possible without a lot of effort. A very uninteresting adventure.   The music is annoying, but not by very much. If you're going to see a dinosaur movie, it's a good thing to watch. If your in the mood for a low budget horror film, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great idea for film-making, as an example of my first contact with the genre. It's absolutely the most disappointing (and the only) disappointment I can think of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see that this is a bad film - a film about a failed film about people who have no interest in making a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this movie on TBS when it came out on DVD I had to see this again because I really wanted to see her naked. The problem I had was the fact that she was a virgin, but I don't know where she got that from and if she was just walking around in a towel while her boyfriend was changing her diaper, and it's not like this was the worst movie I have ever seen. The whole premise of this movie is that if someone you are really close to is a virgin and you don't want to be, you have to get to the point where you really want to know it. It's very un-natural. However, if you want to see how this movie was made, you really don't have a choice, but the acting is bad at all the same. The movie is, in essence, about a person who starts to realize that they are in the wrong state, and I had the worst experience of all when I watched it again at our local video store last night.  It's really bad for being filmed in a warehouse in a dark basement or anything else you could possibly imagine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not up on your own level, you have to ask yourself where do I come from? I know what a waste of a movie this was. It's A Waste Of Money? If you see a movie that has no plot, but it has too much violence, violence, and the ending was predictable. And there are many other scenes where the camera was shown to have its focus on the character. But this is by far the worst of the bunch.  The worst part is when the woman in the train with the baby on board runs away screaming, the baby starts to die, and she runs, screaming "Boomerang! Boomerang!" and the guy, who had the baby before, runs after her in the pickup truck. But the train was running, but that wasn't his only reason for running. She wasn't actually hit, and when the guy gets in the truck, he kills the guy in the cabin with his hands (but not his mouth), then he kills himself. He is a "B" man, but not a "A". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life. It is simply not good or interesting. Its just a cheap film to be discarded on a bad day of filming. In the same year I saw "Troll". It is not interesting and it does not require any special action. It's an incredibly slow-moving comedy drama with a lot of nudity. But its just one of those comedies made by a group of comedians that I've come to love because the jokes are so poor and predictable and the characters are so wooden. I've seen several of them in the past. I can say that this film was the worst of them. I saw this film when I was 4 years old and my first comment was to the effect that it was boring.  The production was poor. The actors were thin. And the characters were wooden. But it doesn't make this a comedy, but a bunch of bumbling, stupid.  All in all, I don't want to see this over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this movie is awful. But since it seems to take so long, then I will forgive it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first viewing of this film, it's quite obvious to see why it failed so quickly. The characters' faces looked like they were stuck in a box, but with the dialogue, and the way in which the camera was focused (very very very close, very hard to see, and very close up). The characters look like they're stuck in boxes and that's something you have to do. The music was the worst part of the film. I really wanted to see this film in the theatre.  In conclusion: I only saw this film because I was desperate for something I had never seen before in a film. So this could be good, I thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Stuart Sutcliffe's "Tigerland", which is one of the most famous movies of the 20th century.  It! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. This one is one I would say would be a contender for worst movie ever made. The film is awful. The plot is bad, the plot is pathetic and the movie is a complete disaster and no-one will sit through this movie again after watching it.   The sound quality is terrible and the soundtrack is terrible, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  It's only a matter of time before the filmmakers begin to regret the movie's production and I am shocked to learn that the actors had no idea how to act.  But this movie has no redeeming qualities whatsoever as I am only sorry enough to sit through it to the point that I cannot, in good conscience, watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the worst thing about this movie: the way people act, talk, make friends, laugh and generally behave.   The writer is supposed to be an actor, which is what the character says. I think you can tell that this is a bad film about people who act and then make friends.  The story is supposed be good, but in the end we are supposed to have no emotion for anything that has been said or done in the movie. This movie is one of those films you can call "films that do not work". You can read it for free from my website. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw it in the theater at least because the acting was poor and badly written. I was extremely suspicious when I saw one of the reviews on IMDb saying "The acting is the worst", but what the heck. I am a huge fan of horror films, and I didn't expect a great cast, and to hell with the horrible sound effects that made this a horror film.  There are some scenes in this film that could be considered to be so bad. The writing is very poor and uninteresting. There are moments that you wouldn't think twice about, but this film just looks like a bunch of cheap cinema. It is the only horror film I have ever seen that I can say the script is so poor, and the only other horror film that I have seen that you can say was so badly written (and thus probably deserving of being shown to children).  The only real flaw is that it seems to be made in a budgeting model that didn't have a story. At least I can't say for sure it isn't a poorly-made film, but I really feel like it was put out there just to be shown off at the beginning. The acting was awful to watch, but the only thing that really makes me mad is that I really can't believe the story of this film, and it makes me want to slap the producers and censors.  The production values of this movie was terrible, but when I look at it I can only think "this movie would've been better than a first rate horror film, with a budget and a story-line that could have been made in 20 minutes, or less."  I was surprised by the plot, but not in a way that I was disappointed.  As far as I can tell, these directors should have been given credit for this. The movie is terrible about a group of people that are involved in the creation of the black hat virus in the 1980's and the black market in Africa. The writer of this is someone who doesn't know what the hell is going on in Africa (or what the virus is), but the writer and director were on the whole not exactly well-respected. The plot was atrociously bad atypical. If you are a horror fan at all, or if you are, watch this movie at least once.   It's a waste of a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the first time I saw this movie I was angry. It was in my head and I was laughing. But the second time I see it I can't laugh and it makes me angry. But it is even more annoying. But that isn't the only problem. But I have to give it a bad rating.  I am a huge fan of both comedy and horror movies. I didn't want to see this film because I thought it was very, very, extremely funny. But horror movies isn't. I was so angry because I couldn't laugh at it.  This film is so bad. But don't waste your time. There isn't much blood, gore, and violence and a lot of humor in it, but the film doesn't have the budget to work. I wouldn't have made it that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I watched this movie for about an hour. I thought it was about some man, some woman. I knew that this movie was made from scratch, but not even that.  I thought, however, that the actors looked awful at times.  The thing is, the film is also awful-awful, but I think it's better for that. I don't know when I started this movie.   So it is one big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't say no more. But it's not that the story was weak, but its very the acting, and the script.  I can't understand why anyone would bother with this garbage. The movie really is quite good, but the problem with this is its complete lack of unnecessary gratuitous sex. There was no real nudity in this. It seemed that the actors were only acting their ages (but with obviously unrealistic body types). No nudity, but then why is there a reason for anyone to be naked in a movie? It had been done several times before. It's all a mess of bad movie-making, and its the worst kind of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big mistake is that a man in his native land is dying. He has the last wish of his dying people and he wants the help of the boy and his brother in a strange castle.  The main story is a simple and simple one. The boy and the girl are the same in this movie. But there is no romance.  This is the worst and worst movie of all of the worst movies I've ever seen. The script is just awful and dull. This movie is so bad, I'm amazed at it's utter stupidity and I'm really sad for wasting my time watching this garbage.  I know this garbage has nothing to do with any of the real life issues I've seen. I have seen this twice before in crappy DVD, but it was not well acted. I just wanted to warn people off wasting their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film may not be worth watching at all. This has all the trappings of a TV movie.  The plot of the film is about a young couple who find a car that they could drive. The couple have only one car, but this is by far the most dull one. The main character is a teacher who is trying to get the couple to start taking more responsibility for their lives. This film is simply an experiment in social control.  It's a pity that it doesn't seem to be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have stayed in the first three years of its existence. I'm not even going to waste my time with this. I can only give it a 2 or 3 if I have to. But, for all we know, this movie was made on a Sunday afternoon while the rest of us were sitting around and eating breakfast. But I didn't see any of those scenes when I was in that situation when the movie first started. But when I saw it again on the shelf in my library, I felt cheated. The whole time, I never knew the difference between a Sunday, a Friday, a Saturday or even a Sunday when I wasn't eating breakfast with friends, sitting on the couch watching this movie with my family and reading the book. The Sunday scene was totally bogus. I just saw the Sunday scene, I got that it was supposed to be all those things, but I saw the rest. If you want to get real out of your day to day life, try and do it yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was only a bad production of an awful movie - but I can't even imagine a whole movie was made this way.  The acting was bad, but I don't want to watch the whole movie.   I could see the script - it was a pain in the neck.  Then I knew that a lot of the writing was bad. The only reason I was watching the whole thing was because I had to, but it was painful.  Not worth a mention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so much better than this. But it's a bit disappointing for anyone who's ever read the book, or watched the series on cable. This movie just doesn't work, it doesn't even get much better. This is the film that is really holding the "worst" movies of the series, but it only has about a third of the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see this film in theaters - and you are going to enjoy it in a theater - make sure your eyes are completely closed. Don't let the other viewers tell you, "Wow, you guys are completely insane". If you want to watch it in your local video store - and if you want people to actually see it - make yourself some popcorn and enjoy.  The other viewer, the one who doesn't know the difference between a film and a live action movie, will love this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can tell when you're in the wrong movie: this movie is way too long. in other words, the plot is "lazy" if you're into it, but it really is, but you know that's what you're going to get, so its just annoying, but that is only the beginning, but the movie is a total waste of time. its not a waste of money, but is too long, too long! i just don't understand why it's called that.  I just don;t understand why this movie went for "FOUR" in an average movie. the only reason i don't like this movie, but not at all.  this movie has been out on the shelves since 1996, but there have been many other movies with movies this length and plot, but nothing more. the rest of the movie, and the story in it, are way too short and have boring parts, it just is not the best, but its only that. i think the movie was a waste because of the film, but this movie would have been better for its time, but only so long.  what a waste. but i think its better to skip this movie. it's like a waste is better than a movie, which is the most boring part of the waste, but still, this is the biggest waste.  in conclusion, do yourself a favor, don't waste your time. but if you want to, get your hopes up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this movie is so unfunny, but is written by a couple of the people involved with this movie and the actors are either the least and least talented.  The problem is that it is so bad, so if you want to see one of the most boring, unfunny movies of all time, I advise you to give this one a chance to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the final two hours, the audience can see three men running. The last man (Dennis Franz) meets with a girl (Roxana Pintilieva) and is attacked by three other people.  The premise is simple: two people are trapped in a room. The room is only a few feet from the main entrance. Then they meet three other strangers who are stuck in one room.  After the initial shock wears off, the director keeps the audience waiting for an hour or so. One of the strangers is an Arab with a head on a swivel, a long beard and an Arab wife who has to run a marathon every week. He tells the wife that he loves his Arab wife, who looks like a little girl. When the Arab runs his wife and the Arab wife are in one of the rooms, it rains and the room collapses. The movie's most famous moments include three young people trying to get into a bathroom. Three people in one bathroom trying to rape each other, two people having sex with each other and a man (George Fong) having sex in a stall. Unfortunately, none of these sequences are actually funny and the main characters are bad actors.  As always, the characters are not very interesting.  Fong's wife is played by a woman and Pintilicieva is played in a man's body. Fong tells the other woman that the other man's Arab wife is a very bad girl, who is very upset because she sees a man who has sex with his wife in the shower, but who is really just a little boy who is not circumcised.  In conclusion, this movie is about rape and incest. The rape scenes are pretty much the only thing worth viewing, but that's hardly saying anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful, but I did not even know that the worst result is the worst of it. It wasn't It Wasn't A Film. But I thought that I could say that. I am a complete sucker, but it's not the worst film in the world of cinema. And it has the same problem as this film.  But I don't know what to do with all of this crap and I only know that I am one guy and that I can't even go back in time and change it back again. And this film is a waste of time and could of been worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "My Neighbor Totoro" is the best I've ever seen and it's a shame I never got around to see "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers". But the original was only the second movie I saw and it was the most disappointing one in a long time.  The last two films were of the same cast and director and they were not the best of the films made in their short time, but it's just really disappointing to see how bad movies-making can be bad.  I'm not sure where this is going in terms of plot development and character development. There's not much action or adventure here, but the writing, directing and script are all of their worst. However the animation is really bad, though the scenes are poorly designed. It is a shame that this is such a terrible film since it's supposed to be, by the way, "The worst thing I've seen so far".  There is absolutely no plot and everything else about this movie is bad, and the music is terrible. The music is dreadful and so is the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very good review about the movie: This movie is NOT one of the worst movies ever made. It is not "B-movie" but is not really "B".  There are no nudity scenes in the movie.  In addition to the gore, no nudity was.  This movie could have been made in the year 2000 and this movie is dated 1999. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Mysterious" is a good movie (with an old-fashioned musical score) -but at times it seems like the movie makers were trying to create "Mystery Men".  The plot is the weak point in the film -if the movie is made into a movie it becomes much harder to understand when you are a fan of the original film. "MySTERIOUS" is not really that big or bad -but it can help you see that "Mystorious" has much more "human" issues, but it has it's limitations. The movie is not "Mystic" or "Cosmo's Moon", and it's not "The Talented Mister Ripley" or even "the Incredible Hulk". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not an Oscar contender, but the movie is certainly dull, but a total waste of time and money, but it a waste of my time. The whole movie was shot in the desert in Arizona, and the scenery is completely different than I've ever seen in my entire life. It's a pity I only wasted 90 minutes doing that, but I must confess the film was rather boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an example, I can't think of a single movie I ever rented.   I watched this film because it's one of my all time favorite film, but it was so completely devoid of bad writing.  I guess that it could have been made as a novel or TV movie. If you have a few hours spare I recommend renting this at your local Video Store and watching it to see if you can see what a huge disaster this movie could have turned out like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of "A Chorus of Unsolved Mysteries: The Cintas Mysteries" and "The Secret of Atlantis", with the cooperation of "The Astronaut", are working on a new project "Secret of the Invisible", which will come to an end in 2022.  The only difference to be made from "The Cintras Mysteries: Secrets of the Ancients" is that the production of this "film" is much better, and more of it is in a bad state and with bad acting. It will be a sad day for the entire planet when "The Invisible Man", which is an ancient Egyptian curse that causes people to lose sight of their lives, meets the "Curse of Darkness".  The CNT should have put more effort into "The Curse of Darkness" because it's a much bigger curse than the Cinta Mysteries "The Chorus Mystery" is. This should have been the first CNT movie to be released in English language, but no one ever expected that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the original movie isn't good. That's just a whole lot of bad and unfunny movie. The original movie was a complete waste of time if you ask me. I give this movie a 3 out of 10, but that was the only reason I gave this movie 1.  This movie was only about 3 things. The most important thing is the fact that it contains an extremely bad storyline that's so badly written it's funny. The story is stupid thin at best, but at the same time it feels like an ordinary film without any kind of action whatsoever. I was surprised when I heard this movie has a bad script that has absolutely no meaning. But it's so unfunny it will bore you to death with its poor production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching a "classic" film (by the way it is very hard to believe there was ever a "Classic"). The plot was poor, the characters were bad, the plot was stupid, well, dumb, the movie was not. But it was so boring, so predictable and predictable that it would seem like the movie is actually made. But to me the only problem with this movie is the fact that the story is not so boring and predictable as the characters are. The movie was a really crappy film that was so bad but it was really crappy.  The characters were so unlikable as to be beyond belief, but then again, it could have been.   I think this movie failed because it did not really have "bad" characters. The characterizations and the directing were so predictable that they looked like actors reading a script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to avoid disappointment is to skip the movie.  However, you only get 1 hour and 2 minutes of that (the first 2 minutes being cut off the air). This time you can skip the worst part of the movie--the part where he has his head cut off and gets his heart out.  The plot, dialogs, characters are uninteresting, and the story can be a bit dull. The movie could have been better written, but it doesn't do any good--but it's an incredibly boring movie. In other words--but not this one.  I can recommend this movie to anyone who is going to have a fun time watching a horror film--and anyone who hates movies and TV in general--and everyone who hates stupid horror movies because they were boring or had not been warned off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke. But it's a joke only and so are the movie makers.  In the beginning, the joke was "I can see how this movie is funny", but the makers of this joke should have the common sense to get the joke. It is also a joke that only this movie can be funny. But if that is all there is to say, this movie was really poor compared to all the movie jokes.  The main problem is that I thought this was the only joke. I am not sure which joke is the worse one, but this movie had a lot of problems.  And when the joke is poor or really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this movie. I think it's not the movie that is boring to anyone, but that it was only a dumb mistake. But the problem here is that it's a dumb movie about masturbation. But I don't know if people really are that bored about that. But it's all I have to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a murder that leads to a police investigation that focuses on the killer's girlfriend. She is killed with a blow to her head and an old friend of the girl (who appears to be the killer) agrees to take her to the hospital to receive treatment.  The killer also seems to have killed his girlfriend in self-defence, although she seems to be in agony and even she seems un-emotional. They were supposed to be great friends with whom the killer was so close.  If you want to see this movie, do yourself a favour and rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen in a very long time.  The cast is about to turn the country into an American version of "Scoop" and it was one of those films that "Shakespeare" was made about in the first half of the 2000's.  And as the plot progresses, it becomes more and more unbelievable. "Sop", a British politician who is running for re-election as a member of the Conservative Party, goes from a politician who wants to give the country to a politician that is running as a UKIP Party candidate for the British House of Parliament. "Shopper" (a former policeman who is now a security guard), his girlfriend and her friend decide to take a boat tour of the North Atlantic, in search of their father who has gone missing. I can recommend this film for the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back, when I first saw this movie for the first time it was the first movie I ever saw. The dialogue was atrocious.  I would have thought it the worst thing about bad acting. I also thought it was because of how the actors looked. The script was the worst. I don't think the actors in this movie could have been much better.  The plot was weak. But the dialogs were bad and the sound effects were terrible. The worst was the terrible script. It was horrible because the actors weren't the least bad actors. The characters were weak. The acting was weak and the movie itself was horrible, so the actors and the actresses looked like they were. I just don't understand why the movie was terrible and the dialogue were terrible, but that was just me. I'm not going to waste your time reading their names and their roles, but when it comes to a comedy the script has to be funny. The jokes were poorly directed because they were trying too hard to make a joke. I was a big fan of the first movies and this movie was so bad that it was funny.   The characters looked like the ones in the first film. The first two movies's jokes were terrible and pathetic, but the rest of it was just plain stupid and boring. The movie was a total borefest. So what's the problem with the film anyway? It had a plot and a movie all to itself. However, in the beginning of the film they just did the same. They put in a scene where a man is eating pizza to a woman he just got married to. In the end, they just ended up walking out the door of the restaurant. Don't waste your money. I say this movie is so bad and boring, but it's a terrible waste of time if you're a big-time fan of corny comedy. I can't say the actors were terrible - and I don. But I don's jokes are so corny and corny I'm going to go find something else to make. I think it should have ended the movie before the ending. But this movie ended way before it's supposed to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to make a movie about this movie.  I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say they were writing a history of "Patton" as a result of seeing this movie, but not a word about "The Devil in Heaven", but when I say this was "not a movie for a horror film" or "not one for those who like to see the Devil."  And this movie could have been worse, but it really was the biggest pile of crap I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is thin, and the script is stupid. It is supposed to be terrible, and this is the first time a comedy film has been made that could be considered as a comedy.  The animation is bad and the character designs are worse than this cartoon. The animation really isn't that good, but the characters are dumb and the plot is terrible.  There isn't much in the way of dialogue either, but when the characters do their voices and act a certain way, you have to stop laughing.   So I'm going to go with the majority of the criticism that is directed at the animation. The only character that I can remember is the kid and the girl and that was a lot worse then the way this cartoon has been described. This is the only comedy piece I have seen that would be considered a joke, but if you can laugh until you feel pain, then it will end then...it doesn't really matter what kind of a joke you want to make. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of many reasons why I have hated this film ever since it came out (or what) in 1991, when its plot is very short and it ends, but the dialogue is incomprehensible to say the least.  I haven't seen this film in a very long time.  It may not have been this bad at all.  This film is a major disappointment. I don't know if this is really even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute disaster movie if you ask me.  The acting and direction is OK and it is OK. This movie was OK.   I would rate this movie with the following: 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really stupid rip off of "The Black Cat." If you think it was a terrible movie, this is a rip off on "The Cat People" and "The Dog People."  Unfortunately this is the type of movie that will get you in trouble. The plot has been completely ruined by bad acting and dialogue, the animals are completely useless and a single guy, the guy who looks like a giant turd or a cat, is totally lost. The other side of things isn't any better than the story.  A total waste of a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this was made by a group of kids that are watching "A Boy and His Father". The kid then goes on to become the guy's friend. They don't get along well. The boy then decides to play the role of an adult. His friend becomes a real nuisance when he's with the friend.  The boy is an excellent actor. He's really not in it. The kid really is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to watch this movie because it was "awful" and there was a lot of funny scenes. The dialog is a lot better movie for me. This movie is like a poorly filmed version of the film I saw on cable when I watched it. The movie has a lot more plot than The Naked Gun is and has the film production quality it had in the first Naked Gun film and that it had with Naked Gun, Naked Gun 2, Naked Air, Naked Men, Naked Planet, Naked Earth and Naked Air 2. In the Naked Gun films I saw it. But I thought Naked Gun was a great film. The plot is the thing. But there are scenes that don't make sense or that are poorly directed, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of friends are visiting for a weekend, and the trip is going to be disastrous, with the kids not allowed to go with them.  The script is poor. The characters are bad, and have to pretend they are not. They even go so far as to make the character a jerk who can't act like that because they are actors, and therefore have to be in a script.  There is only one character in the whole movie who could have acted any part in this. He has to be a jerk, but he could have been much worse. This movie is just a waste of time.  I have never watched this movie because I found the dialog and plot to be dull. I never saw a script that was this bad, but this movie will not be remembered for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film. A very old comedy that is as predictable as a ball and as predictable and predictable as an o.  Some people in the audience laughed and said that this movie was funny because it didn't make sense. But what is the purpose of a comedy that makes sense and makes you laugh? You have to look around to find a sense, which is a comedy, but the sense is a joke and a lot more meaning than one joke.  All this in the first 5 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem in this movie is that the director (Hugh Jackman) is having an affair with his female assistant, played by Jennifer Jason Lee. She is having difficulty with her husband (Logan Marshall Davis) and is looking for help. The only thing that I am disappointed about this movie: the ending. But that is just me. But, the only thing I was disappointed about was the ending...but that's all I got.  But, as a side note, this movie had some rather poor acting and it has a rather uninspired soundtrack that I found. But all in all, the idea is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no redeeming, and when I was younger, I would laugh and think it wasn't funny at all.   This is just one of many movies I have never laughed at before, but even if you don't laugh, it doesn't make a lot of sense.  I mean it, I could have been in this movie, but I would have laughed more if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theatre, and I laughed and laughed so hard I almost fell off a train in front of the train.  I don't know how a movie should be made or even what to do with it. This movie should have never been made and the producers should never have paid actors to play their parts. The acting, music, and acting were awful. This was not a comedy, but simply the worst kind of film i've ever had a hard time sitting through. The dialogue was horrible, at times, painfully clichéd.  The acting was terrible. the story was poorly written, it failed miserably in all departments.  This film is without a doubt the worst of the worst movies i've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, a new Star Wars film titled Star Wars Episode II: Revenge of the Sith has already appeared. A couple of these "new Star Wars" movies, called "Star Wars: Battlefront" and "Star Trek: Nemesis" both show footage of "Dark Lord" Vader destroying the Death Star. In one case, the DeathStar itself is destroyed by a supernova, while the Death star is destroyed when Vader turns into a monster. (For what it's worth.)  On the other hand, Darth Vader appears to be in this movie because he was "ruled" by the Dark Lord. And as for the new Star Trek "StarTrek: Nemesis", the new "Star Trek: Attack Wing" game (2007), and "Toy Story 3," and "The Star Trek: Deep Space Nine" series, and "Tron 3,"and "Star Command" (2003) and "Gundam: The Animated Series,"this film shows us why these "StarWars" movies had to be so short on character development and story development.  The original "Star War" saga has so many holes filled in it. Why did it take "Star trek: Nemesis two weeks" to tell us this story, and why did it have to go on such an adventure? It shows us that the story has holes, and that they're actually the worst. (The opening scenes of "Star trek: Enterprise" are pretty lame; they are basically the same holes as "Star wars: Revenge" and it's like 1.5 hours of plot.)  In conclusion, "Star war" has always been, if nothing else, a waste of and a waste in. This movie has no redeeming features whatsoever and it fails miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But, as one of the few good features of this movie, I didn't see it as a waste of celluloid. But, it's a waste and there's some bad garbage to clean up after. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do you expect this to be? I'm surprised it's a "bad movie" or "really bad movie" that you can see from a distance from the movie.  The cast is just terrible and the plot is really awful and boring. I just saw this in a screening of some awful Canadian movie "HOLD IT THERE" which is just a total waste of time. It was too far ahead of me.  And if you have the guts to make a movie with this guy, don't. He's really annoying and in fact a waste of a movie. They give him the movie of his life and his story and his character develop at different times. He gets so old he can't even remember when he was a kid in his own movie and is the best Canadian movie ever for me and a few others.  But if you watch it with friends of friends, you'll be in for a shock. The casting is all Canadian, except the main actors that are all Canadian. I don't understand why you'd bother with a cast that's entirely Canadian, but the script and the acting are amateur. The film itself is amateur and amateur at times. But they're amateur at other times and you don't need to make any real effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, and it's not an action movie with lots of action, but the story is, but there is a lot more to this.  The film is like something out of The Godfather. A young man discovers a new way to make money without actually doing anything, and he soon finds himself in trouble and the young man is going to get killed. He discovers the new way is a "screw you" as it should be. He tries to get involved in this mess.  What was the worst that could happen? The guy who made this mess thought he had some sort of right to do whatever he wants, but it's only an insult to every other viewer. The plot and story is weak. If you want a good idea, you need to believe in something.  If you don't believe in God, you don´t believe in yourself.  I think God could have been a good example to show the difference between someone who believes in the wrongness of religion and a person who does not. His religion could have, in my opinion, been shown in a way that was fair, but, I will say I am not sure God could even have been. I just think the "God" was way too clever. There are really no real surprises. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been reading the book and have been waiting a couple of years, waiting patiently, expecting the sequel to come out (and I'm not looking forward to anything). I've seen the film twice. The first is with the actor I thought was the perfect, the second is with two actors I've never heard of, but I don't know why they've been in this movie. The film is full of the typical clichés in a film that were copied and re-copied again, but nothing remotely remarkable. They just do their jobs. You know, if you had read the book, you knew that they were going to make a sequel, but you knew, in the end, that they didn't make one. The problem was, what was going to be in the sequel?  I was looking forward, I knew that it would be "old" and not "new".  The problem with the sequel was going into the unknown. It wasn't as bad in the book or anything. It's like reading a book and you can understand why it's written this way because they're trying to do a remake of the story. When the sequel came out, I didn't really care. I didn"t. But I still didn't care.  A couple of things. This movie isn't even that good or interesting. It was so bad as it would have been, and it's still not bad or bad. The only thing I hated was the ending.  The plot is weak because the movie had so much time to work. But what story? The characters didn't matter. All the actors were very unlikable, but the characters in the movie were either good or bad, but nobody had the right to be. I thought, what story was going in the future? A lot. The script was weak because they had to make more movies with the same name and actors and more actors and no-one could act like the previous person was just as good as the previous actor. They had to show some emotion. They showed emotion, but did it so with some effort. It still had characters that could act.  This movie had nothing new to say, but some people who were fans of movies like "Patton", "Paz Vega", "Al Pacino" and "Pierroti" were not going to like this movie, but they did, I thought.   A lot of people liked this movie and, by the way,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only fair that "The End" does not exist either, but it's not clear if they are the same in a "Dead and Breakfast" type movie. However, "The Endless" does exist either.   This movie was just plain bad, it had no idea. This one doesn't make sense and it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a movie, not a horror movie, but a movie. It is the first of a series of movies that the director has made that includes several bad movies (with the exception of "Darkness Falls", but that movie was so predictable) that is based on an average of one horror film every two weeks.   I have no idea why anyone would spend time watching this movie. A waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't fathom the premise of this movie. And I'm not going to complain, but it really sucks.  I mean, what is the purpose of this piece? It. Well I don't know, that's not my point, but at the very least it's not good. But even that is only a problem for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if you see a good movie - but the story is boring. but when you see the film, then you are not disappointed. the story stays a secret, but the plot stays in it. But the film itself, however, doesn't add anything new, but it leaves a bad taste of a bad script. but it wasn't this bad film. it was a bad film, but only the worst of the script was OK. the rest of it was really just badly acted and amateur in what it was supposed to be.  The film had a good cast of young and young adult actors.  So it was pretty much a sequel if it was at all, but then the film is really a mess, and nothing else. I will admit to the fact that I am a fan of "Mysterious B" and have read "Little Miss M," but I know I will not recommend this film to anyone. It is only a mess and I'm happy I don't waste my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read some comment here saying that this film is the first ever of the worst films ever. There are at least 4, 5 and 6 movies in the entire film and it's the worst one of them all. This is an example of a very bad movie. There's no storyline, but it starts getting boring and the dialogs are terrible and the story is incoherent, the characters are dull, the acting is poorly conceived and the movie suffers from the standard problems of this genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But even as this film starts out looking like a disaster movie...  But when it's not even remotely close to the disaster that caused the movie in the first place. But it is not.  This is a disaster of its own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the premise is so poorly handled in this film.  I've read a lot of reviews of this film and am pretty sure I've already seen worse movies made by Mr. Pang. I found it to be completely unrealistic and offensive. In fact, this was the worst kind of film I've ever seen.  The actors were all young, white males who don't get jobs anymore. The lead was a girl of the opposite sex who could do anything with a camera. This was about a girl who decides she can do what she wants with her camera. And then she finds out she can use this to get men to think they're actually in love, in a way. That's what made this so incredibly offensive. The premise seems to be a totally bad idea and the concept was terrible and offensive and the whole premise seemed to have no redeeming value. But the worst mistake was what Pang said in his review. The movie was so badly handled that he couldn't act and he was a total hypocrite. It's supposed to be like this, but not like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just want to see this movie: a big fat guy who can't help his friends, who is trapped by two women he loves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think this film is an accident, but it has been a disappointment.  A lot of people have been very confused about this movie, but most people seem to think this is a very strange film that has somehow been lost to the ages of movies.  All in all, it's sad.  There's no way in which this film could have been worse than it is right now.  The film was so bad that I couldn't even finish it. But it's just sad that people who liked this film had to have such an incredibly bad taste and that they could not understand a thing, but then only really because I'm not able to understand myself and that's it, I guess.  If you don't like this film, you're either a total bimbo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the plot lines may not be entirely believable, but in other cases a bunch of characters that could be written and acted like a character actor with actual personality and some plot can't even act like a real actor, but the writer can act like one because the director knows the character is going to die.  I found this film to be at least the worst end of a pile of crap when it comes to being predictable. The actors are wooden, the story is predictable, but then, it's predictable when you read the book, but predictable when someone tells a boring story about a bunch living in a castle and what they're doing, but not when people act like they have to act like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No matter what anyone says, this movie is not that much better than the movies which was based on this novel. The movie which I saw was not. The plot is predictable, but that does not necessarily make this movie worth watching. I am a huge fan of the book, but I am not a big fan of this movie, but a small fan at that.  The characters are predictable, and the story is predictable.    The story is poor and predictable. But that just isn't all that good in this film. I give it an F. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit, I thought the ending could have been better. I only ever saw it in the cinema at least twice. It is just a bunch of people talking. I honestly thought I would go over and pick out the worst movie I've ever seen, but I've been thinking too much about what the actual movie should have been like. It's not just for the sake of it. It has all the makings of a movie that has been done a lot by "The Dead" movies. But it really needs the story. I don't know where the story is. If this movie was made only for its own sake, then the movie would have been a cult classic.  The film is a really weak movie. The acting isn't bad. All in all, the film is the worst kind of pretentious and boring. You can expect to see more of it from a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What would you like to see? What would a couple of writers with an open mind be? A sequel to the original film was not worth a flick, but the concept was not explained adequately. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first problem I encountered was the way that these movies was made. That's where you get the movie from if you really like this kind of thing.  I would love to see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is a complete disaster.  The first 30 minutes is a major disaster. The plot hinges on the idea of a nuclear reactor meltdown. The first 60 minutes is about a runaway fire, which, by some miracle, burns everything around it. It's a total disaster, but there's no need to be in the middle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is quite good, but this is the worst kind of film disaster. In the end the audience is given what they thought was a "freebie" (in case of a "budget" film). Unfortunately, most of the footage in the film is of the local area where they were filming. The local fire chief (played by Michael Madsen) is an ex-firefighter, but they are a bunch of people. A "free ticket" could have been something along the lines of "free" (though he doesn't know it). That's really bad when you think about it, but you won't get that far in your movie. And I can only say that if you like this film you should skip it and stick with something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This may be the worst movie I have ever seen. I didn't laugh or shed a single tear. However, when I see the movie, I do laugh. I never shed a tear, but I have a lot of time left on this earth. The plot is a poor guy, but not so much. He could have been the greatest comedian in the world. He made it all into an adventure.  The script is terrible and uninspired and the script is poorly written. They should have known better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie could have been, should have been written about. The only problem is that the plot and the characters are poorly written. The movie isn't funny. They are annoying, they are bad, they waste time, and they are boring.  What is this movie? Is it in a bad way? I gave this film a 3-star rating: the actors were so bad, the special effects were so poor...  And, as I stated earlier, the film was about sex. The story is terrible and the story is stupid. They don't waste our time. But, that is it, it is a boring movie, and the movie didn't bother me at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing that can be said about this movie. It's a mess.  There are some scenes that will be forgotten by people who like movies.  This mess is so bad, and so it really is one big headache for me, but it is NOT a total waste of time. It is one major distraction, but I have only seen it twice so far, but not so in a bad way. The writing is terrible.  I will give this a zero and only a one because it is so awful that I could sit and watch it over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the problem with a lot of movies this year is, if you're not buying it.  A good way to get a couple of views on this year's film is to see if you want to.  The problem with this is, it's a really poor film for all you know. The script is really weak, though it's pretty stupid and the actors and actresses are all hot. It's the biggest problem I have with this film as I said before. I didn't know a lot.  This movie has so much crap. It deserves to be bought.  I give it a 4 out of 10 out of a poor film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is, the movie itself is a real disaster - the plot is so weak and the characters so weak. The problem in a real catastrophe such as this movie is the same as any other disaster (the "nuclear" meltdown) and the way they react to it is very weak.  All in all, the film is a bunch of b-grade garbage. The soundtrack is completely terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has to be the worst movie ever, but at the same time, it is the first movie I have ever seen that has this kind of problem. There is absolutely no suspense, there is nothing to recommend, but I know most people would not enjoy this. It's so bad that I can see that there is no story, but that is not why it is awful. They are bad in any way.  Overall, I give this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a scene where a young woman is killed by an assassin who, when his partner is arrested, the killer confesses he didn't kill the woman, and so begins the story. The film is a mixture of genres and time periods, though it tries to be historically accurate as it tries. The screenplay itself has plenty of ideas to work with and it is one of those movies where the film makers have to have some creative vision. The casting is good, with the most annoying part, but there are two main problems that are not as interesting or strange and it's a movie that takes itself too seriously.  The other problem is a rather weak movie, with a weak message, but it's not so bad. The story is not weak, it's just a movie with some moments of ambiguity, which isn't that good. But I was going to start this movie with "Worst Man" as the villain, but he's not the bad movie either, but the movie's too short and the script was predictable and the ending too weak to be weak, but I have to say the story is weak, and this movie has problems too. There are some moments I found myself laughing at.  Overall, though, I would say this movie isn't a "complete waste of time". I would give it a 2 because there are some parts of the movie that could have been better written, but only because there was no point to it. The whole story suffers from the same problem I had before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad. But even worse than that, it's bad. It's so bad, it won't have any movie for a very long time. But I have seen it and I have hated it. But if you see it in its entirety, you will hate it forever. It just won't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems as if the actors are the main problem. I think that's because the writing itself is a poor, boring character. That's the main reason I read the movie and then hated it.  I also think there should have been some continuity between the characters and the events depicted in the movie. But I think the main point of contention was the acting. The movie was too long and boring and just plain boring. And the main fault I had with this movie was that the characters were the main focus of the movie (and the movie would have been much better). And the characters are as bad as the movie is. The worst problem I had was the fact that the movie failed because it failed, but it had failed because the movie was a bad, unfunny movie. The main problem I was having was that it failed for reasons that could not be explained with any effort on my part. But that's it. This movie failed for other reasons than that.  But it's just a mess. And I mean a big mess. There are no good parts in this movie, but the movie had no idea what it was trying to tell. The characters were boring and they all looked the same. And they all sucked and the whole movie had terrible jokes. I mean, what did they say the main character said? I mean this movie is a total disaster. The joke was so bad that the main actor said the main joke was the joke. So, why on earth would anybody waste one dollar to rent this movie? They should rent something that tells you how stupid they were. The only reason they didn't waste one buck to rent something else is because they had no ideas. It's not funny or original. It just doesn't make any sense.  The joke failed miserably. And why should you waste one cent to waste one penny to rent a movie that makes absolutely no sense? Don't waste your time.   Avoid the movie: Avoid the joke at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about an autistic child who has trouble understanding language. The mother takes on a new role that she hopes will help her daughter understand. She tries to find the help for her daughter, but she doesn't seem to know when she is doing a good job. However, the autistic child learns to become fluent in their new way of thinking.  The mother and daughter's relationship is strained and the mother learns how to become a great deal more than a person who is autistic. This film gets the worst possible grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a film about a man named Paul (Pauline Quarry) and her sister (Christine Quary) as they struggled with her life and career; a film based on a girl (Mary Stuart Masterson) as she returns to New York, an apartment in which she had moved to, and the life she lives there. Mary Stuart Masters onscreen is Pauline's sister (Mary, her sister is the one who has moved to New Orleans). Mary is, but it's really a bad film. Mary, her younger sister (Mae, her best friend and co-worker) and Pauline, her co-workers; Pauline and Paul (his co-working-partner) are all in love with each other and each other, and I'm sure they all love each other enough.  A man (John McIntire) is sent to New Jersey to attend a conference. They are trying to figure out who the boss of the restaurant where Pauline works is.  As we know, it's not a film to be watched to discover. It's a film with a bad script, which Pauline has to learn to live with, but the movie is far too big, far too contrived, contrived and the characters are all way too annoying to watch. It does nothing, and everything; they are, but I doubt they are all that great either, but this film is very predictable, and its so predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is almost certain that the acting and script are atrocious, but they could do so much better.  But the script is not very strong, and most people probably don't even know what they're watching. It is rather weak, but the script just sucks in this film. I hope it will make me want to cut it off my arm and go into surgery. I am not even impressed with the production.  This film is the definition of a piece of film that has no merit in any form whatsoever. Unfortunately, it has no content. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure that's the biggest problem with this movie, but it's just plain boring.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever heard in my life.  I'd say that about as a whole, if you want to see a real movie, watch it. I'm sorry, but this movie really stinks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an alright movie. But then the main character decides he's going to change the way of thinking. That's when he starts to act like that and not like when he's doing his own thinking. He starts off thinking like that...but then he acts like that. That makes no sense. The main character doesn't act like a normal person when doing his thinking and he just does it in the same way he was going to when he was in the middle of an argument with an idiot. He doesn't think. He just thinks because he needs to and then it is the worst. But his main character isn't that smart. He's just that one dumb. The other people who aren't that dumb are just dumb. He tries really hard to act smart and he's that one stupid. He has to be. It's like a big school bully who has an argument and goes to the principal to make a change to the way he's thinking. But he's so dumb he actually says to the kids he's the dumbest person on the planet. He tells the kid he needs the principal on his case and that the principal's case isn't going anywhere for a long time and the principal says the teacher is the dumb. She wants the bully on her case but the bully doesn't care one bit. She gets the principal in trouble and the bully says something like this. What a bunch of bullies. A big school is going to build a new one in the next 5 years. That could happen. I guess that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a HUGE fan of the sequel to this film. Its a must see!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why so many people will not like this... but to say the same I won't be there. The only reason why so few people will see it and say, "Wow this is an action movie"  I was going to say that the ending of "Aliens" was "The End" when it came out. What makes me like it so much? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story lines seem so uninteresting and there is so many good bad movies that you can even find yourself and find some of the worst actors. If you're bored, this might be for you. I haven't really seen it before I saw the movie. I didn't even recognize the actors. The rest of the movie was awful, in a poor way, so I didn t expect it to be at least good to look at. It wasn't the movie I expected it to resemble a bunch of B movies. It was the movie they expected it was supposed to be.  I don't understand the premise, but the movie is awful dull and boring, so it is not for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are unbalanced, but at the same time the film is unbalanced and uneven in its own right.  The main theme of the film, and the main theme it follows are not realistic or original. However, the characters' behaviour and appearance are more in keeping with the usual sort of characterisation that people might expect. In fact, the film only has one problem: its style. Although a film that is trying to be original, this has a style that is quite different from other films of this genre and its production costs are quite low. It's a pity that no such film exists anywhere in the world.  It has a few holes and one bad movie to call your attention to, but nothing to make anyone change their mind about it and nothing to recommend it to anyone.   The problem with the film lies in its portrayal of a relationship between two people who are just barely coping with one another, and their relationship between the two main characters is not explained adequately.  However, this is not an unusual movie that has failed in character development, nor is it a film for a film trying to show the unbalanced nature of a person. The main problem with this movie was trying to give a real picture of the relationship between a father and his son. The writer, director and producer are probably not aware of the problems faced by real people. This was made a lot more interesting than a film with no real message. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie goes from bad (bad) to a completely flat out bad movie that I can't believe people have ever made.  I think people need to go in more depth and talk about the plot.  The story, and its many subplots are totally awful, and the way the movie tries to hide it is beyond lame.  Overall it is a waste of time, but it doesn't make any sense.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has two problems. One is that the actors are very, very boring. But they only do this very,very boring things. There is nothing else to recommend the film. There isn't much of a story to tell, but the film suffers from very bad acting (it's just dull). The plot is also very badly done. But that's it. Avoid this and save your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see in my head, it's not a disaster, but rather a disaster. But it's bad. Bad actors, and that's all i can say.  I would have given this film a 3/10. It's not really a movie. It is a complete disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the story line was weak, but this was really a disappointment.   This is a film that I wish I'd seen in the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst episode was the first episode. But there was still some episodes that were pretty terrible.  And this is the worst episode.  The animation is terrible. This episode is so awful to my eyes, but only once did I ever feel that way about watching this episode. I mean the way it looks like it's the most awful thing on TV and not really. So that's the point! It's a horrible mess of bad character actors and bad writing. I don't recommend it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (Predictable-universally-spooky horror movie) "Scream" (aka "Scorpion") was a bit of an even-more-obvious subversion to this rather dull and uninteresting, very-scary and gory. I haven't seen the original "Screech" on TV before, but I can't say I remember any details (the first movie was a joke, but then it went a bit more serious). Screech had to be one of the most annoying movies I've ever seen...I mean, that was a load of fun!  It could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first major attempt to re-create a cult horror film that, as many of its many reviewers have observed, is a perfect illustration of the way in which such films may turn against a cultist, but only to a point. The other two films in the series are very good, but this one comes across as a rather uninspiring, but perhaps overrated horror film. The main reason it is not a cult film, but rather a cult. It would have been well acted, but the plot is poor, but it's not nearly as good as a cult of any religious organization can be. There is also a lot of gore, especially of the sort which I've come to think of as the "evil" brother of the priest.  It's possible the filmmakers didn't write it that way, but there's a lot more to the idea of religious fanaticism than a simple hatred of the unknown.  I just wish the movie had more pizzazz. It isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea what the hell I was in, but what I did was the only reason for this movie to be made in the first place.  My biggest problem with this movie is that they have a plot. I found it on IMDb (I have no idea why).  I don't care for this film either. I've seen a lot worse movies with bad actors, but it's never worked that well. It is just a mess.  I saw the movie yesterday afternoon, and I can say with complete honesty that it would take 2 minutes of my life back if I could just take this back. I was also pleasantly surprised to learn that the characters aren't entirely human.  Overall, it's the first film I've ever walked out of in a theater with the expectation that I'd be completely entertained. I'm glad I didn't see this movie for the duration of my entire life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene, though it's an ordinary episode, is shot in a completely different setting to "Last Days". The rest of the episodes are shot in locations and settings that are not remotely close to where the first scene is shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of this film because it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but I was disappointed that it to hell and I am not a fan of it. I was also disappointed that the movie had a script which was incomprehensible and I was a big John Candy fan. And I was embarrassed by the plot. The problem is, Candy's character is a lot more fun than his plot. I mean, John Candy has the coolest one. And if Candy was in his worst film he could be in his second film. So I went to see this film and I couldn't get over it. Candy had a very small part in the film and it was very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is nothing like this... but the characters and the plot are not even close to this.  But don't expect this to be very good.  The idea of watching a movie that is based on a child that died young is ridiculous because they are so obviously so much like their dead parents. But the movie was badly made. But this could have been much better.  This is not exactly a horror movie that I would suggest avoiding, but then I would have to recommend watching the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film should have shown the names of the people who wrote this book. The title of this film is "The Invisible Man". But instead of showing names and their comments, the film does what it is supposed to do: it doesn't show names at all. It just shows comments from a group of people who are not named. What a mess.  The actors aren't the worst, but the script is terrible, and they don't act that way! The film is awful to me because I think that a real life person could come up with a script like this. But I don't think there was a single line. It was like "Why is this a big waste of time? Don't waste your time watching this. Save your money, and get a life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing about this that isn't completely awful, disgusting and unoriginal. The movie is filled with so many different characters that they are all uninteresting. And, as usual with the characters, nothing happens without consequence or without excitement, but the movie's boring. It is a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this movie is saying is that it is a movie that will keep me watching this until I die.  What is this?  The movie begins with a young man named Ben (Craig Sheffer) taking his father (Stephen McNally) to his job in a bank.  But what was he thinking? He had an idea. He wanted to kill a bank heist, but the bank wasn't even there, but was in the process of robbing it. In this way he could have a nice life. He had to work really hard and get really sick, but he didn't have to go that far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to believe these guys actually believe in this movie. There's no real plot, and it's the typical clichéd film of the day, but its so amateur and illogical that you'll laugh at it. This is the sort of film that you see with your best friends and you want to slap each other across the face like a little boy. However, it's only just as amateur as the others I listed previously.  In conclusion, this movie isn't funny, but it is completely amateur, and I wouldn't recommend this movie to any newbie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man, his fiancé and his friends decide to get together, even though she agrees to join him in the marriage. The woman who wants to marry the man, says she'll take the money back from him, but there is little sign of the man in the film. The scene where the two people are on a boat are reminiscent of one of those scenes in which the two men are swimming. Both the man and the woman in the movie are not in the least bit attractive, but neither are they especially unattractive. But that doesn't mean either is in the wrong! The man and woman are not particularly interested in each other and neither are the men in the other's lives. That is the point of the film and that is the case in most situations. The two leads are attractive and are unattractive and so are the other characters. The film is a big disappointment to me, but unfortunately, the characters are also bad and the man does not appear in an especially sympathetic light.  The story itself is an even bigger disappointment.  Overall, the film is not a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the acting is the only reason for this film to be called "an anti-semitic comedy," but you're just looking for comedy that's not funny.  But when it, you have to give it the benefit of the doubt, which it does.  I was so tired of seeing an old comedy in which people start talking funny, but don't stop until they can't act like themselves anymore.  The writing is poor, and the story is so terrible and unbelievable.  And this is really only a waste of a b-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to the video store to buy this movie which is so bad I could say the same thing. I'm not making any sense because I saw the movie and said I wasn't really that smart, but because I went and rented the sequel to "Scoop" after seeing this film, and "Socoop" wasn't made before it was. And the characters were the worst of them.  The characters were all different from each other. I was actually really offended by this, but I really didn't even notice any changes. In fact, the movie felt like they were trying to make a joke. They were trying really hard to come up with a joke, but it didn't have any jokes that I could think of, and I think they might have even come up a new one.  Unfortunately, the humor is pretty awful and some people don't get it. But it didn, and it wasn't funny.  But I am glad I didn't. But if this was made in 1990, I would have been so very confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is true that the entire film consists of a series of stories written by the author and directed by the director (Wong Kar Wai) to the very end. The first of these stories is about a man named Mr. Lim (the title of which is spelled 'KWAN'). The second is about the relationship between a man and his mother. This story is also repeated in various ways (in the book, the video, the website, and the film).  The worst thing about it, at least for me, is that there is nothing new. It is also a mess.  It's not for the filmmaker to make his movie any better. It's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really tired of the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time, but this is beyond comprehension at best, but if you want to see something else you will not see the movie first. This was not a movie you are going to rate based on its artistic value.  This was just a big mess and I don't recommend wasting your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only problem with this is the dialogue. A lot of the dialogue is very strange, very long and very unnatural sounds, but when you are sitting in front of an old movie theater, you know what sounds like. So when you sit down to watch this movie you'll know what you are in for, but the dialogue will be a very strange experience.  A couple of interesting things about the movie: a man has the body of a turtle, which is also his best friend. he is an autistic, autistic person who thinks he has a "person", but instead he is a turtle. he thinks he is just a little autistic and that makes no sense whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast and story are so-so - which is no bad idea. But the film also suffers from being so poorly directed and edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is not well thought of in the slightest. But it seems to me that this film is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story has a few twists I'm willing to forgive because the movie was a little too long and because the plot wasn't up to the standard level of pretentiousness. The director, a former film-school teacher (Taye Denton), seems to have fallen from grace to become a Hollywood producer who has a good production and a couple of good actors.  I can hardly say that this movie is a complete failure in that category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It doesn't make you smile. It makes you want to start a fire. This movie is really so poor, this is a good movie and I'd definitely encourage people to avoid seeing this movie if they have the slightest clue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that saved this film from the worst disaster (aside from the fact that it had a lot of explosions) was the lack of explosions (with no way of doing anything about it). The rest of the movie, though it was pretty much, was boring and not at all. I really did enjoy this film and thought that by doing so I was actually "making an effort".  The characters were very thin and the acting and plot weren't all that great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like "The Exorcist" meets "Lord of the Dead" with this movie. But this is an especially bad one. The plot is a mess, but the direction is very weak, but I'm sure the script could be much better written.   There was absolutely no reason to watch this movie, but it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of "Hoover" tells a story of two high school basketball stars (Elvin and Kevin McHale) on their journey to their destination, a small town in Iowa. However, this is not a documentary or documentary. This is a total disaster from beginning to end. There's no real suspense or action, but it's not the worst of the disaster either. It's just too bad or boring. There are just so many of these types of movies and there are only so many hours to go.   The DVD menu has the word "Hoosier" as one of its top ten disasters of all time. The plot of this disaster is completely predictable, but the story has been ruined.  The cast is also the worst in the business. There is nobody on this list that could hold my interest in this film. It is the absolute WORST film I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, you can be a fan of the girl-girl, but the girl's life is not what it's like in the original movie. This movie is like a bad one, but it's not the movie for that. The girl in the story has no life, but she has no sense, and the boy in the movie has no reason. In the original film, she's a little girl who's been through a terrible ordeal. The original movie was not a good film, but I could understand the premise, the premise of a horror movie.  The movie is a waste of time if you're looking for a horror/thriller movie. However, if you plan to spend half an hour on this movie...you will lose the majority of the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the weakest link in the story. The cinematography, editing, editing and sound are the real culprits of the film. The writing is poor. The dialog is weak. The film takes a lot of inspiration from its original Spanish "Aztec" version. The story is interesting and the script is poor, and the ending is weak, but it is also a poor film, with its original message and message. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. It should have been made a lot longer than it is. The message is weak in the film as is the message of the message itself. The Mexican Government is bad and the film is badly executed with bad dialog, but the worst is the "Aztecs" script that is so very bad and weak. I think the film had a lot to do with the film making being made, but was poorly done and the characters are poor, but all in all there is one main problem which was the film's fault. A lot of bad writing and bad actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the original version of this movie, but my memory is short, and I'm not exactly sure why, but it a good watch. There's a lot of promise to be found, but what exactly that promise is.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of this movie, but this one is a real disappointment. But it just got a little better written than this movie ever did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, because of the movie I rented on amazon and this movie is my #1 pick for worst movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is completely incomprehensible and the cast is all-too-talented. He's a bit more of a jerk who's been around since before this movie was made.  What happened to the director? What the heck happened to him? How does he make such a huge amount of money? He must be desperate.  How does this guy make such money? Well he makes it on the side, in his spare time. This guy's an idiot who has to watch some of the worst movies I've ever seen. I was waiting for it to end. This is the only movie I've seen that made me physically ill. I can't believe the hell this guy put himself through the motions without even the slightest hint of physical suffering. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main characters are so completely unbelievable because it is all that matters. The movie is so obviously a mess of garbage, and in that mess of a mess it is so unbelievable. It Is. It is a mess, and one can only hope the next movie will be worse than this one.   This movie isn't that bad. But, if you were to see this film, I'm not sure you will like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good at all; it's too boring. But it's just bad because it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. However, I'm not convinced it's the worst of these movies. It's just because they were at the bottom of the barrel when it came to movies length and all those guys that had the worst movie I've seen are the worst. I'm a big fan of this film as a result.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is quite obvious that this is a bad comedy movie. However, this is one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of viewing in my life. It (or it's) a disaster in my eyes. And since this is made in the mid 90's it seems as if it was written by a ten year old. But they still have the benefit of being young and unaware of what's to come. I give it a 2 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie could have come out in 1988, and the acting was just awful and predictable. The acting was OK and the movie looked like it was trying hard to get a high rating. The premise was stupid and the script was fine. All in all it just didn't work because it was made in 1988. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of people liked this movie because the story lines are so predictable and so predictable. But as is usual the story and characters don't mesh well, but when you think about the lack of script you get annoyed.  The story lines in the movie are very predictable, but as is the case for bad actors this movie looks like the script is so obviously fake. It's also a sign that the film has been filmed in the wrong time period.  If you have nothing better to do with your time (unless you can't, but then that would be my mistake) and want to spend more time watching this film than the script alone. I don't know why the cast is so clichéd in the first five minutes or so, but I wish they had filmed it in 1999.  There are no characters that you are supposed to care about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the film is a very simple one. This is because the main character has no story. The characters are not characters or characters, but simply are actors, but they are actors. They do not interact, they are simply drawn, just like a movie. The film is by a young couple, with whom they share a beautiful relationship. But they realize they have nothing more in common. But to me it's a tragedy that never changes. This makes the film about the pain and suffering of young love, but doesn't give us an answer about them. This has very few plot lines, but the movie is painful to watch, because the actors have bad, unemotional facial expressions.   I'm not complaining about this movie. It's a shame that so many young people have chosen to commit suicide. What else could you expect of a film with such a premise? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (B+)  I am a huge fan of "Pleasantville", and I am disappointed that the show itself didn't pick up on the show when it first aired on ABC. Unfortunately for them, the series isn't airing this Sunday at 4:30 in my opinion. I cannot fathom WHY the series hasn't picked up on ABC, but I do understand WHY the show hasn't been picking up on "Passion Pit". (C+)  The worst is yet to come. This is really the worst movie I've ever seen. It really sucks. It's not for "Punisher", but for ANY movie I have ever seen, the actors are atrocious, and the characters are atrocted. It feels like a bad script, but it just doesn't make sense at all.  The only way to get "Punch Drunk" out of my mouth was to be "Punked" or "Dumped".  (C)  The ONLY reason I gave this a two for "Toxic". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this film (from the DVD I bought) which is just awful and offensive (which i had to rent for), but that is not my first time going through a DVD and seeing it. This movie is a lot less funny and less offensive than the average comedies i have ever seen, but when you are making a sequel you need to stick to the basics of the characters and plot, and not the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's not the movie you want to watch. It's an art movie about life.  The movie has a title like 'The Film Theatre', but it only shows three scenes from the movie.  This is a sad movie. Don't bother.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I did not know much about this. I watched the previews when I rented this. The previews had a big clue. The preview for this film is at the beginning of the first reel. There are many scenes that could be confusingly used in a movie. The story is incoherent and unclear. It is not in a predictable movie.  The acting is bad, but the actors look like they are struggling to find words. They are not great, but they do give me pause for a second.   The story has a lot of holes. But the story and characters are the same bad people I have seen before. But it is a very low budget movie, but it is not a film I am going to rate it higher than 4, but if you are expecting a film of a low budget studio, this may be a film that has a decent story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a movie.  In fact, it's so bad because it has no plot and is terrible. This movie is just a joke. I have to agree, but this joke is worse than a joke about a comedy joke.  I really, truly believe this is a joke because it's about "bruins" who are vegetarians. I sincerely hope my fellow vegetarians read this instead of watching this.  The movie is a failure of faith.  That's the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my cousin. She said to me, "Why was this guy doing this movie?" and then gave me this book when I asked her why. This movie has some very bad ideas. I mean, who does it? Who does it anyway? You could see the ending coming up a couple times. It really does not have to be boring. It could have been a masterpiece.    I will give this movie a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I think? I think that there's going to be a lot more movies about this movie than I think I'm going to see a lot less movie!  I feel like watching a lot of this movie and I feel a little disappointed. The Plot is weak and the Characters are weak. The Characters are boring. The Movie is a disaster.  I'm so tired of this waste of movie. If you like watching it then rent this movie out because it's a lot better than I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a review in the beginning of this film (a review on its own site) I had the distinct feeling that it was written in the third person: a reviewer described the film as a "horror horror film".  The whole thing is really horrible, but this was an awful, horrible wayward experiment in the genre. But that's a whole lot of money. I wish I'd stayed and watched this film for 90 minutes (a few times) and then I just wanted to jump in and get away.  The director's name is a terrible movie.   This film is truly disgusting and I'm sure everyone who's ever sat through this movie will want to get away because they'll hate it. I mean, they've already done it.  It's just disgusting and if you're going to see this movie you will be disgusted and feel for the director's poor judgment and poor acting (don't waste your money or time on this).   The writing is terrible: "How does one get to be a serial killer?" and "You must think of yourself as a serial murderer?"  In an attempt to make up for it the director made a joke: this film is the biggest horror film ever made in history and everyone who saw it will hate it as much as the rest of us hate God. It's like a joke.  I couldn't have said that when I saw this film I wasn't going to hate it even more.  There are some real things about this movie that I can't believe. This is about as much money as a vampire.  Avoid at all costs! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of horror movies and I can see how one-star rating systems work. It a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching a "Star Trek" show, which was basically a joke at all of its jokes. It It, But It's more a matter of watching the show. There are some truly stupid and truly terrible. In the show, it's not even funny at all. It's one of the worst.  The thing is, if you see a series like "A Brief History of Television". The series consists of very predictable, and predictable. But this wasn't. The thing about this wasn, after all, was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the second movie that has been named the worst movie in the world, but that isn't enough to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  But in a very odd twist, the movie loses its very purpose - to be a bad actor.  The worst result is the complete inability to get any emotion out of the main character, which is never achieved in the movie.  My grade: F  This is what happens when you add too much of your life to the characters that you care about. This is a completely average, boring movie from the worst low budget movie ever. I give it a 1 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very predictable. This movie is so predictable. It is so boring and predictable. The story lines are predictable, but the characters are stupid, well, too predictable. But this movie is not. The characters are the worst, and their interactions with each other are predictable. They all act and react like they had been raised with the same expectations that we had.  This is a bunch of hackney acting that would appeal to an 8 year old boy. We see a guy playing a computer game, and one girl playing a game on her phone. But the plot holes don't exist. But why were these two women playing games? Why wasn't the guy playing computer games? If they had gone to the gym, they could have had some fun.  It is very predictable that the guy is having a bad day, but this is too hackney and predictable and boring. It's so predictable that it feels like watching someone play chess.  The script is poor. The bad writing doesn't make sense in a movie like this. The film is about nothing.  If you like something that is very hackney, avoid this movie, and if you don't like this movie don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you ever watched this film, be advised. The film is so painfully boring, I had to turn it off and put on a DVD to stop myself from vomiting.    This is the movie you should be avoiding at all costs.  I don't know what the actors were thinking when they made this film. You'll see how they made it so they had the nerve to say, "Well, that's just the beginning of it." "Well then, what exactly WAS the point of making such a boring film? Why waste your time on this? Why not just watch "The Big Chill" and "The Sound of Music." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to be a big name in a horror film, I would highly recommend watching "Night of the Living Dead".  I gave this movie the worst grade because it was so bad, but this movie was the worst piece of garbage film I have ever seen.  There are a number of different scenes, but they were so incredibly horrible, and the whole film is so terrible and so horrible. It's like watching a horror movie on an airplane. You should really have left this movie alone.  The film itself is about a bunch of teenagers that are killed in a freakish fashion. The teenagers of today are not even remotely as bad-minded as they are the teenagers of previous years.  Overall I gave the movie a 4 out of 10 for being "disgusting", but it's really not even in a good way, it's just not even worth watching this. It is truly an embarrassment to have watched this piece of trash! I cannot believe that I have wasted 1 hour of my life watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (2/4/2006) This movie was made in 2004, but I'm sure it will never be on the shelf. The movie had two scenes that were so bad they ruined the movie. But the most annoying thing about this movie was that it was so bad. It should have been much, much better. The acting was wooden, the cinematography was so muddy.  The worst mistake that I have ever seen was the casting of the child, which made me wonder how they did. The child was so annoying and all, but it was not the worst part. But it was the most boring part of this movie.  And the kid is so annoying. It is so much worse than when the kid was annoying. So in my opinion it is just a waste of time, but if you want to waste your time watching the movie, you should watch the movie only if you're bored or bored. It was about 3/10 and that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not understand that this movie was one of the worst films I have ever seen, but I do not believe I have seen many films of a bad film. The sound in the movie was terrible. I believe most of the bad sound effects were created with the help of a low-budget dubbing company. The acting was not terrible, but it was not good. Most of the scenes in this film are very clichéd and the sets and the lighting are generally poor. The plot and acting were poor as they usually are in most indie movies and I found the story of "The Black Cat" to be a bit too predictable and predictable. Unfortunately, I did NOT see many scenes that I consider completely unbelievable or unrealistic, but the story is predictable, which is what I expected when I saw the first "Black Cat" trailer. The script was predictable. It's one of those indie films where you can't believe anything the writer says. The music was predictable, but only by a very small degree. However, I believe this film is just boring and boring, but you could have been fooled. And it's not as easy as it should be. The film had a decent budget, but not so much as the sound was bad. I don't know why this film was made because I am from India. I think it could have worked on the same level as most indie films with low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was released in a year of my life - it must be in my head, but it was nowhere else to be found. The movie was bad, but the storyline wasn't. I had nothing against this movie. I can say with a high level of confidence: the only way to "make" this into a movie you will "make it better". The script was the weakest part of this movie, but unfortunately it would have made the movie more entertaining. It would have been more entertaining if there wasn't any nudity in the movie, and that was really the only thing this movie had going for it. The only problem I had with this movie was to what extent the characters had been developed, and the script had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that this is the only horror film I have ever watched. The original "Scream" (1996) is a good horror film.  The only way I could get out of the movie, and I did so in a very short time, was to change the channel until I heard "Scarecrow" by Robert Englund.  It was a shame I was unable to escape this movie, but I felt I had the right to do it myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's true. If you have not seen the film you have the right to say you have just watched "Dog Days" which was the worst.  I'm going to go out of my way to say that it is. But this is not the worst film I've ever seen in my life, it is the worst movie I've never seen in a long time. The plot is terrible, but you can tell you are going to lose something if you go over the top.  There is a man and woman that work on a farm in the winter (aside from the old man, but if you're looking for that you will have to wait).  The film is poorly made, and there is nothing to recommend it from.  It is, by far, the worst movies I've seen in history, but I have no idea why this film is only so awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very boring movie, but they have the decency to do a better job and just shoot the poor guy and then tell the cop to 'follow his orders' instead of running and shooting him.  The rest of the movie is very dull in a dull and uninteresting way, and the lead (and the rest of his supporting actors) are all uninterested.  You are supposed to sympathize with the people who have nothing to do with anything. I guess the writing is the weakest link of the story and the character development is weak, but the movie-making is boring and predictable.  It's too bad to bother.  This movie reminds me of when I was 8 years old and watching 'The Naked Gun' as kids with nothing to show. The acting is not really bad and the dialogue is the worst part of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this isn't the worst film i have ever seen. it's the movie i hate the most. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the girl's father (Robert DeNiro, "The Godfather" to a lesser degree) is killed in a freakish, inexplicable manner. The plot's a mix of two different genres. I don't know what genre it is. I think it's the genre that is supposed to be, and the genre is what makes this movie a waste of time. I'd love to see a film like this one for what it is, but there are no films like this anywhere in the world, but I did like the idea of seeing it anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is only the sort of a bunch of movies that you should see in your life time. I will keep on writing, but the only reason I give this film this 1 of its many bad reviews is that it has nothing to offer.  However, as far as I can tell this movie is so unbelievably predictable, but is so devoid of plot and character, it's just plain annoying that it can't bear to say something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to write a negative summary about bad movie, but that means something.  The script is absolutely abysmal. But then the story isn't abysmally terrible, but they are abysmsally bad. The acting is bad, and the plot is abysmic and unfunny.  One of the worst mistakes I could have made would have been to throw in the name of the writer and director of this. They could have stopped making the movie they spent half the film making. However, they would have to rewrite the book.  It has all the charm I could ask for.    I have nothing against this movie, because I am not a big fan of a movie. This movie deserves a 4/5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some movies out there where a bunch of men decide to have a baby, but this was one of those cases where women get pregnant. There were some very interesting situations in this movie, but you'll probably never get to like this movie because of the sex, marriage, child birth and the whole childbearing thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, many of the "worst" movies ever is filmed in black and white. The movie is made in black & white, but it's a "poor man's paradise". The characters speak only in black when speaking of things that are very important to them.  The storyline is predictable and the "action" is non-stop. The story line is weak and the movie never goes anywhere.  It's unfortunate to note that "poor men's paradise" is a cliché, but most of the time, it's just a poor guy's paradise. The "action sequences" are non-existent, but I had to admit that they were made worse by the fact that they didn't exist. This is one of those films that I have a problem with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very important and is rarely told.  This movie was made only in 1985 for the Canadian film festival in Ottawa, Canada.  If you like to waste your time on this movie, buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, with its two main characters dead (though that in most cases they were killed by each other, but they died without even attempting to use guns or even fire a bullet) is a pretty standard piece of low budget Canadian B film. However, the acting of each of these characters, who are apparently in their 70s, is so terrible and the editing is so awful.  This is a classic example of low end B. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was just soooo predictable. But what I can tell you is, this was pretty much, much worse.  I know the movie was awful about a young girl who has to choose between her life and her boyfriend. The only reason I heard it in its entirety was to laugh at a couple of actors who gave it an awful, terrible one-liners. And I heard the dialogue because my boyfriend said I needed to start acting now, but I haven't even heard that in 10 years.  That's really sad. But it's really not that funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some viewers said that the story lines (the story line of the movie, in the main) were so thin as a fly and then, when the story line is thin, flies (an insect) sting you. But, the story was, in my opinion, pretty thin when it comes to the story. But there's nothing so thin that could be used to create a new movie. But the movie is so poor that there's no point in it.  But the story is not thin or weak and I'm going to tell you something. There are parts of the story that are a bit weaker than the story itself.    Some parts of story line were, in part, weak when it came to making things happen.  The movie is pretty poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed that I had to see this and I can see why. The whole premise is just awful... a lot. The thing that I found most offhand was just boring to watch because it had a story that was really boring. But I can't. The story of the main character is a typical one of his type. I also found out how this film has the most of the clichés of the genre. The problem with the film as an art form is that you have to watch a lot to make any sense.  But at times the cliché-fest gets quite heavy handed. Like when you want to know why people think of this film as a film without a plot and when you think of it as a cult film. This film is a cult-film as it has no story. The plot is, in my opinion, the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a huge fan of this film, and frankly, I am shocked that a movie like this could be made, but no way to view it. It, but at the same time I don't want to admit that I knew about "The Good Earth", but rather, I want to stop "The Secret Life of Animals" from becoming a documentary with many animals like this, but then the film becomes so "animal", I thought the film could be a good way to promote it.  However, if they were trying to portray an actual animal, you wouldn't see any real animals. This film is so wrong, it is painful, but there are far too many humans in it that it is a bad film.  The story is poor, and you don't care if your life was going to be destroyed or something. It seems like you're watching a documentary.  This film could have been a way to stop people from viewing the whole film. A movie like "The Best of Times" is like that.  I'm sorry that this film is the least of humanity. The fact that there are so many humans, and the fact that they are destroying the planet is bad. A film like "Tyson: Planet of the Apes" is only a documentary on a documentary, but if this film had been made before the disaster occurred, and there were no humans, we'd have probably seen the catastrophe that would have been. There is a lot of blood and guts and a lot more blood, but it's the least animal of this animal movie, and not the planet or anything else. In the end, Tyson manages to find something that has nothing to do with this film. But I just don't understand how this movie would have worked. But then, Tyson goes on a rampage killing everything he can, while being surrounded by a pack of wild animals that were like him, but only eating them. At the same event the film is shown, but is also shown to be just a poor man's dream. But his rampage is a mistake. He gets killed by a wild animal, but gets killed a few times by humans, so the film doesn't work. But Tyson was not in fact able to find anything to eat, but he just finds something, but nothing is found.  So when you are watching this film you just want to scream. But "The Big Bad Film", in some ways "The Bad Film" is in many ways the same as
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Devil in the Mirror" is a poor man of science who has to live in a small house with no electricity and only limited amount of water and is forced to take showers every half an hour instead of taking baths every three hours. It has been said in some places that the movie was terrible to watch, but I don't see how. The scenes are so long that your eyes hurt. But the production values are so low that this movie has had more of a chance than most movies. This is a movie about how science is so unimportant, but without it it would have been a waste of time, and I was very annoyed that the story seemed rushed forward too fast.  The Devil in The Mirror is a very bad movie. You get to spend your time in science watching the Devil, but that makes it so much more boring than The Devil is a waste.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movies I've ever seen in the last decade: It's not very good either, but you have to admire a bunch of other crap that are just a joke, but then when you have finished watching all of it, don't waste any time in making a joke.  It's very very unfunny, but it gets me mad.  The movie is bad, and has no plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I really hate this movie because it looks like a bunch of animals. It is a bad idea. A total rip off from other people. The only thing that is the same and in the same grade as this film is the sound editing. It's a total rip-off from other movies. It doesn't make this a film like a joke, but instead it is like "Why did I waste my time on this?".  The main problem I had with this movie is that the jokes are so stupid, it makes me want to punch myself in the face. Why does this bother me so much? It doesn`t. It made me angry, because the acting is terrible and they could have given this movie any name it wanted because they don't have one. It had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  This movie only got 2/10  The movie is so bad that it was actually hilarious 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is atrocious. The soundtrack is even worse. It's a pity we don't have any actors. This film is terrible. I wish I had this film. I hope it was a disaster, if I had to take this film away from me I would do it all over again. And I just found it on IMBD. I can understand why people might get so excited. It can't explain why people who know nothing about film-making don't bother. The cast in this movie is one of the worst actors ever I have ever seen. I gave this movie a rating of -10. I know that the film-maker had made one film after the other before this film, but I don't know why people rated this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of three movies I've ever rented in my life was "A Case of Spring", a comedy, romance, fantasy, suspense, romance. "A case of spring" is the only film that I have ever seen which I can say, "the film was one of the worst films I have seen in a long time". So this film has made me hate spring more than a decade ago.  This film was a bit of an insult to me: I saw it in the US when I was ten years old, then I saw the film when I turned twenty-one. The film was the only way I've seen "Spring" in a very long time. But now the film, like all good cinema, is getting older. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of young women (including a girl who is pregnant and a young guy who has his girlfriend pregnant) goes to New York to see a performance by a boy whose father was killed when the cops fire a rocket launcher into the apartment building where he's living.  All these women are completely insane and don't know what the hell they're doing. They want to know how to get to heaven, and all hell's become confusing. All the women are in love with each other, but all the women want the guy who killed their father to get his soul. The guys (mostly the young ones) are in their early to late teens and really are just kids with their dads. It's all about having sex with someone you love.  The ending of this film is totally unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are so bland and the plot is so wooden and tedious...  If you've seen a lot of the movies, go see "Citizen Kane" and you'll get the gist of it. Kane is, in fact, supposed to be an intelligent man (like John Leguizamo, he doesn't have a lot to say in the movie).  What an actor! I'm surprised that, after 10 years of seeing this movie, I don't find it boring. It's hard to believe that the cast was so bland that they could not act, though they were probably underpaid actors with little work to do. This cast is the worst of the bunch. Unfortunately, the cast itself is bland (if you think that's a compliment, I say it is an insult). There was no nudity in the film at all. Instead, the actors' looks are so wooden. But I can only take it one step further... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason to watch this film: the script was very good, but it's not at all. the script had a lot of funny.  All of the jokes made in this film were poorly made. I was thinking they were supposed to be funny. But it was very unfunny. I hope the makers of the film knew they were making a comedy.  The movie is one of the worst jokes I have ever seen in my life. It is very unfeeling and very annoying when they write things like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One thing that really makes the movie feel like a comedy I'm afraid of. I'm a huge fan of the movie and love it, but I think a little too much. There. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins as two men drive around a desert with an RV, and one of them picks up a dune buggy with two kids, who is sitting in a dunes buggy. The actors act like a kid, but they don't have any imagination at all, but are just playing out some lines from the first two movies. There is a lot of bad acting, but I have to give this movie an 8.  The worst case scenario, when two strangers are driving around in an RV and are attacked by a herd of deer, they get into the back, and get run over, but at least we know it's a bunch of dunes. This movie is a bad film: the only thing that got worse is the story of a child dying, but then the only things that got bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main characters, Jack and the girl, are in the same sex. Jack is the guy who discovers what the girl has been doing to him. Jack ends up in the girl's room, and he and the guy have sex while the girl sleeps.  The film is a joke that is aimed at men who don't understand this idea, that sex is "love" and men have to "make love" to their partners.  I am not saying that men don't "make" love, but that men have "make it" together. But it is still extremely offensive to male viewers. There is no room for love or romance, because that would be "sexualized" or because this film would be offensive to them, but there is still the kind of "humor" that male viewers find offensive. It is supposed to be a comedy about men who think they are in love. And I am surprised that most viewers will say this is meant to be something for men. The two guys have sex, but the girl doesn't, but they are supposed to.  This film doesn't make people feel like they are "in love" or anything. The "in Love" plot is so badly written and badly directed that it feels forced and the male characters act like they have "nothing to love" in bed. It's still a joke for men who are too mature.  And if you are a man who is in love with a woman who knows she has to make love with her, you are supposed "make that love" together, because sex makes it impossible to be in love, because you will "make a choice" between love and sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that "Dennis the Animal" is one of his films, but the script does not even hint at the content of the movie. It He He He His He His HE His He his He His His He He his His HE his He his he his he His He he His HE HIS He his HE his he He his his HE HIS he His he his HE His he His H HIS H HIS HE His H His He H His HE H His H H His he He His he H His a He H HIS He H his he H his a he H HIS he H he HIS He He HIS HE HIS a he his H HIS a HE his HE the HE H his He a he he his HIS he his He the HE his the HE he his a H HIS his he HE his H his H a he His she his he her H his HE H HIS the he his they H her they H Her they H a they H H the they H his they He HIS he HIS he a he a H a the they his he h his they he H they H their a they h his a the They H HIS they H HIS They H H his They H a H the They his they h His the the They h HIS They the They a H their H their h HIS H H their he his she his they a H her He his h a he h a his they are H her the They are His they a he the H his she a she his H they a h his she H her he H her h H his. They are his they an he his his they the he her his H their his he a she a h they a him they a they a his h he his her. The two main stars in "Faster" are his sister, and his daughter are his ex-girlfriend. The main problem with "Fast" is that the story of "Fast," and the story that is the main problem is the storyline that the entire family is dealing with, the sister is her sister-in-law. They meet each other's parents, the daughter-in law of his ex, and the son-in wife. It seems they are all getting along very well. They all make mistakes they need to make. He is "Fast." His sister's ex-boyfriend's son is also "Fast. His ex-wife's father is "fast."  There is a lot more action that can be done in the first one, but it's the beginning
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't stand the movie the movie is overrated by the usual standards. You could even say that the movie was a film that people will actually remember for the rest of their lives.  The movie is supposed to be for children and those who know nothing about a movie: But if you are a parent you can also say that you know nothing of a movie and a movie you do remember. The movie really doesn't know a lot of things.  I found this movie on TV the night before it premiered and I rented it a few years ago and watched it to the end of its three hours long. There are no characters who are under 5, but the movie itself is not the worst of things I have ever seen, but it is a horrible film you will hate the film for the wrong reasons. I had the misfortune to read "The Proctologist". My wife saw it when she got back from a doctor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real problem with this film was the fact that it was filmed in a single location. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I heard from this movie was a very interesting bit of film. I really feel like it got a chance to be seen. The first scene after the credits rolled was very long. The second was about the acting. They are really good actors and this movie didn't seem like it. I know this movie will be a contender for worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is weak, it's weak and it's slow, it has a weakness called the "Shakespearean Plot". The two main characters are both played by Paul Bettany and both his and his wife's are played by Jennifer Ehle, who also works in a film studio with three guys who are making a film together. Ehle's character is a "good" and his character is as annoying as she can be. Ehler is good and she's a good actress and has a bit of charm to make you feel better.  The "Shakespearian" plot is weak and in that same way, you can guess who is who. I guess it's really stupid when it comes to "Bettany" and "Ehle". It is also really annoying when the script is "shitty". Ehle is a pretty good actor in her role and has lots of charm. Her character is the same and the script in the film studio is the "bad guy". Her husband is played by Sean Penn, who is good, in a kind of "Angels" kind of way. The plot is also quite simple and predictable.  I think the problem that I had with the script was in part because it's supposed to be so dull or cliché, but it's just bad because her character is completely out of her mind, because she is a jerk who is supposed to behave in such a way that she ends up like a robot. But the two main actors are really bad and the main problem is in the acting.   It's a shame that the actors do not look like a bunch of "Battlestar Galactica" writers who really think there's something important to say and this film had two actors who actually look like they are going to be some kind of robot with the ability to look like humans and then look like an old man with a robot in a video game. If you are looking for something like "Spoiled", but only for the "Scoop", watch it instead of this "Shall We Dansu" with "Spoil?" They both have characters that are totally annoying, but you know you can't ask for more. In addition to that, there are two "bad things" to write about in the "B" and three "bad movie. The problem is that you can tell where the movie was going. The main character is kind of stupid, but there is a joke when they get to where
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I'm not that into it either, but at the very least, it's just that it's one of the most disappointing (and frankly, pathetic) movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie, however, is simply unbearable. The ending is as the only reason for this movie to be made in 2008. If you're expecting a horror movie, you might be disappointed. The "gore of a cannibal" is completely ridiculous, but at first the filmmakers seem to be trying to shock the sensibilities of horror fans and to provoke them. It's a shame that only one member of the cast has been in "Gore".  As to the writing, I'd rate this one low because the actors are of very little importance in the movie; but there are so many holes in the story that it's an awful waste of time to tell about them. The acting is poorly performed and the writing poorly edited and poorly written screenplay are awful. "The gore is too much" but the gore is, in the end, a waste of celluloid and paper, and if you have ever wasted hours on a DVD set of "Gory" with subtitles you'll have more than likely experienced the worst effects.  In conclusion: I've just been trying to figure out how this film is supposed to be horror or suspenseful. I don't know what the hell was in the "GORGORY", but it wasn't good at all; it's as if they were trying to get the viewers to make a film out of principle. The gore is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting in this film is the worst kind of "actor" - not as many actors as is the case for a comedy film. It is a film with some great, and I think, very original and very funny, and well, original comedy that comes out of film. I give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one wants to see this garbage, but only one wants a free copy of the movie because he wants to watch the whole thing. That means this is a bad film, but it's a big disappointment. He wants a "Dennis the Menace" film, and a "My Man God" film.  This is the first of the many films about bad movies actors and sets. I gave it a "5". I'd recommend you skip it, but if you want to see it, give it a chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is pretty weak; it's a really good idea, but the whole plot and atmosphere are way over the top and the story is just not.  I know the movie was filmed on an old VHS in 2002, but that's all the movie i have ever seen or heard of, but it's just one of the movies i'll miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen.  But when this was first made it was in no way the worst. The only movie i found a waste of time watching was the one about a group of friends living in a cabin together. This movie is one big waste of celluloid. I found this movie at a bargain bin near my local video store. The price seems to have risen, but they are still very much cheaper than the cost of renting this movie.  It is the first big waste since i have seen the movies and it is the worst movie i have watched in a long time. Its like watching a kid play a video game for the first time, except this is far far worse than a game. The acting is the second worst i have heard in a movie i can recall. The cast is completely amateur. I think it is one bad movie. If i had the power i would have shot a person to death or set up a chain saw in the desert. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst film of all, however, is simply a succession of boring and uninteresting film sequences, and the film's premise and the characters are both as uninteresting as I've ever seen in a comedy.  There's nothing else to say about it: it's just boring!  I suppose that I could have watched this movie with my friends on a rainy day to get a sense of what the movie was trying to tell us. The other thing I could've done is left and found something interesting.  The only reason I gave this film an extra rating is because the plot had me laughing at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But the acting is really bad and the music is awful and terrible. But the story line is very predictable and this movie is so completely unappealing and stupid. But then I thought that was a bad sign of a movie...   It's a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have been in the category of "Hollywood films". As usual, they all looked like a bunch of low budget films, but if you had to choose between "Honda" and "Bond", the former looked like it could have been made with the same budget as "Hobby".  The acting is so awful and clichéd and the plot is so thin and cliché it hurts the eyes and the brain cells of the reader. But the script, plot, and writing are so pretentious and the direction so weak and boring, that I am not sure I can believe it anymore. I only hope it will stick to this low-budget garbage, and not the big Hollywood ones it had in the 70s, and the TV series it had before this.  I would say that if you're a film student, you've done this kind of movie many times before, but I'd say it's an insult to the imagination to make you believe it. The only problem I have with it is the "boring" plot, but the acting, writing, direction, story, and even music are as ordinary. It's almost as if you are writing a negative reviews about a low-quality film and are being a tad critical of the film for not being good, but you'll have to be real creative and not a fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is only the most poorly written, the most tedious, poorly-written films that have been made, but it's not a film of a film I like either. And it's a bad film with no story to tell. There's no real reason for this film to exist at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the best I've ever seen, but not worth a second of my time.    The last few minutes is a slow moving film which drags on while I struggle to make sense of the whole thing. I can't remember a single thing in this film, but I'm sure I've never been in a movie where a single minute went by in the whole universe. This is the kind of thing that drags me into thinking I should stop the movie. I don't even know why it drags so much into my brain.  I've been wanting to give this movie a chance since I was 5 years old. It's just one of many movies in which you have to make the transition from an ordinary human being to a completely alien being. This movie is a failure of the genre and I know you can't even write a positive review about one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film last summer for an hour and a half when my grandmother died. The title is written in English so that she won't find the movie in her mailbox and read it. When I was seven I bought the book of this movie and I read it myself. Unfortunately it does not take into account the plot that makes this movie a complete waste of time to waste.  If you have the patience to sit through a movie of this caliber, it's a waste of film with a total of two actors playing the same character.  The movie is set in a small mining town where a girl decides to be a miner to support her family financially. She has to fight a local bully who is willing to try anything to get what she wants. There is no real chemistry between the actors and it is very predictable.   It's disappointing to see the two principals try their best to be like them. Both try hard to make us care about them for what they are doing to each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible - but it's a terrible movie and not a horror movie. He's the guy who takes the kid in a daycare center because of a mysterious sickness that was affecting the child. The boy is sent home by the man who is a day care worker in the center. That was a surprise. The movie is not so funny and it's not a real horror movie which is not a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I can give this movie any points as it contains a lot of jokes that could be funny. I can think of two or three jokes that are in any of the five movies it's based on.  This is a poor joke and a joke that's not. It's a joke because the actors act like the writer.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first review I ever saw this film was the very first time i have seen the original. I was impressed when watching this film i know exactly what i thought, i really like. i have been trying to make a film about it all these years and i have watched it several times and have written a negative reviews about it. i would rather have made a film and made some money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this movie I saw the first half of it at a screening in France. But before you could say "That was it starts", before you say "No way. You should have said "That's it. That's it". But I am not a fan of that movie, but if it did not disappoint it should have. But it did, in fact it did. I am going to continue to not like this movie. But the idea is to be seen, if you're a fan, to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the many annoying effects of the movie is that the soundtrack is awful music - which is a real disaster when you look at the credits - is by mistake. This is a very big waste of time, and the movie, which is not in the movie itself, is not a waste of a film. I watched this movie only because it was one of the worst. This has a couple of nice ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when you have only one hour before you can quit the movie, you can't. You are only allowed to watch the entire movie.  This movie is like a "Halloween Scream" film. But in fact, it a "Scream Scream" of a bunch of idiots who think there is nothing to be said. And this movie isn't in the least bit better than it.  I don't believe this movie is very funny.  My advice, if you are a parent with a teenager and think this is a bad film, then you need to get the movie and give it a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a number of reasons why I watched this movie, but it is not in a movie for the whole movie. The plot isn't developed until later in the film, but that story develops from a young boy to a young man struggling with life in an uncertain future.  I saw this movie as a teenager back in the seventies. It is the film I watched least frequently in my life. I did not believe this to be an atrocity. It was just "really boring". But this is just one of many examples of bad movies with actors who are either completely incompetent and who were the main focus of the film. This film is not worth one penny of the three dollars I paid to see it in. It has the worst script I've ever seen in my entire life. The worst of the characters are all the same, but this does nothing to help a filmmaker get a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was very poor, but the movie was not as well made as "The Devil In The Devil". But it just was badly done. But, it's the worst of it's just not as good either.    That was really stupid. But the film wasn't going to be great, it was going to get worse, but that doesn't mean the entire film wasn. You only get to care about what happened and you're not going to care. It really does.  The film didn't have any redeeming qualities in it's "Boring". But the rest of the movie felt like "The Grudge 2: The Sacrifice". There were no great acting or even a plot. You just had the characters all do their jobs.  For those who like to waste your time, "The Dune Bug" should be an excellent choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that was the worst thing I've ever seen in my life, but it is absolutely terrible. This movie is a horrible piece of garbage from-the-ground-up propaganda for the American government and the Israeli government. I don't know what happened to him.  A real disappointment in this movie is the lack of pretense. He starts out with an offer to the US to help in the fight against the Palestinian terrorists. It was only that it took the US two weeks to decide if the Israelis should be in control of the city. The terrorists then, after being caught, have their hands cuffed. The two governments have to agree to a ceasefire. This is just a piece of propaganda designed to scare Americans into voting for the US. It is an example of how bad things can happen to Israel and the US when you put the two together. It's not for a terrorist attack, it's for Israel and Americans not to get along. If you want to be frightened and to not get along, this film is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like watching two-dimensional people on a computer screen you will enjoy watching this one. It. It is a pity to see this one, I cannot say that I would take the time to watch it.  I really can't believe the people who said this movie was boring at all.  This movie is terrible and unnecessary to see. It will not be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie is the most interesting part of the film.  The other half is made up mostly of some of the worst movies I've ever seen. This isn't the worst film I've seen. It's just a b-movie that people should avoid at all costs. This movie will most likely have no bearing on the movie or film in any way.  This is the kind of thing that will make you hate your parents too much. If you've read this review, you will probably hate yourself just a bit too much! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film, and I felt cheated when I saw it was a bad film made about how horrible women would end up getting their husbands. I laughed at the idea of seeing the cast as some sort of porn star. I felt a bit disappointed that this was really a "film of the worst." And I feel that way about it. I think I'm over analyzing the film to the point where I can start comparing it to other films I have ever seen before. I know that a lot of people have no idea how it really is, but it is truly a terrible piece of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I had hoped I would never see. However, this film's portrayal of alcoholism is a mess. And this film is a complete mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not going to say there's a lot of good acting at all. But a few words will describe the overall story without giving the characters enough time. That's just the problem, because I can see the characters in their natural habitat and I can only assume there's an end in sight.  There's one movie you may like in the list and it's just not the one you thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was in my opinion the worst movie I have ever seen. I have only ever seen two movies I have EVER seen that were made in such a bad way. One of these movies, "Cannonball Run", is one of the worst movies I've ever seen... even the people who are so incredibly awful because they hate Americans are even worse. It doesn't get any worse. If anything, it does better.  The worst thing I can say about this movie is that if it was an accident, someone who knew that movie had a better chance of survival. And no, "someone who knows it" is not a terrorist, it's a group of teenagers who like American baseball...  In conclusion, I have to say that this movie made American baseball seem so much more than just American baseball. They even made American basketball a sport, but they weren't fans.  I had to change the channel if I was at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have probably already guessed the premise of the film. In fact it's about an American family that has moved to a new city. When their kids are young they have the opportunity to have fun and not have much responsibility for each other. And when their parents and siblings are getting older they have to decide what's in the best interest of the group. In the meantime the group decides to build the "big house" where everyone is living. In short this is a group living in a "big" city where everyone has a lot more freedom than they have in the rest of the United States. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the heck is this movie? The writer and director are both dead. There's so much going on in this movie - including scenes where the story breaks through walls, and some that don't exist.  A couple of these guys are playing a joke on each other, and all of them go around getting drunk, hitting each other and trying to kill each other. One of the main characters in the movie is the guy who's pretending to be a "professional killer". He goes around killing people in various parts of the movie, including on a train. He kills one guy for real, which is only possible because the train goes through some part of the station. He starts firing into the train to try and get someones attention, and starts talking to his brother, his friend and his cousin, who he's talking to in the car as the train is moving.  I really hope people at work here don't do it anymore. But after the movie ends, people are pretty far gone, so I went to the bathroom, and looked at the guy in the toilet, and he's just standing in the mirror.  The worst I could imagine - but they get worse. I'm not going to waste my time, but the guy sitting in the bathroom is very annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only problem with this movie is that it was made in 1992. I give this two out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can forgive bad acting, bad script, and the dialogue.  The first two films in this trilogy were both a lot worse version of the movie I've seen hundreds of times, but not enough. The dialogue has also been poorly produced, and this movie feels like a ripoff of "RENT" or "The Blair Witch Project". But the story has been completely forgotten.  If you're a fan of horror movies, you'll love this one. It may make you angry, but it will make you want to scream. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But don't get me wrong...  This was the sort of film for children to enjoy. But what is this supposed to be? It's a total waste of time.  And why was this a waste of a waste? The story is weak in the face of a man in a gorilla suit, but it is not a waste. But as soon as the man climbs a tree, it is, in fact, a waste!  What makes this a better waste of 3 hours and 40 minutes? This was not made of garbage. But it was a waste to sit through and waste of all my time.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny and I'm not sure why the director should be doing a sequel to this movie because he missed this one. It It is extremely un-funny or, dare I say, a comedy masterpiece, a satire, a drama. I think this movie would be funny, but not at all. If you liked this movie, then you will also like the other movies I have seen that year. But unfortunately, the only reason why you would like this movie and would not like to watch the other film I have just watched is because it made no sense and I was bored. But even if you are bored at all of these movies and enjoy any of them, you will not get to like this film or have a funny movie. The actors who played these people were all of the same age and very talented, but there was not much chemistry and laughs or plot, it just seemed boring, but you knew your life was going to get better and more exciting. It was a shame to see an adult and a teenager in their early 20's and to see the director have a career in the arts. The rest of the movie was pretty boring.   It's not like this is some kind of comedy movie. It's just boring and bad. It made me angry, but what's the point? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is really an annoying film. It's not funny or something. It wasn't funny. It was just annoying. It is so annoying that you really hate it with everything you have.  This could be a big B-Movie. It could be on par with, or even better than, The Last Mimzy Movie of The Last of Us, except for the fact that there were two guys named Kevin and Scott in the film. They were both the only reason this film was released, but that could have been enough to make this film a big, B-Movies. You want a big big movie? Go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this movie over and over and thought it was so painful and depressing. The problem is that when it comes out on DVD and they play it, they will laugh hysterically at a video of this movie. But the problem is: "Why was the wife having such a good time? It just isn't supposed to be enjoyable anymore, but only because the husband is having a good weekend." The idea that The Wife has just arrived from a trip to Europe that ends up in a horrible coma: it is a very slow film in which the husband realizes he is in for a ride, but his wife is having such an awful weekend. But it is painful and I have the feeling that most of them are going to start laughing. And after the weekend, when they take the kids, they are going straight to hell.  The plot and direction are completely retarded, but the humor is far worse than the plot and bad acting.   The production values are ridiculous. the acting is poor. they are a bunch of hacks and moochers. I'm not going to waste your time and go find out why the wife isn't in the hospital. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way it's done is awful (like a bunch of drugged out of hospital) or not. There's really nothing here. The film starts out with several people being put in an institution to help them with their psychological problems. The main character is Dr. David Muir, who is a psychologist who is supposed to work on this case. I really can't figure out what the problem with this is, but I can see why he'd say "there's nothing here," but I don't know why the psychiatrist would say "nothing here" as a statement of fact.  That's my point. I can't say it. And I can say what I want to say. I could have easily said "nothing happens to this person, but he says nothing happens to him. He's completely wrong. He gets out of the institution on the other side. He doesn't say anything is happening to him or her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to see how the plot, characters, locations, and events evolved. But the story is just the basis of what these movies are meant to be. The music and acting are not.  The movie is so poorly made it's like watching a sitcom.  There's also a lot of nudity and a lot more music. There's really not enough to go back to "Hole In The Ocean" and "Holes" - but if this movie was just "The Family Stone" we'd have an episode where a woman decides to make a baby - and it's not for the reason of a plot - we had the premise that a bunch of guys try to get together and form a family.  Unfortunately the movie is like "Honey" where there's so many actors in the whole movie that they can hardly say "we're not going to have a family".  The problem is that when they did try to form a group of friends they just made them all look like little kids that we all know they're actually little kids. But when it was just for a buncha people that was a huge embarrassment. But there were so many people in this movie that it was embarrassing. It's a shame this movie gets so much attention - but it was so much of a waste of time. There were scenes where the main character looked like a little kid and the girl looked like an "it's so cute".   My Grade: F  The rating: M 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film a couple of years ago on a German TV documentary. But, it is, without a doubt, one of the worst movie I've ever seen.  The acting is so bad, but this is the film that has made me think twice before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's because the acting is poor and this movie was filmed in the woods. They're not a bad one. But it doesn't make any sense.  The plot is boring, but not in the movie, but in the plot.   The story itself is lame because the story is dull and the characters are dull. And yet, the story itself could have been better. You know the drill. The characters aren't interesting.  But there's one point. The story is slow and the acting has a weak script, but it's a movie about the "bad movie." A comedy which is, I think, could have done more.  If you've read this book, you will enjoy it more. I think you will hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of this show, it's a pity I don't see it on TV. I couldn't believe that one of the biggest losers of TV comedy had anything to say, but I can tell you right now that the guy who wrote it was completely in his element. I can guarantee you that he did not give the series a chance of life and that we will have our next installment in the next few years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed about this film, I found it strange. The plot line of the movie seems to work (though I've never understood it at all). I was looking for something to fill the whole thing with.  A good start for a film, and a movie which really just doesn't work. It's like when the writer tries to work on a film and it doesn't help. But it's no masterpiece, and it's only a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of the movie and want to rent this DVD to see this film, be sure to do yourself a favor. If you are a fan of this film at all you have to admit that the plot was probably the weakest point of the film.  The DVD has some more positives to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is based on a script that is at least loosely based on the original text. Itself is not as bad, but the acting is worse by a long shot. This film suffers for poor character and the original script has been reworked. But that is not the point. This is a bad film, but not in a good way. A lot of the scenes are very uninteresting and the rest of the film is very average for what the film has to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I was a total big fan of the original "Kung Fu". But I don't think "Kukulkan" had the right to start. But "Kundalini" had. It had some decent fight sequences with some really good martial art that I just haven't been able to enjoy yet. The only movie that I really liked was "The Hero" from "The Way of the Dragon". But all in all this movie is a waste of time. And if you can see "The King" in a "Dragon Fighter" movie, then it's a waste to see.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie several times. I was very surprised that the story wasn't as funny. But, that's what happened on the screen. If you were an avid movie viewer then this movie wasn't too bad atypical, but was way too boring.  I've never laughed so hard for a movie before I sat down and watched the whole thing over a hundred times.  And, I just sat through the whole movie on a whim. The movie didn't work. It just didn't. And, the only movie that I thought was funny is a joke that was both unfunny and way too long. I really was amazed that such a poor movie would get me through the day. But in my opinion, this movie was a joke from the very beginning. It's the first movie I've seen in a long time that I can honestly say I don't think anyone in a movie theatre could ever have produced.  The characters were all very average people, but their jokes were terrible and the characters were really uninteresting, but they all seemed to be at least 2 people. They were really annoying. It wasn't bad.  All in all, you will find yourself laughing hard. But this movie is bad and unoriginal. And you won't hate a joke, but you will hate when you're laughing at other people's jokes or the movie is a total joke or even just a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak, but the movie was terrible, but it was so unfunny. It was Only a Terrible, but It Wasn't Great, but Bad, but Terrible.  But the movie itself is a horrible, boring movie, though the story itself is so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those few movies I can say i've seen in my life, but i haven't seen it all.  The idea of making this a "B" movie I found ridiculous and thought it could have been an adult movie. The script is as weak and the movie's story as boring as a bore. The worst that i can say about this is: this is so slow.  the characters are bad and stupid. the movie is not in the least bit dull in any way. this is the only thing you can say you have seen.  this movie is just a big load of b-movie-time. It has no concept. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I saw it as though it were some kind of disaster movie. I guess that's the movie I saw in the movie in my last semester of college, but then I was a sophomore myself, and it was a waste of time. I'd like to see this movie again. This movie was about to destroy the world. It's just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this movie is one of the worst films I have ever seen, but the script, characters, locations and plot are some of the most unbelievable parts of the movie.  I'm gonna be honest, when this movie was released in 1979 (I'm 19 years old), it was a complete disaster.   I know there are several other films I would recommend to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew this movie didn't do anything for me, and I know this movie is a big joke in its own right.  I think that's the only thing this movie had in common with "The Incredibly Short Movie about a Zombie", but that's not the case either. "Barry Lyndon" is, of course, one of the silliest movies I've ever seen in my life, but there were too many of them.  This movie had me laughing hysterically, and my expectations were low. I mean, this movie sucks.  The plot is so weak and stupid it's really funny. It was a lot like watching a bad sitcom and then realizing that I was supposed to be an idiot and that I knew I was going to die at some point.  But it was a waste of time, because this movie was made on a lot of money to promote a low budget movie.  It was, in my opinion, a waste! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was, unfortunately, a disaster. It was not in fact.  All of the characters were very likable. They were all well drawn (or at least, not terribly boring), but at times, it's just boring. That's it. The only thing that really bothered me was the acting, but they were annoying, and I actually had to write lines like that to make it through the film. The whole film, it made me want to stop reading, because it had some sort of purpose, and had the potential to make me think twice about my decisions.  If you get a chance to watch this, and you are only going to waste your time on this for a couple hours, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story has been told of a couple who have lived on their honeymoon on the deserted island. The wife and husband are separated and their families are scattered to different places. The husband's cousin is the most unfortunate one. The director of "Crouching Tiger" did the same, but only for his own amusement. This was a very bad movie when compared to "Criminally Insane". The whole movie was pretty much bad. And the plot was stupid, but this was the worst.  I am a huge fan of this movie because it was a complete waste of time. It's not a waste of money. The characters were mostly likable, but the movie itself could have been worse, but what about the director? The casting was weak, but no other characters were. A lot of the actors looked like they were from "Animal House". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only person I found to be a complete joke is the person who wrote this piece and then made a film.  This is so awful.  I do hope they're making a bigger "Scary Movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a theory that this film is "truly awful" (I am a HUGE fan of The Exorcist and The Grudge).   In case you want to read more on this movie, I think you'll enjoy this movie because it is "really bad".  This movie is really a bore, but at the same time it is the worst bore possible. However, this bore would have to be one of the worst.  The Grudges, the Grudger-I, the "Grudger" would have put this movie in a category of its own.   I would love to hear this story told by an Italian filmmaker. I can think of a few films I've seen in the past few years that I wouldn't recommend to anyone who has no patience. I don't think there will ever be a "real" Italian horror movie. I recommend it to people who want to learn something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is titled "Shake Your Money", but it is a big bad movie that they should have known better.  The bad guy is really getting a free ride on a bus and he gets into a fight with a guy who is also on the bus.  Then a bus full of people that is just stuck on the street just runs in front of the guy. It looks like a movie that would be filmed in a day and just filmed a day.  But it is an hour long movie. But it's really bad because the actors have bad acting and the film is full of bad shots, even the cinematography is terrible and I can only imagine what they must have been thinking.   The actors are terrible and the acting is bad. Then the film starts playing itself. It just keeps playing.  There are times when a guy is just walking on a red light and the scene is supposed to be really, really boring. The worst parts of the movie are the guys that are walking through the door.  I really like this film because the people who made it think that the guy just did something stupid or that he is a complete dumb idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie was supposed to be about a group of men whose lives were on the brink of unraveling. The group of three (Barry White, Tony Randall, Ben Chaplin) had been together for over a quarter of a century.  The movie's theme of "time" is totally bizarre. The movie is filled with characters who think time is a concept that the writer has invented.  What the hell. Why would anyone waste their time on this garbage...  The story is one that is rarely told, but the characters are so wooden and clichéd, that you end up with a headache. It's the sort of movie that one has never heard of in a year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movie I have ever seen and it's been released on video in 1999.   Unfortunately, the script is the worst problem I have. It's been repeated several times in the last several years. The script is one of the few things that was obviously "broken" and the only thing I've noticed about the script was a lot of dialogue that was so stupid. The worst problem with this film is a lack of action. In this case, the lack of character development was simply terrible. I thought they were writing poorly written movies and that, if you don't like it then you're a moron. In other words, it was completely out of hand. The plot is weak as hell, but then you'd have to ask me, who's there for the story?  My Grade: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's too long for a movie...   The acting was poor, the story was boring, and the soundtrack was horrible.  The plot was terrible and this movie was boring.  It it to make it worse.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, script, story and cinematography of this movie were amateurish. The actors were amateur. The character of the man in the shop and his friend in the car were amateurishly amateurish and not the kind of amateurish that leads one to believe that they are at best amateur and amateur at all. The characters were amateur, which I don't understand.  The main character in this movie wasn't an actual actor, but a fictional character. This movie was amateurish because it fails in trying to be, if I were to think, for example, how can we conclude that this man was a professional at all of the things he was doing, that he knew better than his friends, that this was an amateurish movie and that he made his choices and decisions without thinking? If this guy knew better, he would be able to tell you. But we've seen it before, but we don't know why.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not told in great detail; nor do the actors ever act intelligently (it's an art film for the visual arts). But the music, the dance routines, the acting, the camera movements are all pretty bad... because they were filmed in such "low budget" settings, but the story is so poorly told that it's all the more of a choreographed mess, and the costumes are, for lack of a better term, "flouncy".  So if you're a fan of hip hop, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes that this movie would be better than the original. I was very disappointed and didn't know where this movie was going to go next. The movie that is a few scenes like this were not great (but it's one of those movies where you expect the plot to be great, but you still expect a great film - a film where you expected to see the story behind the story - the movie was just trying to show you the mistakes that you would encounter throughout the movie. It's so predictable, but then it's just annoying to see something new.  The movie itself is very boring and repetitive. The acting is bad - I almost wish the writer/director could write anything else than a script that people could see. This is not. The story - that is all there is, but the actors were OK, but were there really no new mistakes made in the movie and the characters weren't developed - the people who hated the script didn't, but I am more impressed by a film that had a script and characters that didn't seem like the people they were. But even when you get to know what's wrong with this movie, I can't say this movie made any sense.   It didn't have any of the original movie problems that we are so accustomed to seeing in a movie. And if you didn't like the movie, you hated it because the movie isn't even worth it - the writer and director did a great job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie has been named "Top 10 Movies of 2007". That is a great list of bad movies. The movie is about how a group of people who decide to have sex with the same woman. She is in fact a virgin. This movie is really a waste of time, but when you see this movie I really think you should go see it if you are really bored.  The worst movie ever is "The Girl Who Kicked the Football". The actors are mostly bad looking as usual with the only redeeming actor being one girl in it that has a very bad and annoying hairstyle. The film is very predictable. The girl on the soccer field looks like a little schoolgirl who has to change her clothes after a game where she scores 1 point or goal in the shootout. The story is predictable.   The story itself is very boring. But the characters are so unlikable that you can't even believe a man who has sex with his girlfriend at school, gets pregnant and has to take an abortion. I'm a huge fan of The Girl Who Played God and the characters in The Girl In The Pool look like they were from a soap opera. I know many people have said that this movie is too long to have a plot. In this movie the main character, Anna (a virgin) looks like she's 16 years old. The writing is dull and predictable and this movie has many things that have nothing to do with real life. I think it would have been more entertaining to show some real characters, even if they weren't boring.  I guess it's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a movie that's going to be released on VHS, this is it. I've also seen this movie since i was 4-8 years old. the story line starts and it a mess of holes. not. i can't understand this movie that is only for children 4-16 years old that i've heard. I think that everyone should see this movie. i'm sorry, this movie is so boring. you cant make it a better movie. not even for my 3-year-old son and me.  if you want a movie to have been made about the worst movie ever made, give this a spin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, most of the other parts of the story are poorly constructed. It. It seems a lot more often than the other actors in the film. The story, which was so often developed as a sort of narrative, would have worked well for this project, but it is a big waste of time and there are some decent actors. However, this film has its flaws and a bad script which makes the whole film a bit dull and annoying and pretentious. A big problem in this film is that it was a very low budget (which has never been well-done, but is no longer a problem for me). The characters are very flat and unfeeling; it has no script whatsoever. I would say that this film was too soft in terms of character development (for a film made in 1922 or before) and has no plot whatsoever. The only good thing about this film would be that the characters are written as very unrealistic and unlikable; but I have nothing against any of these actors and nothing against the characters that played the main roles. This is a really bad film that could have been made into a series. If you like to waste your time and waste your money watching this kind of movie, there is little point in buying this or buying the other two films of the same name.  The story is extremely flat, which makes it much worse to the point of being dull. The director, in the original script, says something like: the main character "stumbled upon a group of bumbling salespeople who were so unbelievably slow to realize that they were going to be put out of business". The acting is flat and unconvincing; but the overall tone and direction make this movie feel uninspired. It just wasn't really that bad in the slightest.  All in all, this is a pile of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first comment that this film is terrible, but in the end the real movie is worse. This film is probably one of those movies that are terrible if a person in a coma dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "B" - "D"  The only good film you can find is "A-1" (1978).  "D", however, is only available on video (although most probably I won't even notice it), but even in the old days you would have been hard pressed to find any copy of it, but this was just a major disappointment, but it's not exactly a very good film.  "A" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director's previous two movies, "Death Wish" and "Blood Sports: The Deadly Game", did not fare well. This movie has its share of bad acting, although the plot seems to have improved greatly.  I watched this movie several times. And this is not a movie made out of necessity, but a poorly written movie, if not a comedy film. The problem is this: what happened to the poor man, his wife and his son? What about his wife? He didn't even notice it, but the audience saw them. However the characters were made the same way, but what makes this movie a comedy, and what made this movie what it is? What was the main problem with this movie?  The script was weak, yet the script was terrible and predictable in most of the movies, but there's only a certain amount that makes this comedy so bad, and the movie has a lot of "b-scares", not so much that the humor is supposed to be funny, but some very poor character dialog that makes the movie not funny either. I thought the main issue with this was poor script, but this movie doesn't have any.   "Blood Games: Blood Sports" - a comedy about a blood sport - is so poorly made, but it's not bad. But the story was bad, but I guess the problem is that it's bad, or if it were made out for a family and if the characters are like normal people, but at least there's more than one character in this movie that falls down stairs on a chair and laughs, but none of them are funny, except the main character, but he really isn't funny.  Unfortunately, I didn't realize the main characters weren't supposed to fall down a few times. They weren't like the main guy and his two friends. I've watched this film dozens of times and I just didn't think the movie was funny and the only reason people should be watching it is to see a film that made no sense. And, yes, the character wasn't supposed make any sense and the humor was supposed to improve and make sense. The characters were not stupid, but had one problem after another, but, if you want to laugh at some point in the movie, this comedy is terrible and this is, but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this movie is a lot less plausible than the story of any other movie in history.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a middle age man who finds a group of girls in his life who is pregnant. I'm very confused as to whether I can believe in God. And I love the idea of someone who is in middle age who is not pregnant. And by the way the movie is filmed the actors are supposed to act like babies. That could be a little weird.  The movie is supposed to be "the kind of movie where you get to care for a little kid". It is about the child who is conceived during the pregnancy of a woman in middle ages who is expecting. And the pregnant woman is supposed not to care about the mother who is already pregnant because she already knew that it would happen.  But this movie is so unbelievably idiotic it hurts my eyes, my ears, my brain.  I am not saying that it is. There is nothing good in this movie, nothing good. But they just got to be really dumb and the movie makers should be ashamed. And if you want to see a movie with more brain I suggest you rent this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was so-so-bad. They tried to get me to give my 1 star rating. So I gave it 1 star. But this movie got off on the wrong. I think that the director made a mistake in trying to turn this into a horror film. It was so bad, it didn't work. And the script was so awful, it was a terrible movie that I wanted to take a shower and brush my teeth.  This movie had a horrible twist: the only people who can stop me are the police and I'm pretty sure that the police will not even bother, but instead, the horror-movie-makers will try to scare the people with no reason. But I don't know what they were trying to be. In fact, there was a little gore and murder. It wasn't a very good horror-film and I can imagine that they were. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is based on a real-life case that the police officer finds a man with no motive in life is kidnapped and held against his will in a remote Indian town. But his plan is to go back to the village to rescue him before a mob of villagers arrives to assist the policeman. The acting is awful to say the least. This movie doesn't really work because it has a bunch of plot to spare, but the script is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was under the impression that "Troll" was an animated movie. I felt a lot better when I was in the right place and knew what was going on in there. When I wasn't, I knew exactly what was happening. So why bother to tell me how things are going to end. You already know where things are headed.   The animation is terrible and horrible, and it's a waste of time.  I've seen this movie on late night cable in my city and it just feels like torture, like the film didn't get any better at it. I feel as if I have been there.  The worst I can say about it is "I didn't." I know exactly what is happening and I know that the story will follow, though there are few details, so I can see a lot of the movie, which I can't believe I wasted my time watching it.  When I watched this movie I started to understand how terrible things are to the characters, but I didn't really like it. The actors played themselves, but the story seemed flat and the whole thing seemed to come down on the characters. The director must have been doing something wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 10 and I can't even believe it was actually as good as this movie is.  If you are a fan of the movie and it is still the worst thing to watch in my opinion.  And if you want to see a movie from the worst movie I have ever seen in my life I strongly recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original series is pretty bad. The whole thing just needs to be updated as it's a good example of why people don't really like it.  This could be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's one of those movies that makes it really hard to believe. You just can't believe. It was not a bad film, but it is one of very few things out there that have gone on to be awful. I honestly expected the whole thing to be a bunch of jokes that we have no control over. I can easily see how people can take these movies literally as a parody of the original series. If it was my worst worst nightmare, I was expecting this to be one bad and bad. If you want to see something else, don't let your expectations of reality hold you back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain bad, not. It's the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know the saying: "But when it's your birthday and you want to give it to your parents and get money." What you didn't know is that it is supposed to be my birthday present.  So if I give my parents money I get $10 from them if I want to get money. The present I get is $10 in cash and then $1,000 worth of $10,000 of the $10 I got from my parents was for my birthday. But if I don't give my mother the money then I get nothing because she has it. It was my birthday and I gave my parents $10 to get $1 in cash. I got nothing from my mom for my first birthday. Then when she told me to get something for my second birthday instead of $1 for my 2nd birthday I gave her $10. $1 and $10 are the same as $1/2 = 1. When my mother says "Thank you" I only get to say "Thank You." I gave them both money to get the money back from my dad then got nothing when my mom gave them their money back. It is supposed that this is what happened because my mom didn't want to buy $5 of "Lem's Angels", but I don`t get any of that, but if I didn't have any money then you can only get the movie for $1. However if I just gave my mom their money then nothing happened and they gave my mother their money too then there is nothing to buy. My mom says "My husband is a thief and he doesn't want us to get it. We should have gotten it and the thieves in my parents home couldn`t have gotten away with it. I`m sorry for you guys.  I gave the movie a 3 out of 10. I don´t know if the movie is in the movie then and the movie doesn`t cost money, but the movie cost money. They just want to go and steal it and then they want the $1 from me and the thief in my home would have gotten the $5 back and then the thieves could have gotten theirs.  My husband has been trying to get my money back since he left. I should have known this is just supposed to happen.  They got the money that was stolen from me in the end. When he gave me the money from the thieves I didn`t know that it had been stolen from my husband. But when
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that the film should look at...but it is a complete waste of time and money. The production values are too low when watching this movie. The movie itself isn't too good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have a problem with this film, please tell me I'm wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first trailer of this film comes out on DVD, and it's about to be released on VHS (and even DVD as a rental item) after the original DVD was re-released. It was not just bad. The trailer for this film is in fact one of the worst of many trailers for bad movies I have ever seen.  The only real problem I have with the trailer is how badly the film could be made. It's a waste of a film! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie and I got the impression it was made with some amount of imagination, so I did watch it anyway, but stopped when it got boring. It.  But since I was not a fan of the movie and am not a supporter of this movie, then I have no idea how people thought it was a comedy. But since the movie is so poor to poor it is funny, so if you're not a huge fan of it, then it's a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love to hear about how people thought the movie was a very good idea - because the movie made people think they're idiots. This movie shows the movie in a very poor light, which I think would appeal to people who hate comedy. The acting is awful - the characters are very wooden. The dialogue is terrible - the actors are wooden. It's not even funny.  The only bad scenes are when someone is having a really bad dream and then when the dreamer wakes up.  But when the movie ends, this is a really crappy movie. I don't know who the dream was for. It was a great idea.   The writing was very poor - I didn't know what was going on. The writing is the worst thing about this movie.  And the ending was very weak. But it was hard to get a laugh.  This movie is just way too big - very heavy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad that the writers of this film don't know where the author of the original novel was, but the actors of the novel didn't know that. I found it was not all that bad. The book and the novel have a couple things in common. I'll be honest. I wasn't paying attention at all. I mean the book was bad at times, but if you want to read the original, you'll learn a lot more about how to make a movie. And don't even think about watching this with the intention of learning something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that it would be an interesting film, but the script is the best part of it. I knew, but had a hard time believing it was really going to be a great film. I was pleasantly surprised by the idea of a movie that has no story and tries to be original in the end. I thought the writing was bad, but I had a holler. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is predictable, and they try to tell the story. But it's only about the kids trying to save the day. It is only about a family whose lives are at risk, but it's about a single mom, not a dad, but a single mum. The idea is that a single mother can have it all, and everyone else should do it. What would a single dad do if he had to choose between the two options?  In this case, it is a single father, with a single, unemployed son who is also single, working full time, and single, single, and unemployed wife and a single girlfriend who can stay at home. It's about family lives in crisis, and it's supposed to be a family with two separate lives, and a family in crisis of their own lives.  This is the sort of story where everyone is out of work. In fact, it's all about a dysfunctional, dysfunctional family whose members cannot even have a life of their very own, but one dad who's got to work, and one mum who's not. But the main problem here is one of character, not plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why the reviews here were so bad. The problem is that the movie is a collection of short films that contains the same story and the same plot line, while the actors are different from the others, though the actors may look and sound the same to an average person.  The other problem I have with this movie is the production value, but this is by far the worst of the bunch. This is a prime example of the movie that has nothing to do with the story. The cast and the sets are terrible, but the script, acting, editing, lighting, costumes are a disappointment. The cinematography is poor, but nothing is good. The actors and the cinematography are the most impressive of the story line in my book, though that doesn't make it so, and the story lines of the stories aren't terribly long, since they are long, the script is poorly written, the story is predictable, the jokes predictable, but everything else is bad in some movie.   The only thing that really comes close to a great movie that I've ever seen was in The Secret World (and the plot is very badly written), which is another waste of a B-movie. The writing is terrible and the writing in the Secret World movie is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. If you are a fan of B-movies, you won't be able to appreciate this movie, but if you don't, you will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It doesn't seem like a lot. A movie about a girl getting into a girl's room with no one else there is so incredibly bad. A girl's friend, her cousin and her teacher go to her room and find out that she's having fun with an old woman's neighbor. The teacher leaves to go look for a place to spend her time in. She also finds out that the teacher is actually an old lady that lives with her cousin. She starts to do stupid stuff and takes a bath.  The movie does get rather tedious. They try to make it seem as though the teacher's friend is her lover. It's really annoying, but the movie only lasts for 90 minutes and the characters do their thing and go off to their separate places.  I would give it a 1 if I could say that the film is worth watching and that the character development was worth listening to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young girl dies in a mysterious forest, a man and a woman meet in the middle of the night and are attacked by monsters. The man flees while his pregnant wife, unaware, leaves for the village. The monsters attack the man and woman. The woman, unaware of her unborn child, falls into a coma. The child's father rushes the mother and son to the hospital.  The father leaves for a trip to Europe, taking the family and the child with him. The father, unaware that he has a child, goes to the village for help.  But the father, with his child and the two young men, know what he's going to do next. The girl's father and son, knowing what he has to do, know that the father had killed the two men in the woods.  When the two older men find out about the mother, the older man kills the two younger men, knowing his plan. The two men, unaware how the older men knew their plans.  One of the older women, unaware what the other was going to happen next, is attacked by a young man and her father dies. The boy is with the elder man, but unaware that the two people knew the other plan, knowing that the boy had a wife, knew that the girl had an unborn child and had killed her father, knowing her plan and that the baby had to be buried in the man's chest, knowing the man had a new partner.  So, the girl has to decide, without being told what she's going next. Her two older brothers are going to be together forever, but the baby is an infant, but they don't really know what is going to become of them, but he never told them, because he couldn't do that. The men, having known what was going next, leave for Europe. In the end, the mother is attacked, but only when they find out what the elder brother has to go back for his wife and son. They don't know what the girl was going, because they don`t know what happened and what was happening.  I am sorry to say that my wife and I knew what the father was going back for. When the husband had told me what happened, he said that he couldn`t take the woman back, but I told him that he can`t do that because he has no plan, but it`s not told to me, but, but not to the woman. We`
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is filled with plot, and its plot is weak and pathetic. It's not a film about a kid's mind, but a movie about "kids mind". It is about the "kids minds", and its about "the mind".  If you're a kid and you don't know a thing you're probably a kid yourself. It is a shame of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In short. This was the worst film I've ever seen.  The plot has to be at least as funny and fun to watch. But this could have been better made, and it could have made more sense, not less, and this film could have worked with the characters of the characters in this. This could have won two awards, and there are some scenes that made me laugh out loud and that I am sure you will not like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says "A new movie for the first time in my life." I saw this film about 15 years ago on a tour of London to a cinema. I'm surprised I can even remember it's been almost half a century since I can remember it. The problem with this is it is a documentary about a family of British Jews who has to escape to Israel. The film is painful for anyone who ever has been in the company of a group of people who are supposed to be a good family to the Jews in the world. The people are not in the film at all times and are not allowed to act until they have left.  The film ends with a shocking scene where a woman dies and her husband comes back to her, to have her buried and to have a Jewish burial of their own. She and her father and brother and sister go through an agonizing night together in a tiny Israel settlement. It's the kind of scene where you can see tears welling up and the children are walking through the house of their dying fathers and grandfather who are in the way.   The acting is atrocious and the cinematography is terrible. The soundtrack is horrible and the acting is painful and the music terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (a good movie) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the story goes, the characters get caught in a crime, and the cops find evidence linking the bad guy and his partner to the crime. They arrest the bad guys and then decide they are going to be lucky in the end.  Unfortunately, the bad cop (Dennis Franz) goes on a date with his date's friend (Lisa, who is her friend's girlfriend). Lisa, who can only speak English, is surprised at the first two crimes the bad cops commit. Franz and Lisa are on a blind date at the end of the movie. The police arrive late the next night and Franz and Franz's date get into a car with Franz's friend Lisa driving it, but Franz says Lisa didn't seem to care. The movie itself is a boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film, however, is quite poor. If you want to see a film where everything was filmed on film, this was a prime choice in the past few years. And the actors were even a bit more convincing than the film.  The director, Peter Greenaway, has said he had planned to shoot in color in the next couple years. So we have a choice. The film was shot on both RED and BLUE-striped film stocks. But it was done without any sense of originality. But the production value of this film was low, especially given its two main actors.    If you were looking for something different and more thought-provoking, you can read the film review.  I give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had my doubts about this film when it came out on video in 1999. It was like an old B movie. I mean that is all. But this film is not bad at all.  The script, acting, and plot are atrocious.  This film may be one of the worst films ever made. A few parts were poor. There was no dialogue and no story lines to speak of. And the worst is yet to come.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot imagine how a first-year student who is taking some college courses in sociology and who, like most first-years at my school, is bored, and it. What if the professor has some free time on his hands, like, say, one day he is bored and the course he is taking is going to start for the next semester? What if he has money, like a lot of students do? He would be bored and wouldn't pay attention. His professor would be forced to teach a class that he couldn't think of. The first-class project would be the worst thing that I have ever seen, the last-class presentation was the worst. I couldn't wait to write a negative comment on this piece of crap.  There is one final scene that I cannot believe: "But what if this was not a film about the university: Why didn't the professor explain what was wrong with the university or the grade, and why didn't he tell the students that this was a bad film? That's my only guess why he didn't tell us the real reason why this film was a waste of time. I don't understand why this isn't a film for some middle-schoolers or the parents. They only understand the way in which our brains work. The film will ruin your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what was the real problem here? Who was the one that set it off.  I didn't like this guy to be a "horrible, I don't like it!"   I mean, if I had read this and found it was really like a kid's play book where the main character becomes a little person and learns "life". He learns the true meaning of life. But it took about 30 minutes before this became an average kid's story. You have to go through about half a page in this to be able to understand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that I noticed was a lack of decent acting - but I only noticed this because the movie had been released before it was awful. I can understand why it has been released so I didn't have to watch it. The movie is also very dull in the sense that it is very boring and boring. It's about a woman who is in love with a girl of his age, but the girl (who is in fact the real object of her affections) is a child. This movie is pretty boring, and it's a waste of time. I'll give it 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not about the movie. He's on a killing spree. But if the whole movie is shot, he ends up killing people in various ways and he even kills one of his own people. But in the end of the movie he starts to turn into a killer. But he kills people in different ways. He gets his sister and father killed by her. But at the end he kills the father by shooting him in the head with a crossbow. But then he kills his sister. But she doesn't have to kill her mother as she just kills her own sister and kills her father.   And when he kills himself he gets his daughter killed. He even kills himself again and kills his mother in the same way he did when he killed his sister for a third time. It's a very strange movie. The only bad movie that I could find was the scene where he shoots his own daughter.  But if you are looking for a movie with gore and nudity it's a lot better. But don't expect anything great. The movie itself is a mess and there's blood everywhere.  The movie is full of mistakes and inconsistencies. So be warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know about the worst movie I've ever seen, go see this. It's bad. It has a horrible, and I say "marmalade", as in a movie you have a problem. But, this movie was horrible to me. I'm not going to watch this movie to be like an idiot with a computer. If you read the previous review, you know what I'm talking about.   If it weren't for the bad script and stupid plot, I'd give this movie a 1/10. I wouldn't give this film a 1.5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a really awful comedy/horror movie, but the story is one of the reasons it's not the movie. I was expecting the movie to be like "My Bloody Valentine" but it's a film that focuses on a guy who is desperate to be married and wants his family to accept it. The plot is predictable. There is nothing particularly scary. The film, for what it's worth, is only the beginning of the misery. The acting is atrocious and the soundtrack is even better than it. I don't know why the film's poor storyline and the horror elements work. I do know I donned some pretty bad clothes and that it was probably a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   (but not at all)  (at least we should try and make a decent joke.)  (i think the jokes were funny.)   This one got a 3/10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review on IMDb, but I hated it. But the movie itself is way beyond me, but it's far from good. The music is great, but the movie is a real disappointment. This is also a great movie, but a lot of the jokes are very dull and not funny. But this movie is probably the worst thing in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the type of movie that has nothing to be ashamed of. It's so-so-bad that even the name of the movie was a joke. It doesn't even have a purpose anymore. It just hurts.  It hurts a little bit, but it only hurts. But at the end of the day, it's not the movie itself that has the purpose of hurting anyone.  The worst part of the whole movie is the scene where they decide to have sex. But then the movie gets so bad it hurts. So it hurts a lot, but the pain just hurts so bad that it's a joke, but you're not laughing. You're laughing until the whole thing dies off. The only purpose of the scene is to be completely pointless. It was the fact that the movie had a plot. But if you look at the actors, you know that if you go ahead and have sex with a girl, you won't really be doing anything. But that's only to be expected because it's supposed to. So please don't even bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is simple. It's not. It has its moments. It is boring. The script, acting, and directing are the worst, but it's a bad idea. The whole movie is a mess, and I have no idea how this movie was made. It probably was made in a week or two, but then it's too long.  The only reason I gave it a three. The writing is too short to have much room to work with. If I could have gotten past this, but the story is so boring that I didn't care. So I'm gonna give it three instead. It had a bad script, but so was I. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  This is one I've never seen for myself, but I know it's just so awful to me. It.   The plot of this movie is terrible, and the acting is poor and uninteresting, as if I was expecting such. It's really bad. The plot is flat out uninteresting as the plot is the main reason for the film.  It is really not. It is in itself. The story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this is that I am not a fan of the film. I was very surprised when i realized that there is an element that can be felt on every face and that it. When i saw the film, I realized that the camera moves only half of the time and the actors only move 1/3 of the way through. The actors never seem to be playing and there is a great opening sequence that sets the tone for the film in the least appropriate way. The movie had to overcome the fact that the characters could not really act or even think in the same way. I am surprised by the direction of the plot and the use of the acting to make the most of the story happen.  It is a shame that this movie was shot in 1978 and even if there were not many other actors in the film that were very good. It would have been a shame to have seen this movie before it was filmed in 2002. It's a shame as the actors were terrible and so were not all the other actors at the same time, but it is a disappointment as the main character, a very ordinary person (who was not in the wrong part of the movie) is not at all. The acting is amateurish, but the characters are so unlikable that the film is too flat, it's a disappointment. The bad writing and bad screenplay makes this film seem like a "B" film. It is not the worst of this film and that is because the script is really poor or badly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the film ended, there was a long break from the movie to the original, and it was a doddle! The original was the best, but it was just not even a dodle of the worst, but a lot of people would've been willing to have this film on DVD or whatever it was called.  This film had nothing to recommend it to the general public. It was awful in this regard, and not in the way that a lot people might've imagined.  My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that the main characters are so bad - and they just are, in a word-for-word manner - speaks volumes when dealing with this picture.   The dialogue is a major disappointment in this picture and the plot is predictable and a bit weak in the first one. The story is one of the biggest disappointments in the movie and it is only by chance that it manages to surprise the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a bad one. It is a really really bad movie. I thought this would turn into a movie about two guys that make really bad films... but then why not? It It... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is weak, but the characters are at times too stupid or overconfident. The movie is terrible.  The characters are so unlikable. The actors are so wooden.  I was kind of disappointed that this was really a typical disaster movie for the day, but this film was at a new low in my estimation. I'd like to be able to give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What are you gonna do?  The plot is simple and you can see a lot of story. But you have to know when you start watching, when you do, you wont get anywhere. The movie is the story of a man, who's life is just like a dream. But at the end when the man realizes, he realizes that his life was, in fact, a dream, but that it was a dream of something. But, what do we make of that? The man who created this dream, for once in his life he could, if he wanted to, create something in his dreams. His life was full of meaningless events, but he could do anything he wanted. But there was only one man who made it real. A man who could create anything he dreamed. He's dreaming.  But, the man, his dreams, his life and the movie is different from each other. In the movie the man is so obsessed and has nothing to live for, but his life is a dream and his dreams is so meaningless and he doesn't care for anything he creates in his sleep.   All of it...well, at least a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like "The Grudge" but that doesn't exactly explain the main problem here. The problem is that it is just another movie. The plot is weak and the characters are annoying. It is the only movie I have ever known that has a plot like this. It really is an insult to the idea that anyone who makes movies that is at least 90 minutes long could have a plot too. I think we should have all of the previous movies and the previous "The Case of The Scorpion" in there. I was going to start it in the middle of the last decade and I had no idea what to do next but the fact that it was made in 2000 and not 1988 or 1996 tells me that this isn't good or worthwhile. The idea that it could have been made in the first "Scorpion" film is a joke I had read in a book when I was younger and I actually gave this movie a 3. It also tells me something about how we are supposed to sympathize with people. This movie is really, really, so bad. The bad guy is bad. This is just about a guy who is a loser, but that also tells us a bit about the world and the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible.  I was so happy, but after watching this movie I am not happy.  In the beginning of the movie I was excited to watch the film with my own eyes and the story told by the actors. But they all seemed to have the same problem, but it never really felt like the first or second coming of a film. I was more concerned with the acting, but that's an awful film, but the problem is a whole different problem.  There are more movies about this film than any one of the films I've ever seen in my life. It's a bit on-the-nose and I have no problem with the filmmakers.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't see the movie this movie, I'm just going to take my money back. But I didn't see this movie either, because it looked like a bad, bad film. The movie was shot in black and white. It in such a way that it looked completely artificial and unnatural and unnecessary. It was extremely tedious. But the actors were the worst culprits. They made the film seem artificial and artificial. The script was poor, in which the writer/director tried to make himself feel like a writer. And there was nothing original. But what was the purpose of this film? The main thing I remember from this film was that the only way the writer could redeem himself was to make the movie look like it. I couldn't wait a minute or two, so I went to rent it. It cost me forty dollars.    All in all, I'd give this movie a two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what's a big deal? I mean, you're an actor, but you just can't find an actor to play yourself. But don't get me wrong, but i'm a huge fan of the script.  It is about as many different things as it can be in the world, but it doesn't come close to describing every event that has ever happened, but there are so many of them.   As i said, you can't get a movie to play for every single character, but when you're playing alone, it is one of those games that don't allow you to play a part for yourself. So you play as the girl who's running all over the place while you play against the baddie, but they aren't the same as you can play against a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film was awful.  The film is very poorly made, the plot is pretty dull and predictable, and the acting is weak.  Not to mention the script, though it is a total bore and not worth watching, but to simply show you how this movie is a complete waste of time and money and a terrible waste of celluloid. If you are looking for something else to waste your time with, here you go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is directed by James Foley, who plays a reporter (John Dunne) and finds out that the police in the small town where he works (and who also finds out he's had a girlfriend) are on to him (Dunne is in love with an African American reporter named Lisa Jones who is getting out of a mental institution and, she's pregnant again). The film starts out with Lisa Jones (DUNNE) going to Africa for a job interview. The film also has a few laughs when John Dunne (Foley) is on a picnic in Africa, but the story itself is so flat and the acting and script are poor.  There's a long-drawn chase sequence where a car full of reporters is heading down the road, John Dun Neef is in a car driving by and driving the police up to the scene of a burning house. The sound design is awful, there's some poor camera angles and one scene that takes you into the car while in Africa. The movie has not looked good and you really have to admire the actors and actresses that are in the film. But the film itself is a rather boring movie, but John Dunney and Lisa Jones do have an enjoyable one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has nothing at all, but it does not work as a film. It works as a way to say "It's not working" but the whole film has no real meaning. So the only reason you would want to waste your time on this film is to say it's not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But there was a major problem. The first time I saw this film I really thought it was a really funny movie. A total joke. But when I went back and viewed this film for myself it seemed pretty funny, and the story is pretty stupid. The plot is pretty weak. Not a joke in an hour. There were jokes that I found pretty hard to get a laugh out of, but the main problem I had with this film was that it really needed to get it. The comedy seemed forced, but there were so many other problems I could have written an entire novel with one joke.  But with this joke that is too forced, too much, too many, but only one joke at a time. The problem with "one joke" is when there is no joke at all.  It has problems. It has bad scripts and a bad acting. But I cannot see that it is really that bad. The jokes weren't even bad. But the plot seemed so weak and the premise is not even funny.  If you don't believe me. Go back and watch the rest of this film and the jokes, I promise it will make you smile, but don't say the movie was a joke, but think that it needed to be.  The actors had a chance to learn, and it had a good plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film I laughed a few times when the subject matter became too serious. I can imagine there was some kind of joke about how the director had a lot of money. However, the joke is over. You still laugh if you are in a "humorous" movie and you still try to act.  What I saw in "The Dead Girl" was way worse than this. It was the only film I have ever seen to be "humorless".  You have to like the film. I guess you would like to like to see this "humourless" film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie of all time, but it's way too long. The dialog is so bad, but the movie itself is not so long. This movie was made to get the money out of the fans, who are not able to act. I think that the writer tried to make us believe it was all-together a series of dreams, but in fact, the film is just an ordinary movie.   I am surprised how this film works at making the characters go insane. It's like they are really playing the game. But they are actually just playing the part.  It's a shame that this movie is so poorly made. The only other film I've seen it is "The Sound of Music". The soundtrack is so-so, but if you've read this before, I highly recommend it. I also highly recommend "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming feature of the movie is its very disappointing performances (with some terrible actors that had no character) and its plot. Its two main characters are both of them played by British actors. One of the main characters, Simon (also played by Christopher Lee), is a computer whiz kid who lives in a school for the disabled.  Its sadistic-evil demon (also Lee) is a British high school student who wants to be a football player. Simon and the computer whizz kid (both played by Lee) are both British high-schoolers who, to get rid of the computer, kill a homeless man. The whizzkid's mother is a former football player and, like Simon, is obsessed with football. I can guarantee that the film was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts very soon, but the director does everything he can to ensure the movie stays on the shelf. The result is predictable and predictable, but it's only the beginning of an utter disaster. What happens?  The plot - a catastrophe on earth is the result of a meteor strike and the entire planet - hell, the entire universe - is doomed.  The acting is wooden and there are moments of slapstick comedy. The characters are, as was the case with the rest of the movie, wooden. But the premise is a complete disaster, but there's a whole lot of time wasted discussing it.  As was the subject matter.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first installment of this movie (also the first one with Christopher Walken in a major role) features some of the actors who made their debut in "The Dead Zone". The movie is based on a true story and contains some of its strongest scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame this movie was never made available to US audiences on VHS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What if this was made in 1881? Where is the man who created this? I give this film a 1 and only one more...and that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people love this movie. I'm sorry if you saw this movie for what it's worth. This movie is just awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is terrible. I mean it is a very small joke, but it is about rape, incest, incest and prostitution. Its an attempt to reclaim this movie from the public.  The only reason this film is so bad or it is like an OK comedy comedy, and this one is like OK humor. Its also a bad attempt to show how bad, horrible, fake, and fake things are made.   This movie is absolutely terrible. Its just bad and pointless, boring, badly made and fake movies. I can give a much better synopsis, because I think it was written by a 14 year old (if I'm correct), but thats not saying it is. Its a bad film with a bad plot.  It is bad movies.  Its just a waste of time, but I'm not letting it waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie when I was eight, but I have to admit that I was a little disappointed, but they didn't make movies like this, but when a movie fails, it fails, but only on two occasions. I can't believe that there is any scientific rationale for this movie. The plot of the entire film is simply bad, and as the movie goes on I am left disappointed and wondering why this failure should have been made.  There is an interesting story in the process of making this film, but it is a movie like "Dawn of the Dead" is a bad film because it has a few scenes which don't make sense. The rest of the film is mostly boring, dull, bad, the characters are idiotic, the script is poor, and they all just want to have fun and go on killing sprees because they are bored.  I have seen movies like "Reverend Fred (1996) and "Scream 2" and "Troll 2" before this one because of their similarity to "Dennis the Terminator".  Avoid this one and skip "Tremors" and the first "Scarecrow". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big fan of this movie because it is so incredibly difficult to make sense. The acting is so bad, and the script is so unfunny. The actors are awful, and they are absolutely terrible. But these actors are so unfun in their attempt to make us laugh, and I mean they try to make you laugh without making it seem like they are trying to be as one of the actors, but they are so uninteresting, you would rather watch one of their videos.  My first reaction was a mixture of sadness, embarrassment, and disappointment that I had seen so many bad movies. They are the actors that I was ashamed to have ever cast, but this was so bad it made me angry and that made me hate the movie. The last thing I would like to say, but I think it was just a matter of time before I had to throw up and call my parents. I hate this movie for being such a poor movie, but it really just was too long.   If you are a fan of anything that involves children and young teens, I think you will hate this, but unfortunately that is probably not a good film, but you might hate it a little too. You will hate it because you know this is a poorly acted and extremely uninspiring film. It is only for people who think that children were supposed to act like they were actually babies, but the movie has nothing that I haven't seen before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I had seen all of this film and I can honestly say the following: If you had watched the entire film, you will realize that this is a disaster that could have been seen as a disaster, but I have to say, however it is, watch it and you will understand what the movie was trying to convey about life.  But I didn't like the film and the film failed in every way possible and the acting was worse than ever. The movie fails horribly in every aspect, but all in all it failed and we had to endure the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So many people have said it is a waste of time and it is indeed a waste. A waste of this was already not worth my time, but there was one thing I kept seeing in every film that I ever saw. It was terrible but it was one that I thought was just awful and one that was so bad that I decided to watch it. It wasn't terrible, but the idea of wasting two hours in a cinema with one-hour waits is not one I will remember in my entire life, and this was one of those movies that just didn't get a chance. I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't remember watching this film at all. This film is one that people don't get around to seeing because they are bored. It's terrible because people actually paid to go see this, but it wasn't. I give this an 'F' for the filmmakers that wrote the script and people that wrote this 'F'. This was a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I don't know why. I don`t even know why, exactly what the hell is the point? It it to try and impress me? The movie has a few funny moments - such as the guy telling a joke about a guy that is stuck in a tree, but there is some serious acting too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie many times. It was like a kid who watches a lot of MTV when he's seven. It's kinda awful much more obvious than that. Its sad that MTV is so bad when it comes to their own brand of garbage. The whole plot is predictable. It is just not so predictable.  It is very slow, as is the movie, and its horrible that MTV could really use a little help. Its just bad and depressing.  If this movie could be in the bottom of your list of the worst movies I've ever seen I would say so. I mean its just the worst I've seen in 15 years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so predictable. The story was predictable. I have no clue what could possibly be wrong in the first hour. The rest of the movie is tedious and predictable (I mean, really predictable) if the movie fails to be as predictable as the movie. I think that this movie failed because the story and characters are predictable. So the only problem with the movie and this movie are the people. I'm afraid I can't believe this movie.   So I was not sure what was going to happen. I know that the actors were uncharitable and unappealing. The people who wrote this movie weren't the same people who made the movie, but I don't know why they made the mistake.  The people were unfaithful, but that only adds to the frustration of the whole movie. The plot is, without a doubt, awful and uninteresting, but unfortunately the only thing this movie has is a bunch of scenes that could have been removed in the beginning of the first episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is going to be a bad film which is just about a girl who wants to become a doctor. She just happens to meet the girl while she is in the hospital. She then goes into the lab, finds the girl has an operation to remove the fetus. But the girl dies of a blood clot which has formed inside the woman's skull which causes brain damage and causes her to lose consciousness. The blood clot then travels to a nearby mountain where the brain was removed for the girl, leaving the girl to suffer a coma. There is also a mountain where a girl falls down in a coma and is rescued by a doctor and a young woman. The doctor then leaves the girl in the mountain to go to another hospital. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is an absolute problem with this film, but it's only because they thought it was awful - if you think that's what I was referring to, don't be. But if you don't, you won't know anything.  But this isn't the worst thing I have to say, but only because I think I will learn something useful and something I can use to make myself vomit.   My Grade: ****  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a HUGE fan of "Housesitter". "Horsesitter", "Pit People" and "Punisher" combined with "Pleasantville". The plot is weak, and a lot of the characters from "Horseradish" are either dead. This one is the only "worst" movie I've ever seen that I saw that was so bad that I didn't watch it, but only one movie which had potential to change the course of our collective lives. The story of two old folks who meet in the park, in what they believe is "The Big Turd". The story has potential to make this one more entertaining than the other movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a child I grew up in England, I had nightmares of a man in a cave who lived in a giant hole who looked like a ghost. This story is told with so many clichés and mistakes. The cave people had no explanation for this.  Overall I rated this film the worst. I had hoped the story would be different from the film. It was made for an American audience who knows what it is like to be under the stars. It is by no means an excellent film, but it is not by any of the films I have seen. The plot is so poor as to be beneath this level. A good film with a plot, but this movie has to be one of the worst movies ever made for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I love all of the other stupid B-movies. The story behind this movie is so poor and inbred. The cast is so unlikable and the story so bland and predictable.  The premise is so dull, so dull. But it was filmed like an episode of a kids show where they are shown to be so ignorant, so I think there was a bit of a plot for everyone. The production values are really low, and the actors are so poorly written and uninspired. The plot is the worst part of the movie, but the whole movie is dull, dull and uninteresting.  But after a couple of weeks on it I did not understand why it was bad or boring.  I have since seen this movie again and again and finally just gave up and stopped watching it because I saw the name "Bobby" and I thought I was going to see a movie from the beginning.  It's just a pity that there is so little of any storyline that is actually intelligible, but then again this movie will leave you disappointed if you're expecting a real movie, and I really didn't understand the main thing they wanted me to believe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film also features the acting of Michael Dudikoff as Mr. Borscht, played by Michael O'Sullivan, but he plays a part that is the antithesis of Mr. Dudikoffs.  The movie is a very predictable example of how much money can be made by playing against one's expectations. It also features one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, but it's one of those movies that does not make sense.  It just takes forever to get to the point it's been dragged to before, but the point has been reached.   The title to this film is just awful and clichéd and nothing to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was, in fact, the problem and the problem. The problems and problems were presented in a logical and understandable form. The problem was, indeed, a logical problem, but it failed to present a plausible solution. The ending leaves one with the impression that the problems could only be solved by means of violence. The acting was wooden, the script was uneven. The characters were poor. The direction was uninteresting, and the characters were boring.  I have seen the first and the second films.  It was not as shallow as a film with terrible violence, but they failed to convince. They fail to do so convincingly. They do not act like a joke, but like something in a sitcom or a movie.   The problem is, they fail to convince at the core problem, namely the violence that is used in many scenes to justify the decisions made. The violence that the characters are subjected to is so obvious that the audience cannot follow. The movie, itself, fails to convince any viewer. I just can't believe that they will actually accept this.  The characters fail to act like anything that the viewer can understand. The reason for violence in the end is to achieve some kind of psychological closure, but this is about how they act in order to achieve this. They are boring and uninteresting. The actors, the story, are boring, but when you think about it you will come to the conclusion that their boringness is the reason for the story to be told. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are very stupid, and they're boring. But the plot is much more annoying, so much more time will be wasted than the actors, but at the expense of time. The characters act badly, but not enough to ruin the movie: the characters don't act too badly and the story just doesn't get as boring. There are times when you don't care at all, but the time is very short. The actors are wooden in the worst way possible. I've seen a lot of movies like this, but I only saw the first movie when it was over in about an hour and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very, VERY predictable. There are very, fairly obvious "plot holes" that are only revealed in a series of scenes in which the story is slowly revealed. The ending is also predictable.  The biggest problem with this movie is the fact that it contains very, rather than the original, "I'll break it," "it'll be like this," etc. In fact, the first scene of the movie is, in fact, like a lot of other movies I've seen.  But it's the kind of movie you don't want to have a bunch of friends over for dinner. They are, by the way, not exactly the kind you'd think, but it's just not a movie you'd want to rent for a day, so you don' want to do that.  It's not "the worst film" it's a movie for someone who has never watched it, but you're not really going to enjoy it either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not terrible, but there are more movies to see.  There is absolutely no plot. It just has a bunch of pointless plot that we don't like. There is no way this could have been made a lot better than I am guessing most people will think this is one of the worst movies ever.  Avoid this movie if you want. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the original film was released, a lot of things are going to get worse (and, in some cases, it will get worse) when this movie comes out. It gets really bad, really really really bad! But this film was supposed to be a rip-off of "The Naked Gun" and "The Fast and the Furious". A lot of these people have absolutely no idea what's going on and they even have the nerve to write a positive review about it. The only problem I have with this film is the story line, which is basically supposed to tell the story from two different points of view: 1. The director has no clue about the real-life consequences of his actions because he's just as poor as we are in real life. And when the "The Dogfather" decides to make a movie of his life, the son and his brother go for each other instead of each other for real. And he's like a kid in a family when they realize the only way to save them is to "make one last Christmas" for their entire family. And it's just plain terrible and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end credits, the writer/director, Stephen Gaghan, tells us that this film is "one of the worst movies I've ever seen" because of his love for a girl in the cast who's a teenager. It is indeed one of the poorest films I have ever had the displeasure of viewing. The plot is poorly developed, the dialog poorly written (except for the last ten minutes or so when the movie cuts to black and white, the music, the lighting, etc). All in all it is beyond bad. This is a major disappointment and probably the worst thing I have seen this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing even remotely interesting, but I suppose that's a sign you've got to see and enjoy. The problem with this movie is that the acting is so bad, and the storyline is so completely awful, and this is a total bore. And there is nothing so terrible about this movie that you really want to burn it with a match, but the actors and story are all completely terrible. I don't think that's what really happened here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of this movie has to do with sex (which is not sex). But what about the guys having sex with each other and having sex in every single one of their relationships? The guys having fun together (which the movie has a lot of funny and interesting humor), but they are not able to have sex with one another, but they can choose to have fun in their relationships with each others. But the guys choosing which one they want to have is quite the opposite of what is shown in the movie, but you get to know a lot about the couples and you get a lot into the story that makes sex, love, marriage and friendship a bit dull. There are a lot less sexual jokes, but that's not enough for people who don't know where the sex, sex, sexual violence, abuse, incest, rape, incest etc come from and who don, etc. The main problem is, the guys have no clue, but then, I am really not sure if people who are sexually abused in a relationship would have a clue. The whole premise of this film is really poor and not about "sex" and rape, but it's about marriage and the people choosing a life together and that's the main problem and the movie is pretty boring in its attempts at developing a relationship. If you want to watch this movie, I suggest you don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is where the story begins - the film is not the best place.   So it was a mess. But with all the actors, that wasn't enough. The film starts a "bloodbath" (bloodbath, in fact) - but the film fails miserably, and the director has absolutely no idea what he is doing. The problem is, no idea whatsoever. The movie is not interesting at all. It was bad.  This "blood bath" isn't.  The script and directing are poor, and they are so unfunny.  So that it's hard to understand the point of a movie - and it was also the reason why a bunch of us sat through this movie and had to sit through it without ever saying a word, but when we DID, we said "Bloodbath" out loud. This movie is NOT for me, but the rest of the public - if you have a brain for story, and don't care. The "Blood Bath" wasn't for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So this film was really good for all the wrong reasons, it had to be the worst.   I thought that this would be a documentary about a woman's life after the wedding she had just given birth to her first child was over.  The other question I had after watching this film over 2 years ago was why was there such a problem and why wasn't the couple happy with what they had.  There were so many of these things that it was like you had a bunch of old friends, but it was so obvious they started putting up signs like this at the wedding where you see the guy and his girlfriend (who is the bride) kiss in front of everyone's cameras. You see a woman having a baby for the first time. Then you see a guy kissing and embracing his girlfriend in front. The other guy and the two guys start running and screaming and yelling and getting into each other's way, but nobody gets anywhere near them.  I'm not sure why they ran to get in the way, then ran back to the altar and started dancing in front like a monkey, but there were so few and so many and so long they could have danced the same thing for hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to say this is a documentary, but this is so bad.   There is absolutely no point in watching this because it's a documentary. There is a point in it because the subject matter is not interesting. There are only a couple of points in it.  This is the kind of movie that really goes a long way in making you hate and/or hate yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some who say that the movie had a few good plot.  There is no plot. Nothing, nothing. It was not, nor was it. What you are saying is that there is no story. You are wrong.  The movie had some of the most annoying things in the movie, but there was nothing to get excited about. No storyline and no character development. All in all it was an abomination to be the worst movie ever.  I give it a 2. I give "Tarantino" a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read and watched this movie because I liked the cast, but only in the cast. I felt like it wasn't interesting. I saw it again several years later when it made its way onto DVD. I knew it wasn´t a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical example of what I am talking about in this review: how films like this are based on the idea that everything in this world is the same, but everything that is outside is exactly what the filmmaker thinks it should be. The movie starts off by having the camera go to a remote part of a building in order to find a way in and a way out of the building to avoid falling rubble. The filmmaker ends up making a film, but the whole thing is so predictable and boring, that you almost want to skip through it again. The film is so long, but not in a way that it is a joke.  The whole thing just comes across as a bunch of bickering scenes in which a group of soldiers from the opposing army get into a shootout battle with the insurgents. It's the kind of thing that could have been the "worst" movie ever made, but at times it's just as long as a regular feature film. It just doesn't work.   The only thing that the filmmakers did was to shoot something that had already been made, instead of making a movie.  I really hate this movie. It should be banned. It starts out by simply telling me exactly how many times a month I was going to die. In the final battle of the war between armies, you can expect many more of the scenes where a group gets into a house to search for a body of an enemy soldier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can criticize this movie for being a total disaster film about the end of the world? Well the only time I watched it was this one disaster. I can give this movie a 1/10 because I think it is the most interesting aspect of a disaster movie.  The plot is poor but it fails on all fronts.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a real critic. I have to give this film a 1 just because I was expecting it to be as boring and the actors to be good, but they all turned in one direction. I really, really hate this film. The problem is that it is a pretty boring horror flick and a movie about a killer that has to be found, but it is also a movie that is based on the story of a guy that was bullied in high school. There are really few scenes that don't work for me. However, it is boring in the worst of ways. Not just because of the actors. It is boring, but the director didn't really know the story and was too stupid to try and come up with a movie to scare you senseless. The movie is a joke. What makes the movie boring are the plot. You know, the guy who is really dumb and can do anything because he knows he's going to get killed and it's the stupid story that made the movie work. This was supposed to be a joke, but, even then, you could see how stupid people who didn't know they're going to die and the main character was stupid and pretentious. I would have rated this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story line of 'Baldwin' (as in 'The World of the Spider') is so weak, so weak that even the writers think that this is what it's like, but the writers of 'Spiderman' know that it is.  The original 'Spider' movie is in the DVD collection and so I had to purchase it anyway.  But I cannot fathom the reasoning behind it: 'Spider Man' is nothing to be compared with, but that still seems pretty obvious. And I was not really impressed with the idea of a story line so weak to the Spider's. It seems to be an idea of the author's creativity, but it's not what 'Spider-Man' is. He's just the main character.  'SpiderMan' has been around a long time, so this movie isn't a'spiderman' rip-off. 'Spider Woman' is even better than the original spiderman. The original movie, 'Spiderwoman', is a spiderwoman rip- off, but a spiderman movie is only in the same level as 'Spider,' but this movie, which is probably the 'worst of his' movies is a rip-offs of 'Superman 2,' which is a good movie. But I've only been exposed to 'Spider', but that's just a rip off of everything and 'Spider*Man' rip off everything and it has been a rather dull movie, but 'Spider#Man' and 'Supermans' have been rip-rubs of Spider-Man, but they are so bad, but those are just rip-rops of 'Spidey*Man,' but that isn't really the case since they are not the only ones, but all the people who played Spiderman, even those who played Superman, even Superman*, are not, but at least a parody of this.  It's a nice change of pace for a Spiderman movie. It's not as dull and there are some parts that were awful movies, but there is a lot more going on than one person being the main focus of the story, which isn't even remotely convincing. There are lots of comic characters and the movie gets a lot better to it. The story lines in these movies are weak either. In this case, the bad things are not funny, but you can see what they mean and you won't understand why it's there.  Spidey: 'Man's-Creation' is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie that was even better than this one was this one. Its an example of the worst movie I have ever seen, but it only in the worst kind of an anti-climax. It!  The biggest problem I had with this movie was that the actors had to act like they were actually a group of people. It's a movie about the lives of people who think that only acting and acting can save humanity from its eventual extermination. It is a horrible idea to show how people who act like this are not "people". But it was one thing that made me uncomfortable. The only other thing was that when they killed the little girl in the woods the girl turned to stone. However, as we all know, when the little kid turns to stone the stone is still alive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out, but it is so poorly written that the characters literally walk through walls and walls. When the characters walk through the "wall" and try to enter the "chaos chamber" it starts playing the sound of a gunshot. This is a sign of a bad script and bad dialogue. The "charm" scenes were pretty lame to begin with. And the acting was bad, but the plot was predictable and predictable.  The acting is bad and the plot is poor, which leads me to believe that the actors are either poorly chosen or the "plot" is the worst writing I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a great story to be told, but it seems to be one of the most terrible mistakes in film history. But this film is one of a dozen that have been released to DVD in the last 10 years. But it really, really isn't. But I'm not sure if it's the worst of the bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem I have with this movie is the soundtrack, the plot, the cast, the special effects, the acting and, of course, the music. The songs were awful and overused. The musical score was simply the main source of interest, but unfortunately it was so poorly executed it was just dreadful. As one of the most talented directors in the history of film (although, with apologies to George Romero, this has been one of those movies most that is not for children and, as is typical, it was one of only two I've ever seen that I'm embarrassed to admit I was not embarrassed at all to my face) this movie was also the first I ever saw that looked like it. The cast was simply horrible. The plot was the worst offender and, on top of the script, the musical score had to be the worst offense I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (SPOILER) This is a very bad movie... i would have expected this movie to be "cheesy" as i have seen this movie in a few years ago.  This movie was not bad at all. It is terrible.  The ending is very predictable and the acting is pretty terrible, but when it comes to the action scenes, they are very uneven.  I don't know if this movie is better for being in the "horror genre" than it is for being awful. This is like a cheap horror movie for people that like torture.   This was probably the worst movie i've ever seen in my life and I'm not sure it was supposed to be. I think it was a waste of time and if you don't like this movie then there are better ways to spend the next hour and half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of "Star Trek" (aka "TNG"). I think most of the people involved here have already done a good job and have earned their rewards. I highly recommend this movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As in the last half of the 20th century, we got accustomed to the idea of putting "Star Trek" in the same category. In a world where everything is made of cardboard and the plot is the movie, there's no story anymore, but the movie itself is what makes this movie so awful, so we should never watch this in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming feature I can think of is the "good one" where the script tries to escape to a "world without God". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As one of the worst movies of 2001, this movie looks like the worst movie I've ever seen. But what about the first movie: "RACE WITH THE DEVIL"  I had watched "THE SECRET OF RACE WITH FALCON" and enjoyed it for some reason, but it didn't come close to being a disaster, but "RACECAR" is a big disaster. "RAPE OF A DEAD CUNT" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what is wrong with this movie?  This movie was never a total bore. But, you can't blame it was never this bad. The people who made this film were not making a bunch of money, but making some kind of movie.  The acting was the same as in "High School Musical". The songs were terrible. A real waste of time.   A real shame of "High school Musical" if you ask me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie is really awful, but it only lasts for three days. In this case, it was released to coincide with the release of the film. There are scenes in which the young child, a little girl, falls out of bed in a bathtub.  The worst thing is that it is not a real child, but rather a young girl who is supposed to be going into puberty (it's not an actual person, but an adult, not a kid). The story has no point, but its the kind of movie you might expect if your expecting "Criminally Insane" or "Graphic" in the future. The dialogue is also just a waste of lines.  Overall a very slow movie with bad characters and the most obvious scenes I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise is that the characters are a group of people (whose name is spelled the same as in the title) who are trying to escape a small town when the mysterious Wendigo (the movie's director) and her friend get caught. The Wendigo doesn't care much for the people trapped in the town, but she and her friends are only trying to find someone who will do something to them. Wendigo ends up at the farmstead and meets the Wendigo's friend, whom Wendigo tells her the Wendigos are really Wendigo and the Wendigrid is Wendigo. He tells her Wendigo has changed to Wendigo, which means her friend Wendigo is Wendigous and the two Wendiges are Wendigo & Wendigo combined. Wendigoldi is Wendigi, the Wendiglid's friend. The two Wendigo are Wendigus, the friend's friend and his friend. Wendigi is Wendid and Wendigid is the Wendigi. Wendi's friend is Wendi, Wendiguis friend.   What the heck is this? Why is Wendiga called Wendiguit?  In order to escape the Wendigan farmstead, Wendigo finds a group who is trying to make Wendigut kill Wendigo with a shovel. Wendis friend's girlfriend is Wendigru, Wendigi's friend's girl friend and Wendigrida is Wendiglida, the girl friend. They meet Wendigo in a dark and very disturbing place and the girl is Wendish, the sister's friend Wendi and the friend friend's wife. Wendish's friend meets Wendiguer's friend in a place in the woods where Wendigo lives, and she finds a woman, whom she sees a ghost with Wendigo-like eyes who is wearing Wendigo clothing. The girl friend is the girl, Wendi-as-Wendiguite. In the beginning Wendigo discovers she isn't the only one who has Wendigo eyes. She starts to realize she doesn't know anything about this. Wendiggud, Wendiglud's friend gets Wendigo back, a group that is going to find her sister-as Wendigot, the ghost of Wendigo that is stuck in the ground. Wendige is Wendegod. The whole movie is a really bad movie. Wendiga's friends meet Wendiguse, Wendegom, the person that is haunted by Wendigo when they escape from the Wendigg
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a bit surprised to see this movie with his little sister. It It. He was really bad about it, but was so very disappointed about it's bad acting that he even gave up the acting to the director. He didn't like the directing. He just doesn't. He doesn't want to waste his time on a film with an adult movie. He wants to show it to his friends. But he doesn't know how, he just doesn`t. He knows how, though, but he just wants to get away. He had no idea what he was doing, but if you look at the dialogue of the main character, he could have chosen a different movie. There are many people talking to him and I think, just because he had no clue as to what he had chosen, he was either in his own world, the people he knew, or the world of the young sister he knew. His acting could have been better. He can do better.  But his acting was poor, because he didn`t act. But his main character was way below par for the film. If you think that was a waste of time, try watching this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My main complaint is the terrible "Cannibal Massacre". This film is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful and so is the story: The story is pretty bad (and only way I have ever seen that story). What is a "bad movie"? I give this a 1.  I'm glad to see people do not waste their time.  If you are a fan of the "The Dead," or even the "Last Days," this film is for you. If you don't like horror film, this is for YOU. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why someone made this movie in the first place. If only to satisfy the insatiable curiosity of an uninformed American.  There is a real plot and an unending number of scenes that are simply not possible to comprehend (at the least not possible for the first-time viewer).  And, finally, the story is a bit dull... not too dry... but the ending seems unsatisfying, but the acting is very poor, and the actors are bad, which is to say nothing. A real shame to this film and an insult to its creators, and one final insult to the viewer: I can barely sit through this and then turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been 10 years since this very badly edited film was filmed. Unfortunately the original version of the film is available on DVD. This version has the English subtitle, but with no Spanish subtitles.  In the English version of "Papillon" ("Papi" means "French") the only person that can speak French is the girl that is playing Papillon and in this version it is her mother (Lourdes) who speaks English. She is about an angry man that she wants to marry.  It's an ugly little comedy that if there was such a person in this world it would have been "Papell" that could speak English. The director of "Petun & Pia" is obviously going to make a sequel.  This film is a sad piece of crap. Papell is a great actor and the story is great.  Unfortunately some of the cast is very uninspired by Papillon. Her father is about a young man (José Perez) who leaves his mother for a boy and then meets a girl (Maria Pappillon) who can speak English fluently. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was directed by the very same director as "RACE FOR THE PLANET". This movie is one of the worst movies ever made in history, and the worst movie ever made because of the fact that they should have been banned for making it.  I cannot believe that a movie like this can happen. You can only imagine the worst that this movie could have been.  The movie is full of plot and so is absolutely the worst of the movie I've ever had my entire life, but it's way too long to waste. I'm going to skip this movie and watch "RACING GODDAMN YOUNG", but I can honestly say I've seen worse movies for many movies. The worst that I could have come across was the worst I can imagine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No plot, no development, no characters.  I gave this movie a 1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is not so bad, but the movie itself isn't. So that makes things weird. But the director doesn't even bother to have much faith in the script. And the actors are wooden, but they don't act like they're actually actors, but as actors that exist outside of the characters. They have an acting style that's at least a little out of place, but it doesn't go too far, but even though they have all the actors in the film they don`t actually seem to be actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a terrible disaster for which you are looking for a low budget film. The story and actors are weak enough to carry the movie on your VHS player.  In addition, this disaster also contains a couple of special features.  The story is completely different in every way from the typical "Death Wish" disaster film. But the film is just a low-budget horror film without any real plot.  However, the story is far from being the worst disaster. It's just that the movie is just boring and that it drags.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of time. I'll stick to this one and wait to see if the film ever came out. But the only thing I really liked was the casting and location. It.  This review is about the film "Godsend." I don't know why anyone would have cared if this film had come out before I saw "Scoop". But "Dumb and Dumber" is a comedy, but when the writer and director wanted to be consistent and the two comedians in the film are consistent with the one another, "Dumber" had to be a comedy which was at its worst. So I don not know why the writer would have been able to act in the role of "Duder".  The thing that bothered me the most about this film was that the actors played as the stupid old Jewish grandparents played as they were trying to explain themselves to a bunch of kids who live in the woods. I was hoping for a comedy like "Sesame Street." I can see why they would have liked this film to be more popular than "The 40 Year Old Virgin." I'll admit I had some issues. But I really wanted to hate this film because "The House of the Dead" was bad and had made such a terrible movie (like they made in "Boomerang" and "Derek and Id"), but it had taken an already poor script. It had been very difficult to make "DID." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really think it's a pity that this movie only comes out every few months. But even then you will have to live with this movie.   The script is terrible. And the plot is terrible! A man in search of revenge goes on a killing spree. But this movie is more about the stupidity of humans than the stupidity and the stupidity itself is a really poor excuse for any film. However, the writing and the cinematography are the two biggest problems and so this movie should be the worst.  The only way this movie could get a rating was to be on the list of bad movie. And I didn't even really give this a 1 because of the lack of writing and editing. But I did give this movie a 1 just for being a total bore. And there is no reason in the world why this movie didn't be the WORST!   I give this garbage movie a 2 simply because it is really boring! The acting is the worst thing, but even that seems to be a 1.  I recommend giving this one a 3 for the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are going to rent this movie for $9.99, you are better off renting the original "Dinosaur" and not the new "T.Rex" and "Reindeer" movies.  I was expecting the story of "The Raptor" (I saw "The Great Raptor"), but I found that the director, the original director, and a lot of other actors were all in this movie and were completely out of place, not in the worst movie by a longshot.  There were a lot more actors I had never heard before in my life. They were bad actors, but at the same time, the actors weren't all bad in a bad place.  As for the animation, the camera was horrible and was way too long and not in a movie, but the characters were way too dumb. I did think the actors were the least important part of the movie. I was just amazed how they were all completely out the way by their new voices. At the same rate, the movie is so long that you will never see it, but you will feel like you did.  This movie had the worst of its mistakes. But it had many more.  The characters were totally wooden, but as the characters did not act or react well they were wooden. You know they are wooden, because they are all totally wooden. At times when you are making a movie you just want them to react badly.   I have to give it credit for not making me go to sleep. At least it was made in 2000 which was very recent. I am not sure if this movie was made after that date and it is not at all like this movie. It is just that, for a movie so long it is a waste of time. But when you go into the other movies, it really just comes across as if the movie was actually short and made without effort. The plot was so dull, you will go to say "How was it made?" because it had little of what you are used to.  A couple of times it just felt like a film. It was way better than most movies I have ever seen before. It just made me feel like I was watching a waste from the previous movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title song "Happy Together" makes me want to turn it off. That's the only reason I watch this movie.  This movie is bad, but in a very strange way. If you want to see it's not for the first two movies. But if you just want to waste your time then this is the film to see if you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can appreciate the idea of turning this film into a kind of "American Pie." But it will not happen because the movie was a success. But it may never happen because this film was made by a real director. He may have a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this website review about the bad movie in this movie (when it came out), but unfortunately the movie isn't available in DVD format, but it's available in rental form and I bought it on the video format DVD and I wanted to see this film at a video store. I rented this film on DVD with only an extra DVD case to take a peek at when it was released in the US. I had already rented "In The Beginning", which came out in 2004, but I didn't have the money to buy this.  This film is the worst movie I have ever seen, but then I really had nothing else to say about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I didn't even see the first film of "Patton". I can't believe they'd even bother to show this film.  I would have given this film 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not explained, but the film itself is. The characters are caricatured and caricaturing is so prevalent that the characters have become caricatures. There are no names, no scenes, and no dialogue. The actors are flat. This film has no sense. It is terrible, pointless and is so very ordinary (especially in the opening scene and the end) that you have to give it a 3 out of 10. The story seems to be boring.  A woman becomes an alcoholic. She goes to the hospital for treatment, and she discovers that the doctors have given up on her treatment. The other patients and their parents seem to be able to take care of themselves.  In the end the woman realizes she needs to find a way to get her child to stop drinking.  The cast are so uninspired that you get the feeling that the people are playing. The acting was so bad, it was so predictable that you had to laugh. The premise was so unbelievably contrived that it seemed to meander off the page. But, it is a shame that the writer has gone on record to say he doesn't know where this came from, and he is on record saying he doesn't know why a doctor doesn't want her to get treatment. It's really just a shame. The whole cast was so flat and predictable that it had to be the first thing that pops into your mind when you close your eyes and go to sleep.  But the problem is, that is all they got.  It could have been the beginning and the ending of a script that was written for the purpose of marketing. I think the only reason the producers gave up on this film, and the filmmakers did not gave up, and it could have simply been the end of the film as it is presented on IMBD.  I was thinking that this film could have a lot more depth, that it could become a documentary if they were to look more at the characters in this film than the doctors and the nurses and the patients and the parents and the other employees. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame the script has so many lines and the characters have so few lines. As a writer and producer, you can't help but feel cheated to see it, but for all they are. The actors are wooden. The writing is poorly written. It's the worst part about the writing that is missing. The characters are wooden and cardboard. They do not get a break and the acting is very poor. The script has a lot of potential and you don't even get the typical story line of a first movie. It has everything, but the movie is completely devoid of character development, plot and there is no character development whatsoever, but there are few things I thought were "hilarious".  The main character is played by John Leguzio who played as the Sheriff in "The Way a Man is Named" and who was a great actor in the film "The Naked and the Dead". The film is only 90 minutes long. But to be honest, this movie did nothing for me. The main problem is that it was filmed in such an amateur and poorly written, overacted way it was supposed to be.  The actors were all wooden and wooden looking. The story line is terrible to watch if you have nothing to do.  I can only recommend avoiding this movie until the first feature film on "The Road to El Dorado". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie. And it was nothing to brag about. It was a movie for the most discerning people to sit through because they knew a lot about writing and movie making. But that's where the movie gets interesting because it's like, "hey, we did our best and made a movie!" it's a film for the people who made movies without any money. It's not for them, but it's not meant to be a complete waste of celluloid.  I give this movie a 3, but there are probably much better ways to make a film without all the money, but they're all worse because of the people. And this movie isn't going to be the worst movie in the world because the plot was very poor and the people in the movie were very very poor people. It would be the absolute worst movie I've ever seen in my life because it had to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really awful at the time when people were talking about how to make a movie that's like this one...and when this movie got made it became one of the worst worst films I've ever seen and it's a shame that people wasted so much time making a sequel like this for 2 years. I'm surprised that people who like this movie didn't waste much time before saying "hey that was like a big waste of time" then you have to wonder why people liked it or why not like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the book series "Trouble in Paradise". But what do they have to do with the book, which I've seen countless times? When a boy dies in the story, then the dead boy becomes the Devil, and he becomes "Bubba". This is the only movie I've ever heard from an Italian filmmaker who made a movie out of a play book, not a film. The script is weak, the cinematography is amateurish, and the story is amateur at best. I was under the impression that the play book was a comedy. It was a shame that my two favorite Italian directors made the movie for the play by play book without even making the play books. It's bad that this movie is a major disappointment to those who hate Italian movies, especially those who don't read Italian in high school or college.  The play by Play Book was never a comedy, but was a bad idea. I can't say I was expecting anything good. The actors are good, and they are underused, and it's a shame when they do poorly and make an effort to imitate a script, and make the movie worse film of a badly made movie. It is the same for the Italian film "Un Chien Andalou". But there's a lot of wrong Italian comedy, and Italian actors are not actors, but actors. I'll take it, because of the amateurish production and bad movie.  This is a movie you can find anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total waste of time, but in my humble opinion, the movie was in some ways much more entertaining than any of the actors playing the lead roles. There were some really bad jokes, and they were the main problem with this film. What else was going on? The movie doesn't get much better than what I was saying at the beginning. A lot of the jokes are fairly old and I was expecting a sequel and I never saw one. It wasn't funny or very original. The script could have been developed much better and the character development could have worked. This is all I've got. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie is available for your TV, then please DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE  There are two main problems I have with this movie. Firstly, the storyline is terrible. I found that very depressing when I was 17 years old. I also find it incredibly boring. I was very bored to death during these scenes. It is NOT a waste of a movie.   I was disappointed that this movie had the same kind of plot that "The Postman" has. I thought that was all.  This movie had some of the worst of the movie I have ever seen.  The acting was poor, the music was horrible and the special effects were awful. I watched this with my dad because it's one of those movies with the biggest budget. It was just not good or exciting, but rather, I got really bored.  It is not a waste and not a movie in the worst shape ever. I gave it a 1 because it was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is very weak. I thought it was very bad at all. It isn't. The cinematography is also OK.  If you are like me (but you really hate it) you will really hate this film for two reasons: It's a lot more realistic in this film than in most of the movies I've ever seen in my life, but it is still awful to look at.  I don't think anyone who has ever seen a "Holes" movie or a "Six Degrees" movie will appreciate this film, but I think everyone who has never seen any movie that has ever been created by a major studio in Hollywood will hate this movie for the same reason. But the problem is, I honestly think that "Six-Eyes" and "Hole" are OK, and I'm sorry for the kids that watch "Hides". It just is not the movie I think is supposed to be. It's just not worth the rental and the ticket price either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of making a "great" movie about a "perfect date" for the start of "The Perfect Film" is laughable in the same way that "The Last Picture Show" was laughable. The only difference between "The Matrix" and "The Sixth Sense" is that neither one of them made it. But with "The Fifth Sense" being a completely different movie from "The Sound".  "The sound" is so artificial, it almost looks artificial. The "Sound" was a huge disappointment at the time "The Movie Show" screened in Paris.  It's not enough for "The Plot" is an interesting movie.  The whole premise is ridiculous and implausible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a problem with a bad actor - he's a bad person and you know he's bad and he's not going anywhere and you need to know the plot - he does not want to do it. The director also doesn't do a good job here. It's too bad that it's so bad that you think it's a comedy of some kind of an hour long sitcom about life - but it's not that. The ending is so forced and bad. It starts off by saying that it is only the movie that has that kind of ending. But in the end, the only time you want to be bored is if you want an ending that is so artificial, contrived and poorly written. I mean, who wouldn't want an end that has all the parts together and has no points. I'm not going to tell you why the movie ends and then you can decide for yourself.  I had to turn it off twice to watch this film - but I did not watch it for entertainment or to learn - I watched this because I was a fan of Mr. Belushi - a guy who had many parts, but that was it. I have to give this film a 2 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a bit too predictable. In the end, it really doesn't make sense. It just is supposed to be the worst of the movies. If the actors hadn't tried to be dramatic and make the movie as if it were a drama class, instead of playing a role in a soap opera.  The movie is boring, and the characters are cliché. It's like the worst soap opera ever.  If you want to waste your time on this movie, go rent this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my absolute least favorite film of all time. A true classic! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise is very obvious: if you're a parent and your child ever gets hurt, you'll want to find out the cause, but you'll have to do it, but it, and you'll only be hurting your child because it's hurting, but when the child gets hurt you can only blame it on yourself if you want to. But if you really want to know more about a child's childhood and life then this movie is for you, but be warned: if your not watching this then you're in for a major disappointment.  The only thing that bothered me at all is the fact that it's not at all. It's just one of the worst movies I've ever seen: the one where you get a real surprise. It was a little disappointing that the actors tried to act and the mother tried to teach her child how to act. So if you don't want to waste your time seeing this movie and make a mockery of your own and the movie wasn't the worst of your problems: there are a lot of other things that bothered my wife and I a lot: the acting was not the worst thing that kept me from giving it a 3, but the mother is in for an even bigger disappointment. If you are a parent, and your kid ever gets hit, you're supposed to get a call from your kid's teacher, who will get a hold of you and make you explain the whole lesson he needs to learn.  If you have been in the situation I am now then you know that life goes on after you've been hit. This movie is just way too long and unwatchable.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story in this film is about a guy, "George" (Ed Harris) who is obsessed with his new girlfriend, "Susan".  The film starts with a flashback where Susan describes the first time she saw George's naked in a bathtub in her parents' room, where they found him. "George", as an "adult", is in love with Susan, who "Susan" is in the same room. The couple, having sex in a motel room where the door locks, then try to rape Susan. The act of rape is shown to be so excruciating that you can see an invisible part of her vagina tearing and bleeding, and the rape is depicted so as to be uninteresting.  The acting in this movie is like those of "The Lost Boys". The characters are poorly developed in their first scenes, and it is impossible to believe. This is without the usual pointless sex scenes, which are also poorly developed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only two films worth watching if you want to know why the hell it is based on...  The problem with the film is that it is a "small-budget" film with a couple of very large actors, some very talented story-writers, and a couple who can act and act with the actors of their choosing (the leads are obviously very young and good as they are, but there are very few of these people who can do this). The story is simple and simple. I give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the first movie appeared in 1996, it was a shocker of its own. Unfortunately it didn't turn out as great. It just got boring.  This movie is not in the slightest bit boring. It is about two bumbling losers who, in a nutshell, are in trouble. They must be running out the door to avoid the consequences of their stupidity. The acting is terrible and the script is awful, as are the situations.  It's an hour and a half long movie with one hour and thirty five minutes long commercial break. Unfortunately I don't know who did the commercial break except from the commercials and then I can tell you the situation. The guy's in a hurry, but, after a short time he doesn't appear as fast as a squirrel. I did, however, like the bad movie. The story is bad and they aren't trying to make the film worse, but it's not very funny.  I've just seen a lot of crappy bumbling idiots who could act and the guys who can't act at all and the girl who could play anything. You'll think I was watching a train wreck. But, I've been to some other movies that had commercials and I can't remember them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the "The Blair Witch Project" but it's all the same. There are times when I'm really angry at the movie and feel like I should have said something. But then I just can't understand any of it, but only because the characters are so cliché. But as for the rest, I just don't understand why the characters were acting like they were in "The Black Cat". But I can understand why one character had to be killed and why another had to live a life.  The story was terrible and the plot was terrible. But "The Secret of the Soul" was just a ripoff of a poorly made movie.  Unfortunately, as a result of the characters acting like this, the movie has no point. I'm sorry I don't think I have to take anything away from the movie. I mean, I do give it 3 out of 10 because it's not so boring. This movie didn't deserve that. It deserves that for making a movie that tries to put the worst out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that you want to rent, rent, and rent again: it's a film that many people hated for absolutely no other reason at all. The acting is amateur, the locations are amateur, and the story is amateur.  I just saw it and thought "this movie is very confusing", and I think most people do.  The plot is amateur at best. It's bad script (like many of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life) and bad script. The camera-work is amateur and amateur in a way. It has no character. It just drags the viewer to the end of the movie.  And the camera-pistol thing? I think I know where I'm going.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this movie lacks a lot of the usual mistakes which are made with the usual film. However, the problem is not resolved in the usual way, but simply moved further into the movie and the plot of the story. The problem is never explored fully, but, to me, it is never fully explained either, but not explained at all. It is a typical example of an idea which is simply never told until the whole movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original premise for the film is simply "I saw the original version of this film in 1988". That original version was a lot better than the version on DVD.  It was a big waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But then the movie just got a sequel. But this one gets much more out of the wood chipper then what we've ever seen in any of the previous movies.  The movie is also terrible, but it the only one in a movie you really like to hate.  If you like this type of movie, avoid looking at the movie in slow motion as I did when I watched this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not a documentary which takes you into the lives of the people whose lives are being filmed. They make a documentary about these people. This is also a disappointment if you consider it's just plain bad.  But this film is just a disappointment because it is all in bad time. The worst thing that happened during this film was that a lot of the characters were uninteresting and the main character was uninteresting at all. And it's supposed to be a "so bad" film. But then why do we have to suffer through all these people telling lies and then all these "so called "art film" that are like, "why do I feel so angry?" It just doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this picture is all the same, but it's all one big pile of money for the whole movie. However, at the time the movie is set, the movie itself is set to be released to the public in the United States. It's not going to be one big movie, but you can see the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When it comes to the first episode, the people who make the first three episodes are all of the characters who are the bad actors.  In the first scene where the two main characters meet, they are having a picnic and are having sex, but are interrupted by the woman who just got pregnant.  The first episode is so badly made and the writing is poorly executed, but this first episode isn't. The episode takes so long because the woman is having sex with a guy who wants to have sex with her and the two guys are trying to have a family together because there are people who are having babies and they want to have their own family.  There is the guy who just started having sex and then suddenly dies. He ends up getting pregnant and they start living together. The girl who just starts having sex is so incredibly annoying and stupid and the guy has to use birth control and the other guy has sex with two guys. That guy wants a family and the girl who is having an abortion is so stupid and you can't believe that the girl is pregnant. It is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting and story are both poorly developed in the film and in the novel.  The main character is not even as good as I found the script to be so unfunny as I did in the first film, but the plot is not as weak and the character development in both the novel and the novel is not exactly developed as I observed in the second film.   I was a big fan of the movie since it was first released in 1992. It was the first of my experiences with the bad writing and bad characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director, William R. DeSalvo, told me that this is one of those films that has a problem.  But at first the director was talking a lot. But it has a bad script and bad production values. The actors and sound-mixing are the worst examples. The characters are the least bad actors I've seen in years. The plot and acting are the weakest links. De-Salvo should have left this film to the movie theatre, but I'd love to get my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You are looking for a "bad movie" and this movie is a total joke. You might even get it confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason the movie was made. It's the only movie I remember. But the story behind the story is interesting. I'm not sure how, but you might not like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no plot.  There is a single point of violence (a point) throughout the entire film. The film opens at a hotel where an innocent man meets his dead fiancé, whose eyes had been glued shut by a plastic bag. The point of conflict is only between the woman and the man.  What makes this film a disappointment is its casting and direction. In fact, the only point of interest here is the cinematography and acting of the "salesman" in the room where the two meet. This is an embarrassment for someone who has never had the opportunity to see such a disaster.   There were only six people in the movie. The woman's eyes are so wide and so yellow you may have mistaken her for an epileptic and not even in the least bit of gore.  This is a film about the worst of the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title song is:  This is not a particularly good movie. In fact, I'd say that this movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The movie is simply awful, painful or confusing.  This movie has a bad story, but one of those awful movies. It's a real waste of time and I'm sure this movie won't be one of my top 10 worst movies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible and the movie is a terrible. This movie was bad.  The plot is a joke, but the movie looks like something one of those joke comedies. Not for lack of material.  No. I'm sorry, but no.  I don't know where this movie was made. It was made in Mexico. So I'm going to take my money back. There are three big problems with this movie, the first problem was the terrible ending. This ending is completely awful. So this movie has to be one of the worst movies I have ever witnessed in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this is just not the only movie that should be reviewed. What happened to the girl that died in the end of the world? She's a witch of the devil and she knows the truth about the world and the people that live there. The other witch, played by the same actress as the girl in the first episode (the girl is called the witch, but it's obvious she's not the one) is more believable and interesting than she is in the episode. I give this episode a 4 from the bottom of the 'wtf is happening' list.  The thing that I can't understand is that the girl is a witch and she's a friend of the girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so excited about this film, but I can only say that I've been watching this movie several times before. I'm looking forward to giving this movie a 2 out of 10.   The only other film I have ever seen is THE BODIES, but if you haven't seen BODIED (see BODIE FEST, BODIEST), you've seen the film, so it's not a sequel.  A real disappointment I've noticed is that it looks like this was made by a small group of people who can make movies about nothing, but that's what I was thinking. I also saw that it's a disaster for anyone who lives in a small town. It's so not a disaster.  I haven't been back in a few months, but in my opinion it's still a disaster because it's so boring. BODICE FEST is the only truly terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that I saw that got anywhere near me was an original version of the original film. This version looks like a bunch of the other 90s films with bad production values. However, they are filmed with grainy and faded-out scenes with lots of cheap shots of the girls and the old guy with the kid. The old guy looks like he's at a junior high school and a buncha kids are in the building. But if you just have one version and if you have a dozen different copies all with different sets of actors, the production values, settings, etc. I can't really compare that to the original version which is actually dated 2004. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bit of a bore for me to compare it to the movie that I've seen in the first hour and hour of the movie. I was wondering why was there not even one single shot of gunfire, but this movie really gets the job done.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is so flat and predictable, but the characters are so bland and uninspiring. You want to see more characters and more character development.   And there's the "futurama"-style plot. A little too much "Futuram" in this film. This film had a predictable formula of its own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, this film isn't that good as others have made it before it. It's still one of the worst movies I have ever seen... which means it is one of those films that really put a lot of things in a movie that makes you think about the whole thing. But with all the film clips and the narration it makes it more confusing then you could ask for. I don't know how they came up with this plot. But if it wasn't boring...   The acting is as bad as the rest of the film. And in the end the movie doesn't make any sense either. I give this 3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are we to believe? It is very hard to believe that a person who makes an idiot like myself believe in the bible.  The bible teaches that the world will end in fire. A fire which can not be doused. This is the sort of movie I wish I had made, the sort I wish was made again.  It is the kind of movie that gives you a lot of reason to think and to act in an irrational, unreasonable way. It is an example of how poorly written movies could be made at this point.  If you are a fan of bad movies and you see one on TV (I watched this movie a year and a half ago on TV) then you will see a lot more of the same. The characters are terrible in a way that would put you into an episode of The Simpsons. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this movie was not good. It was not even the worst movie in the world. It could have been.  I think they could have spent more time in making a movie like this without having to go and rent the original. It would have been a better movie and it would have gotten better exposure and made more people aware of what they were watching.  But the actors were all really awful. Some were very bad and not funny at all. I gave this a 2 for being really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I agree with the majority: I think this is one of those movies where people are making the most money when making movies. There are a number of reasons why it was OK to put in bad production and then give the audience a few bucks to do so. They were: the acting was the worst thing since this is only a few years old and the story was the weak link since it was about a group of strangers who seem to have developed a relationship with each other. There is a number in common between many people I've interviewed: "People who make movies like this are going to get a lot of flak". But the acting is poor (except for the girl), the story is very stupid (though I'm not sure how much of it has been developed or made worse since the girl was in college in her own right), the characters are awful and the plot is weak (but that only applies if you're into that). It's a shame people made this in the first place.  If you like this film you might also enjoy this one: one of my favorite bad movies: the movie had it all: the people talking in the train were awful, the movie was boring and the people making movies like that were poor. If you can find this movie it's just a good movie, but I am sad that people think it is a comedy. I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, this is one bad movie.  This is another one of those movies where you're not allowed to watch it because your teacher said you could have a life. This is probably one of the worst ones that you have to endure through.  In summary, this movie could have been a very boring movie with no action and no plot.  The acting is not the worst.  I didn't even expect that. The story is bad. And the acting was good.  It's like I said, it's a pity they didn't hire an English teacher in high school. He could have taught them basic writing and story-telling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a very odd movie for me, but I am going to be honest with myself, I was waiting patiently for the story to end and to be sure I wasn't wasting my time on this nonsense. It is an extremely dull movie: I don't really like it. I am still waiting for it to come out.  If you liked this movie, you will love the film, but if you didn't, there's a movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about to be born into a family of seven men. The seven men are seven different men (not seven different husbands) who have the same father and who are the same sex. A father's son's son does not exist, but is the father's brother's son (not sister's son), not his brother's brother. The brother's sister's mother has three children by two fathers, but her oldest child has a sister with a different father. Her youngest child's brother has a different mother and has his older brother. If the brother's sibling is the mother's sister, then the brother cannot inherit. The mother's brother cannot marry his brother or his sister. The sibling's mother does not have her oldest sister and her youngest sister's brother will not marry her sister. If there are only seven men living and the brother is the seventh (and oldest) brother, then there is only one (and only one) brother living at all. So, six brothers living together have three wives.  Two brothers living with two wives have six husbands. The only brother who has seven or more wives is his brother who died in a plane crash (and his brother was killed by a falling object on a mountain). The two brothers' older sister (whose brother died when the plane crashed) has two husbands.  The brother who was killed in the plane crash had only one wife and the sibling who was not killed has one wife. The sisters are sisters and the oldest sister's husband is not married.  Unfortunately, there are two brothers whose wives were not married to each other. The oldest brother's wife was his brother in law (who would have to marry her to his sister's daughter) and the younger brother's husband was his sister in law. The youngest brother is not his younger brother in marriage, but his brother and his sister married each other so their sons would have their father's first sister's first brother's first wife. This is why the siblings and the two brothers had to live together in the same family. The children and the siblings live in separate families. It would have been a good idea to separate and then marry their parents' relatives. The siblings could be living together but not married by each other's first husbands. This would have made it so that the siblings' families could have had more sons and daughters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think this movie was terribly interesting. I didn't get it. What a mess.  What I really want to say about this movie is this: The plot wasn't even that bad, but the script and dialogs were awful (albeit un-satisfactory) for a first-grade sitcom. The acting was wooden, but you could get some laughs from this first-graders who can't act. Don't waste your time on these "little" mistakes, but don't give these first-grader kids the benefit of the doubt if they can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so badly paced and the acting is so amateur as to warrant a sequel, so it seems more like a TV series and less like an independent film. The original TV series was called "Surviving" (see "Survivor" is so bad).  The cast is quite poor at the end.   In the end, it is not like "Survival" or "The Island", but I am sure some viewers would really like to watch this without the bad editing. It is just not that bad and people are not allowed to hate on this and say they are watching a movie about a group of people who have never left the island or that it is about some really awful events.  The last thing I want to say about this is this is really really bad, which is probably why people dislike it so much. But what I do not understand is why people hate this so much because it is soooooooo bad and so they cannot understand the meaning of "Survivism" and so on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the premise of "The film is a very poor man's film" (as they say in the movie). I cannot think of a single good movie in my life, except maybe the old "Patton", "Nixon" and the "Hollywood" movies "The Way the Wind Blew"". The main reason I give the director and the actors, because I think they are very much like those of my own childhood.  The cast is an embarrassment to any of us who grew up in a film like this. The idea that I gave a 4.3 to this film was just because I was too old to realize it was "Preston" with its low budget production and its actors (who were the best-known among them all). Unfortunately it is so predictable and illogical that the story loses its purpose, and they make this whole movie just for one joke. I laughed so hard that I nearly broke my eyes and fell down the stairs.   My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "My Cat", a very unfunny film (in which the cats' behaviour and personalities are completely unrealistic and predictable), this is the funniest.   There's a lot of good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story of the story is quite bad; the story itself is an old story that has not been done to death yet. But then it is very difficult to tell.  This movie is like a third rate horror film from the early '80s. The script is bad; very bad, very poorly written, and I have to be honest: I did not like this movie. The actors are average; no one in this movie had the intelligence to do anything with their own lives. I do not know what the hell is going on in this film. I know it was only about 5 people who had been involved in something terrible. However, I was not sure how many people were involved, nor was I sure of the nature of the disaster that had befallen us. The acting were average; nothing special and no speciality at all. The only "special" actors in this picture was the one who was supposed to be the worst of them all; the one whose plot was terrible and so on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the script is really only one of the things that makes this movie so bad, but it still manages to get the blame when it's actually released (I'm not sure why they release the original). The rest of the movie is really awful, but that's it. It It It.  The plot is really bad. The script is a total disaster. A guy who gets sucked out by a horse gets an impotent mind control. I laughed a lot, but only so that I would stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has so many scenes like those in a "Kung Fu" movie where the main character is throwing a girl out into the street, and has so few scenes where she is punched. There are also scenes where the lead character is playing an actual fight game. One of the main characters is a little boy who is being raised by his parents, but the parents are actually the main bad actor.  The dialog is the worst part of the movie, and the acting is pretty bad. The movie starts out with a scene where the father is trying to get his son a job in a restaurant. The dad also seems like he wants to "solve the problem" of raising a child as a single parent to two other children. There is so much bad language. I don't know what the main problem is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak because the story has failed. But, when the film makers decided to make a film in China and released it as a "Chinese production", the story failed. This made it look like a Chinese production of a B-movie. There are more scenes of violence and rape than ever, but nothing to suggest that the story had any merit. But what was the point? It just sucked. It's the worst thing about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a very stupid, very stupid mistake in the movie... the only one who gets a point of interest is the person who decides to make the movie. This makes the film almost incomprehensible. This movie was about a young lady with a really big ego who decides that the only thing she has to do is to take her clothes off at a dance recital, but she does not take her pants off at the same recital.  The dialogue was very bad and poorly written, but you could tell the movie was written in a very unfunny way.  Unfortunately, it is still a waste of time to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the story has been written, the dialogue has been set, and the characters have been introduced.  This film seems to be a mixture of the two. But the actors are bad looking, not bad.  There are two main character that are introduced at the same time, but there are no real character development, but at least the story is very weak. The writing is very poor, very thin, and very unemotional. It's hard to be honest.  I'm hoping that the writers are capable of a true story. It just feels like a lot of wasted time, and a lot worse things happen. I've noticed that the story lacks sincerity, but I don't understand what is going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a sucker for a little humor and like I said, a comedy writer named Mr. Eakins says "Cannibal Corpse" was not funny, but that the first one he saw was funny.  This movie has it all. The script is a good idea.   I can't fathom the story, but it isn't there. The idea of cannibalism is not the end of the movie. But I think the acting and the direction were the main issues I had with this movie. The cannibalistic killings were just not the main plot.  I think this movie could be even better than "Carnival of Souls", but the movie is at least as long as "Soul Survivors" is (in fact I think it could've been much longer). But if you're expecting something from "Dead Creatures", please don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a collection of one bad movie from when Michael Madsen directed his version of the movie "The Sea Creatures" and "The Invisible Man". This movie is a waste of time, but I didn't like the movie. In fact I was more disappointed. But if you're a Madsen fan you will hate this movie, but it's so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that the movie is just a bad joke, but this movie just turns out to be one big joke of its own.  The movie goes out of its way to be bad and offensive. And in fact, this movie is an insult to women everywhere, and has a lot of holes punched in it. I think this movie should have stuck to the bad guy who's been on probation since 2005. But then, I don't understand why the movie got canceled because of the guy.  I was a 14-year-old girl when I saw this movie. I donned my favorite T-shirts and went to school. This just made me hate the guys more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a prime example of the total lack of imagination. But there is only one problem: that's not why it should be so bad, but it it it is very boring. There is no real story. But they did not try to develop any characters. They tried to have a plot. In a way that only the writer could understand. But the script, however it was developed, was uninspired by real events. They used many of the same ideas that Shakespeare had used in Romeo and Juliet. They went to the beach, but they did it in an intelligent way. But all of this happens without any real characters. There were times where things were so obviously bad and uninteresting. The characters were wooden, but the script was as thin as cardboard. The dialogs were uninteresting and had the same amount of development. They were not even developed by the writers. But Shakespeare would have worked better if he wrote about this movie. This is just the beginning of the waste of the entire movie. They had all the same characters, but I couldn't say that because they were actors. And they are at least intelligent. But I'm not sure what the writers did with them. I gave this movie a two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt at recasting the whole movie on a scale with a total disregard for the viewers' time. There is nothing better to do with the time. It is one long boring ride through a movie that just does not go anywhere. That is pretty much better than wasting one's time. The other half of the movie was shot in grainy Technicolor and the sound design was bad.  This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. The story is predictable and the dialogue is not as bad or unfunny. If you don't care about that, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a really bad, crappy movie! It's only possible to dislike and pity, but it's still a bad thing because people are like this. The only thing I saw was the acting in this movie. But it really just looks terrible when it's supposed to, and the director's just looking around the corner to make sure no-one has the sense to act like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film will be worth the rental price alone, but it is an amateur piece of amateur film from the first two films, so its not worth watching.   It   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't think the film is a joke because of the music and the writing. They are better than they've ever been before. The jokes are worse than the acting.  I just wanted to say to the writer and director, you have to admit it's pretty funny to have a film that's directed by someone who can act and direct. But to think they really were the problem, the actors could be the problem. The problem I have with this movie is that it's so incredibly bad. And when the camera is set up to look at the camera, there's really a lot more to say than a lot of "this camera is so bad, this is so really bad".  I don't know if it was supposed to be one of the worst films ever made. It's still kinda bad. The only other problem I can think of is one of those things that had nothing to do with the characters or their situations. The characters are like cardboard characters, I mean it, there is really nothing to work with at all, but this film was terrible. The acting is awful and the only problem I had was not in casting, but rather in trying to figure out what was wrong with it. This film was really bad, but not all terrible. There are still too many mistakes to be made in the film and they only work with 2 people who are really in the wrong. I really want this to go back to the "The Grinch" and put it in the "Angels In the Outfield" movie. But don't bother. I just want the rest of us to know how the writers and the director went from making a film with no story and no story to making a horror film that had no story at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I don't know about you. This movie could have been a perfect example of a bad flick.  The movie was directed by the author of the book. So, I suggest you read the book instead of watching this. But, it just a complete waste of time, from beginning to end. The only thing that makes it worse, but this movie only has the potential to be the worst film of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of young actors, and the whole movie is shot as if in the middle of a desert. I cannot say I was expecting something like that. The acting, camera angles, costumes, sets and the acting are horrendous. The characters are poor. In the final scenes, the characters appear so unconvincing, I can see the actors playing these parts. The supporting actors are just as average in their incompetence and in their ability to make me laugh.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie I wanted to see what the rest of the cast was like...I thought this cast was terrible but the only actors I was interested in were the female ones. This cast is about people who have made the same mistakes twice...but the problems that arise when trying to get people to do the same thing are just terrible.  Unfortunately for that cast, it's the only way you can see the problems. However, the movie doesn't have any problems. It just makes people think. It's not a movie for teenagers to enjoy...it's for people who don't care.  The problem is that people who watched this movie were disappointed to see that people didn't care what the cast were like or how this cast had been cast...it was supposed to be a "bad movie". It's sad because people thought the rest were terrible...it doesn't mean people actually did. The movie is so badly made that people gave it a 3 instead of a 1. The writer tried to get the people who wrote the movie to try writing a script like this...but it doesn't make people hate it or think the cast had some talent.  I have a theory that most people who rated this movie low were people who had to put up with the mistakes they made because they had to make a movie with terrible writing that is the result of the movie. It was also disappointing because, when people gave this movie a 1 out of **** or 0 out of 0 then people thought that was some bad movie because they needed to put in some kind of character development for a movie...they gave it 2 out of 4 because the characters were bad...they thought the actors were terrible. It took away from the other cast by being an awful movie about a group of people who can make friends easily and then later fall in love...but if they had seen this cast it would have been OK but the problem is the characters aren't like the main characters...and you have to feel for them...because they have no talent...  If you have a brain you'll hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title track, "The Girl That Dripped Me," is so terrible, but this title track has to have the same name as it was. The title song, "I Got Rhythm," has to be the only other time the name "I" has appeared. The theme song is titled "The Sound of Life." The name "The Girls Next Door," is not used in this title; "I'm So Happy," is. The Girls Next Doors is so called because they know where to find the Next Door Girls. But this title isn't for a good movie, but because they are so terrible. The girls are so mean and their parents are so kind and loving; the title track is a bad song and "I Hope I Could Make It," is one of the worst songs in the movie, with all of the other girls singing bad lines to bad songs and saying very harsh words. The name itself is terrible and the "I Wish I Could Put It Behind My Back" track, in case the title wasn't horrible. The track that follows the title song is awful and the theme song isn't bad and the title soundtracks are terrible and painful. I'd like to say something about a girl who doesn't know anything and gets pregnant and dies.  But "I Could Make it Behind My back" was written to make the title the girl's, but no girl had ever even thought about trying to make something behind her back. The kids were mean. "Pleasantville," "My First Year of Graduation," "Spring Break," "I Wonder How Long It Will Last," and "My Second Year of High School" are the best songs in this movie.  The worst part of this movie is when they start talking to each other and realize that they have to tell each other the names of their parents and they all have to sing the names one by one. And no, the children have no names, but they don't really know how to.  I've always thought "Spring Breakers" was the worst movie ever and I thought that the film was about the girl and her mother. But I really don't know what I am talking about. The movie is so pretentious and so poor, because they all act like little children and have no respect. So the only thing about the title could be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "A beautiful night in the countryside is always a good movie," said Gackt. "You will laugh, I know you will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was an average I saw from a cinema and was really expecting a movie without any nudity.  The only one I know of that I saw with the full naked body was of a woman, who I thought was pretty hot and who was only too happy when they felt it.  There was no nudity in the movie, but it was not the best of movies.  A total of 6 people died, but their deaths were not as good as in the first film, which was one of the worst films I've ever seen. It is a very horrible movie, and I don't want to think it's an average horror film, but I'm not going to watch it if it's a bad film, since the acting wasn't bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is what you get when you turn the channel on after two hours of TV. It's not even that terrible. But, if you are a "Hollywood" film buff, go back and watch "This Is What You Get When You Turn The Channel On After Two Hours Of TV". Go back, watch "It's The Only Movie Worth Watching".  I will not waste my time writing about this movie. I will write another review about another movie. This is a "B-Movie" which will appeal to the "Hollow Point" fan.  "Haven", "Scooby Doo", "Hannah Montana" and "Maddy O'Grady". The acting and the story will appeal mainly to those who have not seen "This Movie".  The "Hodet" character who was the "good guy" has more screen time. If you are "entertaining" yourself with the "New Generation", go see "The Movie". And don't waste your money on the movie. You will enjoy it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film really does not show the first and last of several major flaws of The Movie: The director tried to show the real flaws, which would explain how he could have changed the ending, which was badly put together, but unfortunately the story is all based on events which happen in the actual movie. Unfortunately it shows a bunch of different problems which he's going to get fixed by an alien species.   In conclusion: this is what the director of THE BATTLEFIELD EARTHSHIPS had to say: It is also an experiment in futility which shows what a bunch these people are, but you have to be willing to accept it.  The film ended just after the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a bad rip-off of a horror movie, but then the movie just abruptly got canceled. The only horror we saw was the acting, but there was nothing I could really say I liked. I am very easily pleased when watching something like this, but I am only a kid who thinks he wants to waste your time watching a movie. But I didn't. I was like a kid expecting a lot from a movie, I had never read this horror. I think he may have.    I am also going to throw in one comment for the movie. When this movie was first released in 1996 it was a total disaster. This comment is an absolute joke because it is the only comment I have ever seen in almost 3 years. The worst comment I saw was one that said it had a lot going for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I am saying is this: I have seen the movie three times, and it's been the same movie since. My opinion is that it had a lot of potential, but if you really want to see a film that's not from the 70s, and not from a director like Stanley Cohen or Michael Caton-Murray, then you should see "Stardust" or "The Avengers" or the "Godzilla," so these are my top choices. The cast is a very bad actor, but there is nothing wrong with the screenplay, the music, and the special effects. If you have a small budget and don't want to waste money watching this film, then I'm telling you to rent "My Neighbour Totoro." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has to be one of the most illest movies I've ever seen. This isn't a total joke. It's not just bad - it's the worst of its worst problems. The acting is atrocious and the story is as bad as bad at worst possible, but the movie has many problems in common with the other movies.  This movie is bad, but this problem is way worse then anything I've had to endure in the first half-dozen films I've seen since I was six. It makes absolutely no sense at all. It really is a waste of time to read, but reading it I've never had a clue what the plot was.  If this movie had been released, I would have laughed out loud the first time I saw it. I think it is way too long to be a movie at this point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I was expecting it to be terrible. But the movie isn't very funny. It's way too long. The actors are bad and the dialogs are bad.  But it's one thing that I regret in this movie because I couldn't get in, in the end. This was too long and there was no story. I am not getting that tired at all. The movie gets boring and it doesn't make the movie worthwhile. The story is the main thing. This movie doesn't help either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some movies critics have dubbed this one of the worst movies ever made. The script is awful and the dialog is awful. It's not because they got bad script, but because they had nothing else to say. A lot of people like this kind of film, but it wasn't for me or anyone. The plot is atrocious and the script had me thinking, "oh my god I'm going to be on the receiving end of this movie until my last day". Unfortunately the movie was only 10 minutes long and the character development were weak and I wasn't even remotely entertained. It was a shame when you consider that the film was released to theaters in the middle of July 2005. It is the only movie I will watch and I will leave it at that.  The actors were all so wooden in the first 10 minutes of the film. And if you didn't like this film, then buy the DVD and rent it.   The soundtrack was the biggest disappointment of the whole movie and the production values were awful. The story, cinematography, acting, costumes were terrible.  I can't believe this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the movie is completely devoid of any real action.  I am a huge fan of this movie, but this film is about two bad men who are on drugs and have gotten stoned. The actors are bad guys, the story is flat, the script is flat. If your looking for something a bit more out-there than the average of this film - if you're looking for that. It is as bad as a drug. But, there are no actual drug scenes, but it is about the two men, the two women, and the two kids who are caught in the woods, but all in all, it is completely fake and fake. I am not going to tell you how this movie is supposed to be. I mean, it's stupid to the point where it's not even funny - but it's also like a bad version of the worst drug trip you've ever been on. The movie is, I think, at its absolute worst.   I really don't understand how the guys and the kid can be so stupid. This is as fake as it gets. They just seem to be stupid - just like every drug trip, but without the real trip. Don't waste your time watching this unless you're really sick and just need some time to relax or take a shower. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was that a film like this had to be good because it had a lot of action. There were lots of scenes where two women are talking. The scene where the women are standing in front of the kitchen counter and the man walks out in front, just after the woman starts talking is a scene where he walks out and looks at the empty kitchen. There are some scenes where the men are speaking to the woman and the women look up and stare at the man. It's a pity this film is on my local Video store and there are no commercials.  I didn't know that it was from Romania. It only bothered me that the man is wearing a white shirt and the woman is wearing dark colored underwear, and that the women walk out of the house naked.  The women in this film walk out on their own naked and get into a car and start driving to the beach. I'm not sure if the men see it. There's a lot more going on than just a lot. I wish they'd just stay home and watch the movie. But if they want to, why not go to a restaurant and order a pizza. The guys walk out and start talking. And the girls are talking, too. And they're not nude. The film is so short, but it is not bad.    There are also a few scenes where a guy falls in a pond. The girl is talking to the guy and it is apparent that she is about to lose it. The guy looks down at the girl and thinks she is in the wrong. But we're talking about a movie that has a lot going on and not one where there's a guy in a bathtub naked. The actors are also very good. The girls are hot. They walk around and then they sit down. The idea is very odd. The worst idea is the guy being in the pool naked without underwear. It was not a hot idea at all. The writing is bad. But they are all average and they are very average. And not all women are hot either.  One of the men is talking about something so odd. He says that the guys in the movie are talking so much. There is one scene where a girl is lying in the bed and he is talking very loudly. The hot guy is having sex with the girl. The movie has a couple of other men in it. It also shows two women trying to have sex in a very weird place. But it doesn't show
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that could have made this movie work was the fact that the actors were terrible and inhumane.   I can see where this was going: a film about a young boy in a Japanese kindergarten class, who looks up to his classmates, who look up to him, and about a boy who, by mistake, accidentally shoots his classmates.  "Oh my God, it's an ordinary Japanese movie!"  The story is an interesting topic for a film.  I haven't seen this movie in a long time, but it was made in 1990. It is also one of the worst movies I've seen in years. I didn't like the movie. The only good part is the first one.  The acting was terrible (and by some people, the script wasn't) and the story didn't make any sense. It seemed like they were acting badly, and that's it for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not surprised that someone would pick this movie over the original. But for the sake of brevity and brevity I am, but only after reading this comment.  This movie is an embarrassment to say the least. And the people who made this film are an embarrassment. They should be ashamed.  But let me be honest. I'm a person who has been watching this movie religiously since it came out. I don't think anyone who made such a film would be called "The people who gave me a copy of the film" but "The person who gave him a copy is..." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this film is about: "Hannibal" (1996)   There is one scene which does not fit in the movie: it is at the beginning when an unknown woman (Van Damme), a nun (Christine Bellamy), a reporter (William Frawley) and a priest (Kris Kujala) are talking about a cannibalistic woman who is taking up residence at a hospital (the main character is a doctor who can't help her). What this documentary is about is a woman who, after being told that the woman who she had sex with was actually dead, goes on to have sex with him (she then finds out she was pregnant), in order to prevent the fetus growing up inside her. "HANNIBAL" (1997)  I do agree with the critic that this film had the potential for a better title than "HUNT HANNIBALS!"  It's no fault of the director, however. He should have made a better effort in explaining what the hell he was trying to say.  The cinematography is completely lousy. There are no lighting, camera work, or anything else in the film which could have saved it from being a low budget black comedy. It's not even really that funny, but it was a very poor excuse for a low-budget movie. I would advise against viewing this with friends because you really don't have a clue when you are trying to have a conversation. " HANNIDELA!"  A very poor film: I have to confess I did not care for this film. It was absolutely poor when compared to "HILLHEM" (1995), but even the cannibalism itself was a joke.  What "HALL HOLIDAY!" should have been about: the original title "Holliday" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can tell you from the start, that this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen, but i can also tell you what the movie has meant for the most part. There is so much going on and everything feels forced, forced and fake. It hurts my eyes.  If you were a fan of this movie, do yourself a favour, don't.  It is the worst part of a movie i've seen since i've been watching movies for over a decade. but i know some movie that was just the worst. but don't waste your time and read the comment, the movie's comments, the forum and the comments. the comment doesn't help, it is a waste of time and i don't regret watching it, and if your watching the whole movie it is the WORST comment i've EVER SEEN, and most of the comments don't even compare, but they are all horrible and I don't think they are even.  The worst thing about this movie is the music which has been around for years. the music isn't even worth the movie, but the music sucks.  And the bad movies's are the worst movie i have EVER SELLED    It will bore you to tears in a hurry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this movie is not a joke. It's supposed to be funny. It really sucks!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies ever, but I haven't seen this movie in a long time. You can find it on Netflix. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing to do with a plot of a woman who suddenly falls asleep and wakes up, but I'm not a big fan of the idea. But the fact that it has nothing in common with the woman who falls asleep or wakes up? The story is more of a joke (how many times has she been in her sleep or gone back to her room when she had fallen asleep? She was not in her room?) and the actors were not in the least bit of acting.  It's about a man who, without any explanation, decides to kill all the people around him. It's an uninteresting movie for kids and for anyone who likes a joke. The script is poor, but the movie was a bit like a kid's version of Sleepwalk with a few more laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Scoop" was a funny movie because the characters are so stupid and the movie director made an attempt to remake his films, but he just keeps going on about the characters' inability to laugh without saying "I'm gonna stop this guy from making a million and half of them". So if you enjoy this kind of humor (i know it was one of those flicks that is way below average).  The plot is predictable, but the comedy is much of the same. So watch this to see if you like it and get a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, it is in fact a good idea to have some fun.  The acting is OK. The special effects are OK, but there's only one scene in the whole movie that's very bad, iirc. I could not believe what i was watching.  I like this movie.  There is no plot, but the only plot is there.  This movie is like the rest of the movies. I am just not as high as watching the movies, but this movie is just terrible, i think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say that "Scary Movie" has any special powers because they can't make it. But if they could make it would not matter if their intention was not to shock you to death with an ice sculpture.  I can tell you right now if you gave me $20 this week you can buy me dinner with friends (but they will leave you alone) because they know I have a brain disorder that makes me hate them and it's the only time I will listen to anything they have to say. It has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have not seen this movie (not the movie you were supposed to) you will have no idea what to do when you get a chance to rent it.  The movie is the only thing that is truly bad, as I stated earlier, but even that movie was made by the people that wrote this crap. They were supposed. But if you do not see this movie, you don't really get anything out of it. They do get a couple of laughs. And don't believe me. You will find it funny when they call you a fag and a faggot, but the movie is way too long.   If I could have the movie back, I'd re-shoot it. If anyone can make a better movie, it should have been made. I've heard that the actors were "cheesy" but I didn't watch the movie.  My Grade: "A" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to laugh out loud because of the title "The Lonely One". The Lonely One's a real person. But I laughed out loud when I found that this wasn't going to be a comedy of life - but rather a comedy on the "the world of dreams". But it doesn't seem possible. But when you get to the bottom of the movie, you don't laugh when you realize that the world of "dreams" has become so far removed from reality that dreams can no longer exist.  I mean, you really don't want to, do you?  "The world of nightmares" has only just begun to invade the world - which is only natural. But why is this movie a comedy? Why is it a tragedy? Why do I think that this movie is a comedy?! Why are we making jokes about people who live in the world where dreams take the form of animals?  But then I found out that this is an animal film for kids, and it was painful to realize that we have created a new age for the "world of dreams" which is the "The World of Dreams". Then I found this out - why do we even care about it? I think the answer to that question has already been answered. But even then, there was no way to figure out the meaning of the whole thing.   The world of the "World of Dreams" is one of the most popular themes in this film - but why do people who lived in that world choose to go back to it? What is the purpose of this world - to just make you want to die? "The Lost Ones", the people who have chosen to live in that same world, are the people living in the "real world". But then, why do they choose to die when the real world doesn't do anything to them? Why are there many people who are living in that "real" world who choose to live forever in the land of "Dreams"? They are trapped there. "The Dreamer" is also a joke - but there is no actual reason why they should have to go through life in the real place of "the real world" (although in "the World of Nightmares", there are many things to choose between), but they just want to live with a "new type of "world".  There are many parallels in the film with "The Last Mimic" and "The Possessor", but the story line is vague and unclear - so I think
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some say that this film, while extremely dull, is so bad. The only one that is a lot more predictable and in some ways more entertaining than this one.  The only reason I thought it was a little boring. The movie is, if I can say that, the only movie I've ever been watching that is like this, but it has nothing to say.  This movie is way, way more than the typical horror movie and in my opinion a lot less than the average horror movie that's only 10 years removed from a couple of people screaming and gagging until the person on the receiving end of it dies or is killed by something. This is a huge disappointment but there's not many people on either side of the fence screaming "WTF?!?".   If you're a fan of this film as I was, give it a shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I will not be surprised when you turn off the TV. I think I'm an expert when it comes to this and it comes out of nowhere and no one will ever notice that it is not one of his own movies and he only makes money off of that. I am not even close to getting my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Holes". This is the type of movie, and not for a joke. It's for a serious comedy purpose. You see people getting into trouble when they go into the house to see a relative's friend. There are a few jokes which I will try to translate.  The actors were decent. The story was a bit boring and the characters were at their best. But that wasn't enough to save this film from being one of the worst. You get to see bad writing, bad jokes, and a few laughs. I don't know what the hell "Hole" was. I am sorry that I wasted 2 hours of my life in this mess of a movie, but that isn't enough.  This film had a couple of good quotes. But the writing was so bad. It really wasn't.  If you like a joke, it's a waste of a waste. This is one of those movies that you should rent if you have nothing else.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I found that was particularly disappointing, despite the fact that it had been filmed by Robert Downey, Jr., he'd never been nominated for any Oscar. He's a little too old for the Oscars, but the best and biggest movie of all time is the first, but it only made it to the top because it was a really big movie and it's a really horrible movie, but I'm going to go over the first film of all times, but that first film is a truly terrible movie. The only flaw that I could find was to try to find anything that had any relevance to the events in the first two films, but no one could come up with a good movie.  The script is so bad, but you won't get any enjoyment from it.  And if you think the actors were bad, you'll hate yourself for it. The two main characters are the same and if you're going to spend money on this movie and you're expecting anything to happen, then, I say, avoid this. I really don't care what you think of the first 2 films.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie was made when the studio was trying to sell the first installment to TV. But in order to promote this movie and keep it was made into a film that was only available on cable. But because it is a waste of time it didn't have to be.  I don't know why it was called "Dead Man Walking." But I'm a zombie fanatic and after watching the first two episodes it was not even worth watching.    The first episode is the worst that I've ever wasted my time. But unfortunately this episode was a waste, and at the end the rest of the movies was a joke.  So watch it if you're bored and have no time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was one of the worst I've ever seen - the sort that's probably why most people actually sat thru this movie, but this film is, in my opinion, one of many examples of film making that's gone wrong since it's been released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first mistake was to take the plot seriously when it was time to write the sequel to The Prodigy. There are many parts to the story - some serious, and some silly, though, but they all fail to provide a coherent summary. But at the end of the movie, a bunch of bores try to escape a mine, but get stuck in a trap, and the guy decides to help them out.  The plot - it's an incredibly unfunny idea - but at the same time it doesn't make sense and it just isn't interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, which is so badly written, is not. The movie is awful. But it is.  The dialogue is bad. They talk like a bunch of morons.  And the writing is atrocious. It is a waste of time.   The movie has a couple of decent and very talented performances. They don't sound much different from what we have already heard from a couple dozen actors.  Even the dialogue is so thin. It has been said that the main story line is incoherent, it has been told that the characters are wooden. They are not wooden. But the plot is the main problem in the movie. The character development is awful bad. But I guess if it sounds like I am talking to myself and the script sounds like they are speaking to a baby. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the release of this movie, I am going to write it off as a waste of celluloid, and will use it as an example of how to do it again.   This movie is the first one that I've ever seen that I can honestly say I'm very, very disappointed. And it's just a disaster. The premise and the acting are the first thing I noticed.  This story is terrible. The story line is awful and will be terrible because of it. So much so that it will be horrible. The script is terrible and the script is awful. The movie is stupid bad because it lacks suspense. No plot. The special effects are awful because the special effects were so crappy and the characters are very wooden. The camera work was terrible because this was a low budget film.  And this is really a waste. I cannot express my utter disappointment at this because it's a film that is not meant to be as bad movies at all. But that's it. The only way I could, would be a waste because of the writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film itself, on IMDb (not my own site) is called, "The Girl in Love" - I've seen many of these films that seem to be completely unbelievable. This film really doesn't seem like a cult film - it really doesn  Not my worst film I know I know it.  The actors are very unknown - but the story is totally bad - but I've never seen anything remotely as bad, "so bad" bad. It's so bad and idiotic, that I knew it had been written by an experienced writer. This movie is so idiotic. The ending (at the least) could have been written without resorting to idiotic plot. But I don't think it was written by a 14 year old who was the same age as myself.  If you can think of any other stupid thing I've written since then - it was a stupid waste of celluloid. The characters were bad, and the plot was stupid bad, which explains why this film was bad, but that's only because it seemed so.   But it really didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is simply terrible, and the movie is a joke. The script is predictable, predictable, cliché-filled (albeit, at the same time), but the humor is terrible, if not dull and predictable, but dull and self-indulgent.  For a joke you have to turn the movie off, or at least turn the sound off. But in that case it's only funny if you think you know the jokes.  The movie is mostly devoid of anything and everything that we can possibly conceive. I've read this before, in class, and it was terrible. But to do that you have a whole lot more writing to do, and I'll happily give that a chance.  If you want to see "The Cat in the Hat", watch "The Proctology Exam" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only went to see this movie to see a movie for free!  But this is not the worst movie I've ever seen. This is just a bad film I cannot express my disappointment about.   The acting is amateurish. They didn't learn from "The Blair Witch Project" and the casting is amateur and pretentious and the script is pretentious. The special effects are amateurish (the ghost is laughable). The film is dull and it has no purpose. The story is incoherent.  I saw this movie on a VHS with the original cover art. The DVD case is not dull or pretentious, but the movie starts out in a way that makes no sense whatsoever.  If you want to waste money on this movie you have to decide whether you're in the mood to waste your money on it or waste your time wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this film looks to be a waste of time and space: A space station is attacked by an invading robot and the crewman who is piloting it. This robot has its own unique looking design with a few gaps between its panels and a red "bullet" at the end of the robot's barrel.  The space station design is interesting: It looks much like "Robot Unicorn" and the pilot (Zak Lowe) looks similar to "Boomerang". The two robots (one is an older and slower version of the first robot and one is an old model) are the most striking and the robot man looks like a little boy.  As an aside: the robot has been shown in a bunch of different ways and for different purposes. The animation, script and voice-work were okay, but the rest of the film is fairly unremarkable, and the story and acting were at times, and in some cases, much worse.  I had high hopes for this film. I could tell you to put the pieces together into a coherent movie and it's probably a waste more of time than this movie was.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed with "RATMAN" (and I'm sure "RATSMAN" will be even worse). The ending is bad. The music was terrible. The robot looks bad and the "robot" looks like he was trying to kill his friends and he also has a tendency to look really bad-looking.  So if you like this film, then go ahead and watch "Ratsman". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this first version of the original film "Tyson" is a black wrestler who is bullied by a mob of whites and Asians. The main theme of the film is that the white wrestler is a racist and an American Indian who is a wrestler.  The film is not the only one where Tyson is a good wrestler. The script and the direction are poor. The camera work is poor. As the film develops the story grows as it does every time I've seen it.  This first version is awful!  There's absolutely nothing you could say against this first release. The dialogue is terrible.  It's very unfortunate that this film was made about a white wrestler in the wrestling world and it's extremely disappointing to see Tyson in his wrestling world who is the best wrestler ever. I don't know what happened to him. There are many holes in his story and it just doesn't add up. It's almost like watching a movie about a bully who beats his bully merciless. The film does not deliver to anyone who is too young. You see Tyson is just getting pummeled, and he is getting puked on.  If you read this at a 3 year old in the book it will scare you straight. You will hate him, but that is really nothing new.  He does go to the top, but he doesn't get his revenge! I'm sorry I didn't pick on Tyson!  If your looking for a copy of the first film, skip this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The only thing that stands out is that there are no more mistakes, but nothing else happens. When you make the mistake of not seeing the mistake, you're not alone. If you don't see this movie, you are going to see several mistakes. The writer never explains why he made the mistakes. He doesn't explain the mistake that was supposed to have happened because of the mistake. It didn't happen because of this movie. The mistake didn't even happen! But the mistake he made was not the only thing he made! He also made the mistake when he wrote a positive review about "Dog Days". The writer makes the mistake again in the end when he said he had nothing. There are no real mistakes made in the movie! "Dog days" were great in their own right, but the writer is not in fact responsible for making any mistake. The mistakes he made were the mistakes made when he made this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts at one point: "I wanna kill you guys". It's like The Police Are Out, but it's only because they don't know that you're going to get killed. But this is only the worst example of the film's problem. It's more than possible to make something out of, but I don't believe it to be possible to solve. I can't fathom a "The Police Are There", but "The People Are There" should be the answer, but that's no big deal.  This is just bad. I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an extremely poor example of a problem: the lack of money and the lack to pay for it with borrowed money, for what ever purpose the plot and the action of the movie has a bearing on the film, but nothing can compensate for the sheer amount of time it would take to produce a full feature movie.  One of the only characters of any note is the one played by the star who plays Mr. Benet (played by George Clooney and Susan Sarandon) with a lot of emotion in her eyes, but it's nothing like the usual Benet who's just not able to play with the rest of the cast. The plot is weak in this movie, but the script is dull, the direction weak and the acting is bad as one expects from an action movie. It's a very weak movie in a very bad way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are so wooden, but the story is so weak. But the film fails miserably, but then we have to wonder why anyone thinks this story was in the middle east.  A very disappointing aspect is the music played in the background. A large number of people play saxophone throughout the film, and then we are treated to a couple of very bad scenes. The saxophone playing is so bad and the rhythm so wooden (so wooden that it is in some cases so much worse) that it doesn't even have a name.  There is nothing to recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is atrocious. I think they should have kept the original series going after "The Secret of NIMH". However I am a huge fan of "The Phantom Menace" and "Star Wars Episode III" as a kid. It was terrible that way. The original "Attack of the Clones" was an insult to me as I was six and this movie was a total disappointment.  There was nothing more to say about this garbage and this film was only the 2nd worst movie I have ever felt cheated out of. This film could have used more of the "original series" than the original "Star Trek". I can't imagine why they wouldn't have used the whole "Star Ships of the Line" as "The Clones". It's one of those movies that I have seen dozens of times and that made me hate this series so badly.  "Attack Of The Clones", "Star vs. the Force Of Evil" and other Star Trek series and films are terrible and not-so-bad and this is one of the worst films ever to be made (which makes me hate Star Trek). I'd say this series of films should be canceled because of its lack of a real story line or because of "the original series".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No idea. I have seen the original version in "MTV Mystery Science Theater 3000", but i can say this is pretty much better than that. The plot is weak, but the movie is only OK and not the greatest disaster.  I think the biggest disaster of all, but i am not one of those people who thinks we should be learning to hate the whole movie. It is so horribly bad. But the fact that it is supposed to be a movie and not a movie at the end of the movie means its still a movie, it isn't a movie the end itself, it is a movie.   I love these movies, i still hate the original "I'm Not A Man" movie. I can only imagine what i would have given to have this movie last on the DVD. I am glad i knew what to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Cajuns". This is the only one thing I have seen that actually had the name "Kirby" or "Patton" in the title.  The Cajun is what is known as "A real animal". However, the animal of the book was not the animal seen in this film. The animal looked the same as the Cajunt and the animals looked the right way, but there were Cajunts (and other animals) that were "Kirin", "Carnal" or just plain "Cary". However if the animals were meant to be in the book, they were supposed to look like they were actually in the right place. This is why the animals would be in different places but not the Cattle.  But as the characters' ages progressed they changed into animals (like a Caju and a Cary) so they were like a real animal. The Cattle had a life expectancy of a cow so it was not supposed to be the same animal but the Cawneys seemed to be a "real animal".  The animals in the novel looked like they had "two lives", but not like they did in this. It had a bad ending and it was very confusing in what it was saying. The other animals and the characters are more like a "movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for something that would keep me from falling asleep with my head in my mouth. But I couldn't even begin to describe the utter failure of this film to me in any other words I could think of.   In conclusion: Avoid, avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is weak and the actors are weak...well...like a lot of American movies I've seen it on T.V.  I can't believe I wasted my time watching this film, but if you're under 16, I can.  If you want to watch this film in English, the DVD menu will have you covered.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what about the plot? If the movie starts in the morning, you'd better believe I'm exaggerating. It. No wonder it's called such a big production. It sure is, but then so does such a lot of other movies. It's like a huge production.  I had no idea why the movie went to theaters, but it's a movie made in many countries where there is no "film culture", but instead, "video culture". The acting was OK, but there was so much worse that it was difficult to understand.  If you want to see such a production, don't. Don't waste your money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think it's a joke and I can't believe that when I rented this movie, they put it in their DVD player. I've never seen this film, but I think its the first movie I've ever seen with a "horror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the only way I know how to see this piece in a way that I can say I really liked it. The movie was not very good, but neither was the movie very badly directed, but it very boring.  This was a really lousy movie to pass the time with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this movie is based on real life events is a waste of time because it's very boring and not because it could be made into a "classic" TV series. But then they would have to change the name of the show or hire someone to do it, but the name change would be for the world. The new name would have the potential of becoming a classic TV series, but it would be too late.  The plot line is one of the most popular genre of film in North America, but only one of hundreds of movies that have been filmed in the U.S.A. since the early 1960's. But this movie has a bad name and a very bad script in a series of movies which is unfortunately very slow to develop and very boring. In fact there's almost no dialogue in this movie. The movie is boring and the acting is flat and the movie is not a bad film.   This movie has no purpose whatsoever and the cast isn't even OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this one, the characters are a bunch of four friends who play a prank on each other's best friend.  "The four friends" play "the game" (the game is not too far removed from the prankery) and there are two main "suspects". The suspects are actually "playing the game".  And "the pranksters" who played the game for the first time are the actual "suspicious pranksters". They play against each other for money, but the "game" itself is an incredibly stupid game. This movie is just terrible, boring, and stupid! The three main suspects have their main roles, but this movie is about them, in case you were wondering. This is what I thought was the stupidest joke in this movie. However, it isn't. This might be the movie to make your skin crawl with boredom and frustration. If you can, avoid this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting this movie to be the worst movie ever, then watch this movie just to be safe. This movie is just bad and unoriginal, but I just don't understand this movie...and I don't care.  The rest of the movie is simply boring and uninteresting, but when the credits roll, you get to see two of my favorite scenes: the one where the girl's parents are arguing, and the one in the house where the family is talking.  But the story has become boring and repetitive and it's not possible to care about them. The movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember the first season of the original series as if it was a horror film, but it was way overrated because it was on cable. This is not a horror documentary but a film but a terrible movie of a bunch of little kids who are going to be taken away from this island and their foster mothers are given the option of taking them to an island where they will be put in a cage or put on a plane to the mainland to be brought back to their parents. In that case the foster mothers will take them and try to raise them there.  Unfortunately, there are a lot of people who will be taken by the little kids and then they will go to a place where the foster mother has a big gun to shoot them. But unfortunately they are not going to go back there to be put on board an airplane and flown to the place where their child is going to live with the foster mom. It is all very confusing.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to waste my time and say, "oh, it looks like one of the "worst movies ever".   Unfortunately, it is so boring, that it's hard to tell if your watching is a comedy show.  I know this is a pretty slow, "I was watching it to find out that there was something funny and original in it, and in a way that I couldn't explain, you can tell that I have a sense of humor, but it's pretty lame.  The problem I have with this movie is that, though it is supposed to be a comedy series, it ends after 3 years, and the comedy has changed, but that's about it. In fact, the only jokes I heard were a few jokes that were "too short" that I could understand. There wasn't much humor in the whole series. The only thing this movie does is get better than the rest of the jokes that it already delivered.  As I said, it doesn't take 3 years to see a comedy change, but this was boring in the way the whole movie was.  But don't waste your time with this. This is not.   The other movie I've seen that was bad at jokes, it was actually terrible, but not at a boring pace, but boring. There is an amusing aspect to the premise.  All in all, this movie did a good job at trying to make it an even better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is bad, but the movie is awful and the movie was terrible. It's really a terrible waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know what movies it is. This is a very small selection of movies that was released in 2002.   The only one that should be of interest here is a bad one. However, the plot drags along on the way.  The problem is that this is a really bad movie, but it also drags on the entire premise. But if the movie is supposed to be a whole piece of art, it has to stick with the storyline. In fact, it drags right along, and the production values are low, and there are some shots that were so bad, there really are. But I still do not think this movie is worth renting or buying, and it's just about as bad as a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of times i was annoyed and disappointed by this movie, but i wasnt going to watch it. it wasnt even funny.   It!    I am very disappointed that you can have only ONE movie in a week, but unfortunately this movie lasted about five minutes.  I know it was bad when compared to other movies. It was so bad it ended up on the toilet. If only they had told me what i was watching was actually garbage. That is, if you hadnt told me to watch this movie i would of asked myself what i could have possibly expected from it. I know that in the beginning the movie is so bad and idiotic i cant understand it... its like an insult or something. The actors seemed to of spoken English wouldnt be the worst of it. i cant believe this would of been made for no reason, the plot seemed to have changed a lot since the beginning, but it was not as bad, but they sure was not likable to watch either.  So if you see a movie called the Dead Man Walking or just watch it for the laughs.... go ahead, and if you are like me, keep your money in your mouth, you will not be laughing and if your bored of this movie you will. Its like a comedy version of an anti american movie, except its way better then comedy. the original wasnt this funny, but its a pity its only on 1 star since its like its a parody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Funny" movies is very predictable. There is no comedy at all, but the jokes are lame. The director obviously didn't have a clue about the difference between an old and a young man, but he sure didn't do a very good job. The whole movie seemed like it was set in the middle ages, but at times it seemed very artificial, and I couldn't see the humor for what it was. The characters seemed to act like this because the writer had never spoken before.  It could have been a very funny comedy, but it didn't deserve the "Fool" in the title. The humor in "Fools" is weak, but when it comes to the story it becomes annoying. The movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just the worst film I've ever seen. If you have any sense, you will avoid this.  I'm sorry that this is so bad (at least, I am). But to be honest, the main problem here is how to make a movie that's not boring and how to avoid making a movie where the actors are all white and the characters are all Asian (all of them, including Jang who is Chinese).  There's not a single good point to this movie. Just terrible! The only problem that I have with this movie, is the fact that it is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie. It is so horrible because it tells the story of a young woman who, by her own admission, has gone through a whole lot of painful experiences in the past five years. It It It.  But, this movie is bad in a way that makes me want to write a positive review about some horror movie. I give it a 1 because there are so many things I can say that make it so much worse for me to write.    I give the movie a 1, but only because I can't believe that it is the worst of all films I've ever seen. I'm not going to start quoting the plot line, but instead, I'll say that the movie was not scary in the least bit, but it was not that I can feel some real fear.  It's a lot better to me than to anyone else.  This movie could have been just a horror movie, but was awful, because I think the actors were acting badly, but for those who are looking for something a lot worse is better than a lot of fear. This movie is the type that has nothing to recommend it, but is just a piece of garbage film about someone who is in the same situation and it was made before a lot has been made in the last fifty years.  I'll give the entire movie a 3 out of 10 because, yes, it is about a guy who is a serial killer who murders at least one person every other day.  The movie is, in the end, about a woman who kills people for no reason and is scared that they will all die or be killed at her hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the first installment in the series, but this is the only one of many examples of film where the audience is treated like animals. This movie is like Animal Farm. In fact, the main theme of the series is animal cruelty. But the animal cruelty is still a part of the premise. The film's ending is so obviously an animal cruelty ending. If you're willing to take the animal rights message a lot further, you will enjoy the series. It's a bit disappointing that there is no story line in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But to be a true horror-movie fan, you have to find it. But the movie is so bad! This movie sucks.  The director and actors should have known better. That's what I'd do.   There is no character development whatsoever. It's not suspense. It sucks. It was it a movie with a budget?  If you really want to see the worst movie ever, you'd be better off renting this, but then I'd say you were not really paying attention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what movie it was based on, but you can bet they made it and put it out, if you want.  It, It's a bad idea.  I had never heard of this movie before, but I was very glad when I saw that this film had its own ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a real shame for me as I am so desperate for this movie, but I was so glad I had seen it the previous weekend, and saw that movie on the shelves at a discount price, but, this is one you really don't want to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story seems to have been reworked at different points in the movie: a mother (Toni Collette), her son (Brad Pitt), his sister (Tina Louise). A new film, The Mother (Jennifer Connelly), is a very annoying teenager, who is on the receiving end of some unpleasant treatment by the police, who then have no idea of what they are doing, and who is trying to make herself feel better. The plot is not one of the worst ideas.  There's too much wrong, and too much missing, and none of these things are new, but the movie itself suffers greatly from its illogical premises, and suffers from its lack of any intellectual honesty.  In the meantime, it makes no sense. The writing is horrible, the acting is terrible. I don't know why it's called a comedy, but, the actors are so inconsistent.  This film doesn't seem like it's made up of good ideas or coherent stories, and the movie is so bad that you can laugh so hard, it's hard to believe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Karate Kid", "The Way", "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", "In the Beginning" etc. etc.   "The Dead".  I know, its a lot of boring special effects. its very clear that this movie needs to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen. It is the movie most known for all the horrible stuff that the story is about. It can be in a couple hours.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this film's a failure, because the director's trying to do something a little bit. But if you're thinking that's the only reason to watch this, don't waste your time.   I mean, even though they're doing it is terrible.  If you're not into the whole concept, don`t waste your money. It has its moments of humor, but it's not enough to make this a failed movie, in fact it`s a failed film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say for sure about this movie is that the acting was terrible. But then it is not good and not at all. This movie is not bad.  The whole movie seems like one of those films where there is no plot whatsoever. But there is a lot of bad acting. Some of the bad acting seems to be just bad - but the whole thing seems to come off like a film with the actors playing the bad movie part as if they were the actors who played the characters in the original trilogy, but who are the actors in the first trilogy (or the sequel trilogy as the first one). This is not really a film, but it can be a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two years of the movie (1997-1999) were a great example of the disastrous effects of this film's shortcomings.   The story was, and will be, told.  The dialogue was poorly translated in Chinese, which was translated by the author's native tongue, but the dialog is weak in the direction of the Chinese.  This story has many flaws: the characters are weak, and the story is poorly developed, although the characters themselves don't act in such an unrealistic manner. The story is, as one would expect, told in a rather simplistic fashion. The director had some good ideas, although I think he did not put in many mistakes, but he did a poor job, but then, all we know is that he has made this movie, which is the reason why I have this opinion.  If you don't like it, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But wait, there's a twist. A character named "Polaris" who plays the role of "the bad guy in a thriller" comes off as an "extremist".  I would like to see the original director who directed "Silent Hill", "Bakeem". But I would also like to hear from the other people involved, who could have, in my humble opinion, made better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is your biggest problem with this movie? Is it because it is bad and because the script is bad, but then they make a joke? It Is Not.  If you are expecting a comedy or drama or something similar to this movie, you are missing the point. It is not trying to be funny or amusing at all. There is also little comedy to make up for the lack of drama and a lot of dialogue, which is so obviously awful in the film. The acting is horrendous, the story is ridiculous, and the songs are bad and annoying. If you like, stick with this because it will be better than everything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is ludicrously implausible because of the actors. It's not the first time a horror movie has been made. In fact it's not at all, but in order to be able to understand what happens it has to be told in order. The movie is so bad, so uninteresting that it's almost boring and there isn't any plot, it's about a group of people who are having a hard time dealing with life. Unfortunately this movie fails to tell the whole story and the story is simply bad, the characters are so poor, the acting so unconvincing and the actors are so awful, but it's really the film's fault if you ask me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to write this movie in 3 hours (because this movie was so obviously a good movie). The title is pretty much too long and it has some pretty weak points, but it has to be boring, but when it's boring you can do anything else.   I'm sorry, but that's just me, I didn't get to like it as much as most people think, but I didn`t like it either. The title could have had a better message than "this movie was one of the worst movies i've ever seen" because they didn't explain to me how boring, you didn't like it.  The actors and the plot are the main reason why I'm giving this a 2 for the title, it had to be a boring movie, it has nothing to recommend it beyond the title and the name was very long and dull, but nothing beyond that.  I can see this movie going for 3 on IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not made during the worst of the film-making era. This was made much better than it's predecessors and in many ways inferior to other films of its kind, but it still got by. This is still very low budget, though it is not really well directed. The sets and costumes are very cheap to use, but the story line is very weak in many aspects.  The dialogue is terrible, but this is only for those of us that hate our friends to death and have a bad idea of what we're in for.  You have two ways to watch this if you're in a cinema-going mood, but most people will probably want to see it because they like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I saw this film I thought it was the worst movie i have ever seen i have EVER SEEN in my life but since its release it hasn't had a chance. I gave it 3 stars because they are the worst. I can't think of one movie where the story was so bad...bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first trailer for this movie is quite the only real disappointment. However, the trailer for the movie is about as a waste of time in an uninspiring and unfunny way.  The film starts with a boy's dream sequence which is very typical. The script, dialogue and acting are among the least enjoyable parts of this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As for the other movies I reviewed here, the title was a rather lame and I was disappointed that I wasted my time. It. It was so bad and I didn't feel like watching it for the time I was missing.    I could see the movie because it had a very bad title (the title is actually written to match the sound of the word).  I've only heard this movie at the time of its original release in the United States. I think it's a very poor movie but it was so much of a bore it could have been made into a film in three hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I write this, I know exactly what is going to happen next. The film is titled "The End of The Story." What a disappointment.  The ending of the story is, in fact, so painfully predictable and contrived. I thought this film was going to be the sequel to "Tarantino's first feature film." "The Plot and the cast" are both terrible and so very predictable. The "plot" and the characters are very well played and I am glad I can laugh at the pathetic plot.  This is the kind of movie that I would want to rent even for a second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those movies-making disasters, but not a disaster, a disaster.  The story is so bad and the characters so bad, but then the character-actor plays the role of a reporter, which is the main point of contention, but it's a story of a man who is being investigated by the FBI and, as the story progresses, there is not much of this character-as-actor. He has the voice of a boy who's first words are just words to children, who may be more sensitive than an adult who hasn't read the script. The director has used the words "disaster", "death" and "vigilante" to describe the man, the reporter and the FBI. The ending credits do not even do him justice because the film has one of the worst clichés ever. I think they should use "explosion", but they still should not waste their time on this story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is simple: the director's partner lives alone and wants to be married and they have the same surname. They want to be known as the 'one woman'. He meets her when she is taking time off work to have her baby and then they go to the wedding where it is said that she is'so happy'. They want a better time off then they could have. So that she does not have to come back and have another baby.  The movie is boring. The story is a waste of time.  It's very hard to root for one of these films. The actors are too bad. The direction, script, sound design etcetera etceteras. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really was going to get this movie from Blockbuster, and was very disappointed by it was just terrible. I was just getting so angry and disappointed and angry when they put up that picture. This is about a couple of guys who have to deal with some kind of life problem. But this is all a load of b**f**ing.  The movie is a great low budget horror movie, and I only wish it was done in 2 hours rather than 1 hour. I mean, if I didn't get in the shower I could've gone in half an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this film over and over and even though the story line of the three protagonists is quite shallow, I find myself wondering about whether they should have been allowed to do something about it. The characters are mostly very boring and unlikable (except for the lead singer who, when his role was played by the lead actress of the previous movie, had the least difficulty). The music and song selection were fairly boring. And so was the acting and editing. So when I'm watching this film and think of the actors I've already forgotten that I can do better. I think they should stop writing and directing and get out.   I'm not saying this is a bad film. But I am saying the actors and the story were way overdone. The film had no real character. The story line was just way too slow and boring. The cinematography was poorly filmed and the music had way too much volume. The lead singer, however, was actually really, in my opinion, not that bad. He's about as unlikably as one could be.  Unfortunately, I have to say that all of this movie was filmed in black and white. They should have had a story line that is boring because they did. I just don't understand why I should care when the story lines are poor. When I was younger I had to wait for an entire film with a story where the lead is actually not an idiot. I couldn't understand what the hell they were trying to say when they said "We were supposed to see him!" I mean, even if I'd just had the audacity to think for one second, it would have been far more interesting to learn why it was written, which, by the way, has nothing to do with character development.  This film is very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the supermarket when it was first released on DVD. I'm very, very, VERY happy that it's "Best of DVD Purchase". But what would be so exciting for a child to enjoy? Would be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if you think the only film I've ever seen is the most boring "wanted" one, this isn't your film.  This isn't going to become a disaster because I've only ever seen one film and only seen what I wanted. That makes it's own, but it's not going to end. A film of this kind of stupidity is one of the worst. Not an adult. There was only one mistake (the casting was so bad, it made me sick and sick and that the actors were such a piece of sh*t). If this movie had been a big waste of celluloid, then this could have been the biggest waste of film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an ordinary viewer of a TV movie or a movie might have in mind? This movie is about how ordinary people react to people who are in the same predicament. People who are not in the situation are just dumb. This movie tries to force the audience to see the situation in a whole new light, but it is an incredibly painful exercise in the human rights violation and cruelty of power and oppression. It is not the case that any human in his or her right mind would react to this movie. There is nothing wrong with this movie and the human being in it is not "a little person".  The fact that it has no narrative whatsoever is simply pathetic and pathetic and completely unconvincing.  The actors are all average (not "famous" as others may claim), but the acting is so bad that it is difficult to believe they are actually actors. They are so wooden that it becomes a chore to have them type their lines over and over again and get them back into the same position in the beginning of the movie.  I'm really disappointed in myself for being a "little person" myself and I have to admit I was disappointed when I saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only film that I've ever seen and I have no idea why I would have liked it. But what the hell is this? It's a disaster!  I've seen a bunch of movies that had bad names. My rating for this film was low and it was the worst film I have ever seen.  But that is a really, really, REALLY awful film. So, that's really lame. And then you see that the movie only lasts like 5 minutes or so. It's an ordinary film. But it is a very bad film and I can't think of any other film that is worse than this.  I think you should go rent this film instead of "I Know the Devil". But, in my humble opinion, don't even get me started. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed because this was so bad. But I was soooo tired of it's funny! But if it's too funny it's like a comedy, but you have to be kidding me! But this wasn't just a comedy movie. It was also a big disappointment when you consider the movie as being a waste of time. This movie was sooooo awful and really the movie in the wrong is not funny. But the story was very thin. The jokes were bad either. Sooo sooo very, very annoying. They had to have been the best of the movie and the movie was not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't the only film to be disappointed.  I've seen a bunch of bad movies, but I can't say that I've ever laughed or laughed so hard that I felt the need to go out and get a box of Kleenex.   I am a fan of most movies comedies, and I'm a fan the whole time.  The movie I liked the most was The Naked Gun. The movie most people hated was Clerks. I am not in the least bit disappointed. It's a little hard to get laughs out of when you're a teenager, but most teenagers don't think about what you said in the past.  Some things were too much. I didn't understand why people hated Clercks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not in the least bit disappointed and would love this movie, but it is a mess. I really hate this movie. So, there you go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I have with the movie was the story and the dialogue...the film itself was, quite simply, a joke. I saw it in the theater. I found it offensive and unentertaining in the worst way. But, if that's your problem, it's a good idea to make a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very amateurish. The special effects were very limited and the characters were very wooden and uninteresting. The characters were all fairly normal, ordinary people with problems of their own. Some of them looked rather uninteresting, but their lives were too ordinary and the writing was poor and sometimes quite boring. There was nothing for anybody to see. The movie was not boring or clichéd. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I heard this movie was because I had seen it in a theatre. In the cinema, the actors looked like this.  It, but that's it.  There's an absolute joke in this movie: the jokes are terrible, because of this. The characters are also extremely unfunny. It's not that bad, but the acting is so poor, the special effects are completely artificial, the script is so poorly written, and the character development is extremely poor.  The movie is terrible, but this is just plain bad. The acting, story, directing, dialogue are really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 20 minutes, the camera cuts to a scene in the desert. Itself is a terrible and very boring, boring disaster. The actors are the only real problem. All of the dialogue is recycled, except the one when the desert is dry. It is boring and it's very, very slow, boring. The story is just boring, the main character is a "baggage" and we waste an hour and a half waiting for an Indian to die. The acting is awful and the characters are the worst they've ever known, except this time it's just worse. It's just a bad script that makes the movie impossible to understand (the first time I saw this movie I was surprised it made no sense). The main problem I had with this is the script was the way the film is set. The characters are so badly played it's not worth discussing, but you can't argue with the movie as it goes.  Unfortunately, the story is a joke. It has two characters who are neither Indian nor Pakistani, which is something the movie itself tried to tell. The film is so boring and uninteresting to waste your time, it just gets boring as hell. But that's all there is to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I saw this film before watching this film because I was a fan of The Blair Witch Project and, not really caring much for the plot, just because I can't write. The film was so bad, but it was bad, boring, boring. The whole Blair Witch-hunt thing was bad. I felt like I'm not in the mood for Blair Witch. This film was the last to make me think this film was as amateurish. " Blair Witch" is the movie that has absolutely everything that Blair Witch does to me. It's like I haven't seen anything in the last decade. I'm a huge fan of Blair Witch and the Blair Witch project. It doesn't really make sense to me, but this one is the sort of thing that would make you question your own faith.  Blair Witch isn't Blair Witch 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many problems in this picture, but the only one that I can say is really bad that I have seen it. In the end it, it's not funny at all. The film had a couple of great scenes that I didn't know. The movie had the original plot and the story was terrible, of course, terrible! I can honestly say that the script was not great at all, but it was just boring and the ending seemed uninteresting. The characters were also bland and a lot of comedy, bad movie making, and cheap acting.  It was not as poor. In fact, it really is that. The dialogue was terrible and poorly written. The main characters are terrible and cliché and they all looked the same, but only one of these three movies made me laugh and not in the least bit funny. The rest of them were so boring, that it made me hate myself for watching it. I really am just glad that I could afford to buy this and that I am not one of the people who bought this movie out of the blue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie doesn't do it justice. I thought it was a really bad movie and I wanted to say that it was. What a waste of! But that means that the movie is only 90 minutes of my life I would never get back. If you think this movie was the worst thing ever, then please tell me when you were 16. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. I can only say that this movie was bad. I would be amazed if any of the actors read books about ancient history.  What is wrong with history? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film doesn't really match any of the other films I've ever seen, but there is no plot line that I can follow. It just starts and ends with a series of events that are like the events of "Contempt", but with fewer of the points. The events of this one are so confusingly put together you will never know what's happening.  But it has a bad script. It's a shame I have to sit through this. It seems that the script is so badly written. And it's a sad day for the movie.   What can I say about this film: I have only ever heard of the movie on the big screen. And there is some plot. This is the kind of film that I would never recommend for viewing.  The director should get an "A". But I don't know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I am afraid of a couple of things that could happen because this is so very, very, a very "wrong movie." It It It it it it in a very wrong way it is. If I had seen this film when I was 16 (in the movie) it would have been my first introduction to this very "routine" of a movie.  I thought it was OK to say so. But after the whole fiasco, this one should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first comment I saw on the movie, "the main problem with this film is its depiction of sexual abuse. However, it it a pretty poor film, "not because it contains a lot of sex. The film starts in the middle of a forest, but "because of its terrible lack of character development, "The film is a little like "Breaking Dawn". This film is not at all that, but at least the actors are terrible, and the acting is atrocious. The director's choices are poor.  The only reason this film got my attention in the first place was because I saw it for free on TV.  This is not a movie to be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what was that supposed to be? A movie about two kids and their friends trying to make a family reunion, I was just about to start a family film. The two kids were friends, but they were not. They had a very annoying habit of making lots of little mistakes throughout the movie.  The kids are the most likely candidates for who was responsible for this mistake. This mistake was not due to the bad movie. It's like saying, "I bet that this mistake was the worst mistake they've ever made." This is one of those mistakes that can be the worst part of a big mess. I am amazed that I didn't lose my mind. This is so far-fetched that it's not even funny and you can't believe it. Don't say I did. They'll say I'm not supposed to believe the movie...I am not. I think that the mistake was a joke, but I can't say that. I can believe the kids thought it was a huge mistake, but that doesn't mean I believed it was real.  One more joke is that if the kids made a mistake in this movie, then the mistake didn't exist. They were supposed to have made a mess up and the two kids made such a mess that they had to stop being friends. In reality, the problem wasn't even that big. They said the two kid's would do it if they had any clue. And that's how you know you're in trouble with the two little kids. They made such mistakes. They didn't make any mistakes, but if you watch this movie over and over, then you know the kids are friends of the two boy. Then you will not be in trouble...don't. Don`t. Watch it and don`t think that because you think kids would. I'm sorry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie and the movie were so incredibly bad, that I couldn't watch it because I was too young. I was a huge fan of The Last Mimicking and The Mimicking Man. They are some of my favorite horror movies and The Last Men In Black were my favorite.  I would have given this movie a "9". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film that was directed by Peter Sollett and that it was directed as a documentary. The director is the only one who made a documentary which was not completely devoid of errors. This film had a couple of errors in it because the original version had many shots that looked like they were playing on a 3D computer and it is absolutely terrible. The movie had several shots that look like they are playing in a 3-D world and it looks like the shot itself is a completely different thing than the one the actors are actually playing on their actual stage. The sound was poor and loud. The songs were awful and repetitive, and the film looked like it was on the verge of a disaster.  The director says that his script was terrible and this film really was awful.   If you are a real film buff (like I was), don't waste your money on this. I mean come on. If you want to see a real documentary, you are going to love this film because it is so bad and the sound wasn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I thought it was a very dull and slow-moving movie, but I didn't really think it was.  I couldn't understand why anyone thought this film had to be a horror film. I mean, how would you?  You have seen some horror movies. I don't know why they made the leap to the horror genre in the first place. I know that the premise is not that well written, but it's that the execution is not scary. It's that people are not, for the most part, ordinary. The characters are ordinary, and I'm not going to try and convince you that you've not experienced death before. The script, characters are not ordinary. It just goes to show that there are different ways to go and different stories.  This movie has a very bad script, but no one in the cast is particularly interesting. You're just going to laugh because you've never heard anyone say or done anything that would get you killed.    If you really want to know why people believe this movie is the most of the movies, just watch this movie. I suggest you don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After this film I thought it was an example of a movie based on a movie that failed miserably on every level.  This was an unfortunate case of people who really were not able to get their way, but when they get there and they try to escape the reality and escape the situation it is impossible, impossible, it is absolutely impossible to do.   This film really wasn't supposed to be a disaster of a film. I had to get up off the floor of the theatre to avoid being trampled to death by people and then there was a long silent movie that I just HATED...    I have never seen such a long, silent, silent disaster. I have NEVER SEEN such a disaster! The whole purpose of this movie was to say to me that it was a waste of time.  And even if you're into movies, like I was, there is no reason you have to see this at all. Don't waste your time. If you want to see it, do yourself a favour and watch this movie, especially if you are a fan of bad movies! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A huge mistake, but with no action.  The acting was abysmal and the script was awful. You can tell that without going to the theater. You have no idea what to do with the characters. If they're the worst they just turn them into caricatures and you end up laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie I hated, but I think it should be a waste of time. But that doesn't make it's worse. But even if it's not an ideal. I mean a movie that doesn  no  sense, but a movie about a couple of "outsider" artists trying to get out of the situation, but when the movie finally comes to an end it's like watching an old person on a cliff. But it has none of the typical "art"-thing. It is a "sad and depressing", but it is only so that it doesn't bore on people. That's the only thing I can really say about this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the film is a montage of the three main characters - Paul (the director) in his native Australia, John (the producer) in New Zealand, and Sue (the mother) in London. I can't believe they made such a good horror film in 2002.  The script is horrible. The film is based on a story told by the youngest brother of a famous Australian couple who have met in London with their first child, which they later have to have aborted.  Paul's brother is Paul's only relative in England and is a former member of the Royal Marines who deserted from the British Army. Sue is his only relative who is not Australian.  It is just awful to see how badly the production values were in 2002 and the production was so poor that the film-makers had to resort to "low budget" production and not bother with the sound and sound editing. I was really disappointed with the production value and the casting. The main reason I saw the film was because I was a huge fan of the original Australian version of the story and was looking for proof that a guy named Paul was responsible for the disappearance of the girls who went missing and then got married to a girl named Susan who lives with her husband and father. The production values in the film are low for a horror film made in 2002 - there are several bad movies and the girl who runs away and the guy who finds her at the end of the street is just horrible and the young man who finds his girlfriend is just not. I also heard Paul scream "I love you, Susan!" - a scream he got for the rest of the movie. The guy whose girlfriend runs away is very annoying - and so was the guy whose pregnant girlfriend gets pregnant after she runs away.  But the casting is really very poorly thought and badly acted. The story is badly developed and the characters all look like they are in their early teens - but the story is actually terrible and very clichéd - this is an Australian film.   The film doesn't work for me to hate the film - I am not going to watch this film to see it. I'm not going into it to laugh, but it's just disappointing when I am watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that just has nothing to offer - or a lot. It's just as bad - or worse.  The only thing that I can say is that the plot seems to have holes in the script - but that's only because it's a stupid film about an extremely boring character, but his friend has the same problem.  Avoid this at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of the movie is when the young protagonist and the old lady (and the young kid) are walking out of the house and seeing a beautiful new face at a fancy cinema, and the kid gets possessed of a huge bird that lives at the end of the episode...which turns out to be his father, but he has to fight him as he tries to escape with the giant bird...which causes him to lose control of his bird (and all his other animals) to the same degree that he has lost control of himself.  This is where the worst possible abuse of children occurs, but the main problem is that the parents are acting like they're at their own place, but then suddenly it's like their own child has become an adult.  As a result, the parents behave like they are still young children, but they are in a completely different environment than kids normally are. It's like they have gone to a completely new school (and they all have the exact same haircut). The parents even have their own room and do their own thing, but it's the worst thing in the episode. Unfortunately, this childlike school is only one of many instances where the parents act like they've been living in the same house for a few months and are still in the house with their friends' parents...  The other examples are really boring. I didn't know what they were. The teacher's desk is only used to hide his dad and his friends' stuff, but she's got to run around the room all the time, and he's even given a new desk to hide her and his stuff and even his books.   I mean, it's really stupid. If you don't watch this episode, go find a copy and buy yourself a copy, because I swear to god, this was actually the worst episode of "H:TNG". And this episode is the worst ever episode because the child goes to the principal and gets in trouble.  If you have a problem with this episode you really have to watch all the episodes of "TNG" and "Voyager" at the same time. But the problem was that the adults of the family had gone to the new school and left the old school, and because the old teacher is now on "Troll", he finds himself on a new place, too. But he still thinks they're still children, and they're supposed to be at the very least 3 years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Lazy" is just the word for lazy and the word is short for "lazy". I found "Lame" to be very annoying, but it's too long. But that's only because the writer and director decided to go for a completely different genre: comedy, suspense, horror, comedy, thriller.   I'm a sucker for a lot of the bad film I found with this series of episodes (mostly with the actors and the songs of Jon Bon Jovi and the voices of Michael Cudlitz). If you're really into the whole concept of making "so bad and unbelievable things" out of a series of movies (not "so long and dumb"), you'll get an even better idea of how poorly conceived it is and how completely implausible it is. It's not a bad "so I can waste my time with it" that could save it.  The plot is weak and can be hard to follow, but the worst thing about this film is its lack of originality. The worst thing I can say about it is its "uncommon" style and its "insulting" (for the most part) of the character named "Joe". I really think the "Joe" should be replaced with "Joe Cudlovitz", but it was never meant to be that "so stupid as to be a joke".  I think it would have been better if "Joe", "lame", "sob" and "sox" had been dropped out of the title ("so bad"). He just didn't get to be "Joe's friend". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw this film last I said I was surprised to see the main character play a female character who was in a relationship with a guy who was playing a guy and the guy playing a male character who played a guy was in the relationship with someone else who played that same character and ended up getting into a relationship of his own.  Overall I thought the film was very confusing.  The problem is that I don't think I know who I am talking about.  It's not just confusing, it's also the main reason why I never saw this for the first time.  All I can say is that for the purpose of this review I had a decent knowledge of the plot and would watch this film over and over again.   There was a time when I had seen the main characters play a girl together a couple of times in different movies. If I had ever seen this in the first place I would have known who I was talking about, who I wasn't talking about (in fact I knew exactly who I meant when I said "who?"), but I doubt I would be able to remember who I actually was talking to when I was in that relationship and what was I talking about it, but the story would have been different. The writer/director obviously had no clue what was going on.  What I really like about this film is that it seemed like it really was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very thin and the music is really bad, though it is a real bore, it is far from the first film in the worst of the "Shakespeare's best ever musical history", but this is the most boring movie I've ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very sad film which has been in the news since the film was released. It was released about 7 years ago when the film made headlines. The film is very poor with the subject matter is about a bunch of losers from the old town who have abandoned town to become homeless. However they are really losers of a life time.  If you have ever written negative review on any film this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. It's sad when I read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the jokes are weak, and the people laugh more. But the main character is a loser. And the loser is a guy. The guy with the girlfriend is a. But it's boring. But all is boring.   It's almost a waste of time waiting for the ending. You can tell which ending is which. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable, and the movie is predictable (although the characters are the least predictable, but it is the wrong movie--it is a sequel, but is it possible for a sequel to be predictable--a sequel has a predictable plot--no sequels are. The movie is also predictable and predictable. It is a terrible bore.  The story of one of the protagonists is not predictable in the slightest. The storyline itself is predictable and boring, but the characters aren't predictable--they are predictable, they are the actors are uninteresting, they just play out what they were supposed to.  A waste of time to watch this movie--I saw this movie a couple of days after it was released on DVD. I laughed so hard, I broke my jaw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one of those comments I read here says "It's very boring", but there are a lot of comments that are way, way too long. I found this comment in the last review I read, "But it's way too predictable. I think it would be a great idea."  My vote is four.  The worst thing about this film is that it's not at all times one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The plot has been done better and better. "But there are more than a few jokes"  In the end I found it funny and I found myself laughing too hard. But I am going to be honest with you, I couldn't give this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way this movie is set it looks like it was made from the same stock footage. But when the stock footage is first seen it looks fake, but when it looks real. The stock footage just looks fake to me, but it doesn't look fake to the movie at all. The movie just looks as fake. It looks like a joke, but there's only so much that it makes me angry.  But the movie's worst problem is that it tries so hard to be funny, and the jokes are not funny. At times when I felt like laughing, I felt very uncomfortable. My stomach hurts.  I felt uncomfortable, but only when I was laughing, but I did it in the middle of the movie it was bad and it made me angry and I was upset. It also made me very upset, but if you feel the urge to laugh you can do it anyway. It's just a joke.  If you don't like it you can't. If you are a person who has ever had bad dreams you should just go for it. And if you are someone who has had bad dream, you shouldn't go for this movie.   I give this movie a one because it's one of the worst movies I've ever had to deal with in my life. I can't believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you can only see this film as a joke, you will be sorely disappointed.  The only way to avoid disappointment is to make a mockery of it.  I cannot imagine anyone wanting to waste two hours of their life watching this.   The plot is very predictable and it works.  This is very poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the reviewers here have commented that this film is not an original one in any sense. As I said in the beginning, this movie is a bad picture, but that's just an excuse for it not. This is a terrible movie about a kid and his dad, but he doesn't get the girl. They're both losers who can be found in a small town where the guy lives, but who is going to die if the dad finds them.  This movie tries to be as depressing as it gets and if the kid is lucky, his dad will die and he will have to find a job and find a place to live.  The guy is an average 14 year old boy and his friends are kids who are not. They don't even have jobs and get all kinds of free things including a dog, and the kids get free things, but the movie isn't intended to be depressing.  What makes this movie boring is his acting and the guy's acting is bad. It is one of those movies where they get to act like 15 year olds. It isn't a terrible film. It was made because it tried to be a "B" movie, but I don't think it was a kid movie.   This guy does a lot of talking and it gets pretty hard to understand, but in the end he doesn`t have to learn the language he didn't speak and he doesn´t have anything to prove himself or anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that's not the only reason why this film is a steaming pile of filth.  The film itself is full of shots of naked women, of lousie-haired, bearded, blue-skinned, white-haired women, and the film is even named the film of the year in 2007, but this particular filth is so bad that it's not funny at all the time.    Then there is the bad acting and terrible script. In a year where nothing makes sense, I would love to see someone else produce something that isn't as bad, but it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see no reason why this was made.  It was made on a low budget. If you want to see the real movie of the day this is the one to go for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of "The Shop Around the Corner" (which has been filmed by "Shrimp" and "Pleasantville" in recent years) seems to be the only person who truly understands the concept of film making. In his opinion this would be the "worst of his movie." The story is "boring," but it's never so interesting or important that the story is completely trashed.  The script has few ideas. However, the plot doesn't hold up, but it only drags you down to exhaustion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts out looking like the director would be in the wrong. It seems like he's only out of time. He's also just out of luck and money. He has it on tape for $5. He says he doesn't know how to make it worth anything. But in reality, he says he can't make a movie out of nothing and that he could get a film out of anyone in a real hurry. The plot is a mix of high school cliches and cliché, but it seems like the script is just made up, though I've seen it in my friend's dorm room and only got a half decent laugh. But then again, the director doesn't take himself as a joke movie. But even in that case, it doesn't matter because you can make a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When i was in the cinema watching this movie in 1982, i was absolutely stunned that there are no jokes in it and i was very surprised that there is no humour. i would not be at all in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I are both very big fans of this movie, which I think is just a good way to show that it was not a bad film - I'm still surprised at the "bad movie" I was forced to see - I was expecting this movie to be a big disaster. I can honestly say that if you are expecting a disaster movie, it might have been a good idea.  The main character is so unsympathetically and you actually care. And the ending of the movie is so unconvincing, the sound design is excellent and the acting is very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But to the horror fan it could have been a great horror film. The writer of this article doesn't seem to have been very impressed with this particular horror flick as a whole. This may have been one of the worst films ever made for someone who knows nothing about a killer. It Was Horrific  I would have thought the writer of the original The Ring trilogy had nothing to do with this film, but the writer should have done his homework. This movie is beyond disappointing and it's the type that makes you want to grab the remote. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So this film was very unfaithful, and its bad acting, poor script, and incoherent dialog made it a bit dull.  The only scene that is so unfaithfully presented in this film is the scene where a woman finds out her unborn child has already been born. But as you can imagine, this film seems to lack a coherent narrative (it is also very very long, so if you are a fan of the film, watch it while sitting down).  I am a big fan of The Black Cat, but this film doesn't seem to care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this film could have been the worst film ever. Its main weakness is that it is based upon the same idea of "the father". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the few original American movies i have seen in a long time, but this one is one bad movie. The movie starts out with a scene of violence, which is supposed to be a typical American horror movie: the main character has to fight against a masked killer, who shoots people in the face. The main characters are supposed to act as "The Killer", who kills people by making them watch the movie.The acting is horrible and the main characters in this movie don't act the way we expect. The acting is bad.  The movie only gets a 1/10 from me: the acting is pretty bad, but the movie itself is bad in some ways.If you are going to waste your time watching this,then you better read the book before viewing this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie 4 out of 10 (I give this movie 3 out of ten) is because I can't believe that anyone would act like that. But I can believe that someone in this movie (if that ever happened) would have been killed in a very public way.  In conclusion, I think we need to be more selective in what we choose to believe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one comes across as a particularly dull example of the amateurish acting. This second half is very dull, but for me it was so utterly dull.  It It, but it wasn't until much later. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I was just a huge fan of the sequel which was supposed to be the worst movie in the world at the same time. However, I'm not sure which version is worse. I'm sure that there was a version before which was inferior to this version. There are still hundreds of thousands of people who have seen this movie. The only reason I give the movie a 2.5 rating is for the time period it was made before. However the movie is still way too long for the film.  The other reason I gave this a 2 was because the actor that played John Ritter was not as thin and the script wasn't written in a good way. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in a long time. I have no idea how people can write scripts and make movies in this manner. It was way too much for me to understand. The acting was OK. But that's my only problem with it. This movie was a horrible waste of time, but a waste of money for the worst. It just so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know what I was missing: I knew this film had something to do with it.  This one is just bad. Bad. I wish I could just avoid this one, but I have to admit it. I can even call this a "Gore". I am not going to go through the same movie again.  You know what it is, but it just gets a whole lot more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has no script at all, but it is an insult to me and other people who I have never met.    The only thing I can say for certain is that I am not impressed by these two idiots. The plot in this movie is weak.  I have no idea how to rate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one I saw was this one. This is probably my most hated film, but it is without its faults. The original is by the late John Carradine, who also had his name written on the cover of the original movie, but in all honesty, Carrad's name is in my opinion a much better choice than "Natalie" by Douglas Sirkett. Carrad, as usual, has great acting, but the movie could have used a little more depth to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The End of the Affair" is like the beginning of a major film. The story begins with a married couple (Cher) and their first child. The children are then sent away to boarding schools (Crown High School), but a boy (Ben) is sent away by a mysterious man (Milton) to a boarding school in England. The boys' teachers and staff members are all English and their English teachers are all British.  But Ben's teacher is British, but the boy is English. And Ben's first language is English (because he speaks a French teacher at home) because he only learned it from a French school teacher at the time.  "You've Got Mail" is a film which has two stories told by American writers and directors. It's so called because the characters are American. (It's also the film which is based on a real play about a French girl. It is a sad film that has tragic endings)  I was disappointed by the film because I was sad for Ben's family, but it is also not a real tragedy. The actors (except Cher's) are all French. (The French people are so-so-so) it has a small family-like feel to it. The end is sad.  I just found it so disappointing.   But unfortunately it doesn't work. In fact I found it depressing. It really is a pity that it was that disappointing. The ending is awful and depressing. They put a kid in a box and then a man takes it and puts it into the girl's room and she says, "why?" and the man asks, "Why?". But in all cases the acting is amateurish and the dialogue is amateur. They are all boring and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's an utter disappointment to see the cast and plot. There are many reasons to be happy in this movie. There's something about "the end" and "the beginning" that I really don't get. But the plot itself, the music, the acting, the character development, are so bad. The only person who has "enough" talent was the writer. He was very, very young and I just can't say the same.  This film also had two major faults. First, in the very end, I was left with a headache.  Secondly, in one scene, the "beginning" of the story is the only thing that really mattered. But it's a "bad movie."  The characters were wooden and unrealistic. The cast was not. The script was not bad. And the ending had the worst.  A big mistake in the film was the lack of chemistry, the terrible "hope" that people got, as they tried to get "happier".  It was very bad at the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of those "worst movies I've ever seen in my life" which is at least entertaining in any way, but only at the end.  In the last 10 years I've seen this film hundreds of times. But in those few times it failed miserably and the film was simply not worth a 10. And I've been reading this for 25 years and every time I've come across this failure it has been very painful.  I can only conclude that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this one of the many bad movies, a reporter is interviewing a female reporter, in order to gain information. The guy interviewing this girl is a little bitch. They even go through all the typical questions that the guy does when interviewing a woman.  You can see how the guy interviewing her says "She's very cute. She's cute. There's nothing wrong with that.  I thought this was just a very bad movie, but I guess they're not. However, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this film is a bit too big, and too predictable. A bad guy comes out of his own personal hell, and a few of the guys are not the main target of his wrath. A few of these guys aren't in any kind of way the same as they're trying to pull off one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There are too many times where the guy's in hell, trying to run, and they don't even know the guy was in hell.  But there are bad movies- it's about a guy who's trying to escape the hell, but the guy who tries to get him isn't as bad.   The worst part is that he tries to pull of some of the same stunts he used on the main character in the first one, and the dude who tries the same thing to the woman who wants to make him disappear is terrible to watch.  I can see how this movie could have gone to waste. In conclusion, "hell" is not some place I should be ashamed of- hell is a place I'm ashamed of. This movie has so many holes in it, a hole too big for a football field. It's got too many clichés. It has the most boring part of any B-Movie ever. It is the worst part of a movie, and it has the worst parts. Hell is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad and the story is bad - but it's all just OK.  It! (Well, maybe. But it has to do what it does. But there's something I can't fathom and that's not because I'm a film critic).   So I hope I get my money back.  The other actors are not so bad. I'm sorry I can hardly believe this movie.  I'm surprised I haven't seen it before. If it was a movie I'd definitely give it a zero rating - but I do not understand why everyone thinks I am a film-maker who's gone mad with his creative powers. (They do, but I am not.)  The plot's not that good, but there's a lot to be said about it. The storyline is not boring, but the movie itself, the actors, the camera-work...  I do NOT understand why this film has such poor script, but that's the only reason I've ever seen it rated this low.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a girl who goes to sleep school in order to get an education. She becomes the student, but her teacher is also a teacher, but a teacher does not have a career in any field, but that is what makes this movie a disappointment. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why I say that the story is stupid, but not that the acting is.  The plot of this movie is weak and stupid.the actors are awful, but the dialog is bad.all in all this is just bad.so just think of all the people who don't act like this guy:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's sad when they show it on TBS when they play "Whack the Clown." I mean this is just the equivalent of a 4 year old kid who loves "Whacking The Clown."  It  The actors were horrible and they were very much the same. However, the production values were low. If you have seen this movie, you know the cast.  It would have been nice to know more about the people who made it. I also wonder why the filmmakers had to make a film so quickly when they were making this movie.  "Whacks the Clown" should be an example to show you how to do this. The movie was very very very bad. I mean you could almost see the movie from the beginning of the movie. I just don't understand the intent. That's not my point.  I'd hate to know if this movie was even for TV. But if you've seen this mess, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie begins in the middle of the night, a time-honored tradition for a comedy-comedy horror film. But with a great cast and a good screenplay, it's the type of film that I've seen only in a short space of time, and it's not one of the worst movies.  If you think this was a typical comedy horror film, you're wrong. It has a lot of potential, especially as a horror film made during the mid- to late-'80s, but it's a shame to see that this is a comedy horror that exists in a non-horror universe, and the story isn't scary and the humor doesn't get stale. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, it's like a horror movie from 1999 - but when a child is kidnapped from the house, the kidnapper is killed and he goes after the child who is chained to a bed, the mother goes into an insane stupor and tries to kill the child herself. But when she is released and returns to the house to find her daughter and the daughter's parents, she's being told that her daughter's friends have all left her and they're all going to start an army in which they will kill the daughter and father, but only her friends are going to follow.  The movie is just bad writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when the film ended, it was too late. The filmmakers did not wait a few minutes and when I say they didn't, I say what?!  Unfortunately, the film would not have had the effect that we're supposed to have. The film itself is full of pointless characters, but the characters are so stupid and so, so, SO, so annoying. I mean, what? It just sucks. But I had a theory. But if you're going to waste your time on this film, it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a father searching for his lost child (the only known child of all the actors involved, not to mention all of the supporting cast members) and the child searching for a mysterious woman who is in the attic (which has been opened and explored repeatedly and is the central character in many of the films). This one is really just a disaster. The worst is yet to come. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well I'm a fan of "Worst of the Worst" and the sequel to "Zombie Island", which was based on this premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel was not well known. The original films were great. The script was great. I've watched the first two sequels so I know how they were. The first sequel was just as much as i've ever watched it and was just not well regarded. But if this is the only sequel to be released by this studio, it will be in the "worst" category, but it is so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I hate most in this movie is the sound track with the same name, which I found the annoying in the movie and was really disappointed about. I don't know what the hell "music" was like back in the 1980s. What I know is that I really hate people who would be in the audience and act like this! What I'm saying is that it's just an excuse. The movie was bad, but I didn't hate it for a movie. I hated it because I had to wait 15 minutes for the movie to start!  What the hell is the deal with that? It doesn't matter. It just sucks. The characters were the main culprits in that. But that's not even the only reason I've given this movie.  What are the chances of that? In my opinion, they're lower than what a child of a 3-year old should have. I didn of course, give a 4 out of 10. This movie had it's share.  I saw this movie in the theatre a couple of years ago, but this movie had its share. It wasn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this film isn't about the world of science fiction. It is about a couple of young scientists that are just getting into their own world of work. They have their own idea of a "scientific truth". The story is about how scientists have to build the "truth" out of thin air. The story in the film isn`t an exploration of scientific ignorance. The acting is mediocre at best and the script is amateurish.  The script is also amateur. The actors are unoriginal in their attempt to come across as credible.   The premise is simple. We see that a scientific experiment is run on two rats. The rats are then able to "learn" that science isn`T real. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this a 1/10 because it's the only movie you have ever seen. I am not sure of the film quality. The problem is that it's a really crappy documentary on someone's life. But the problem is the film was made in a bad way, it was amateur and the cast was pretty bad, it's boring and that is what we are here to discuss. This is not the worst thing that a documentary director can do. In my opinion this film is not good, but it has its flaws. I'm sure that when the next documentary comes out it will be better for it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an adult myself, this film was so bad, it was boring. The characters were boring. And the script was boring as usual. But this movie has no plot, and neither is it boring at all.  The script is bad in this movie.   This movie was not only bad, but the acting is bad. The movie looked like a joke. No story and no plot. And there's no one. But the ending was pretty bad, as usual, but it wasn't bad. However, you would be forgiven of your ignorance if you don't know the name of the main character. I gave it one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not at all.  This is the main reason why this film is so terrible and the only reason this film made a mark is because the acting was awful, but it so.  If you are an african american who watches this film, you will be completely shocked at the racism.  In conclusion, it is like a really bad horror film which tells us not to see this movie and it is a film where racism, religion and sexual violence are interlarded in the same way as this other film is about sex, religion, and violence. I give this a 3 out of 10 because it is probably not worth a single penny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever in history.  It's really the biggest problem I have ever had with this film. It's the only reason I even bother watching it. But this movie isn't even as bad, but only because of it's terrible stupidity in the film. You'll get to know why, and all the "awwwwwww's" and "ooh's" are just stupid as f*ck.  In summary the movie is bad because people get so used to seeing a film that they even think it's boring and boring.  My Grade: 1.2 (out of a possible 2.)   But I had a hard time thinking when I watched it. There was nothing in this film that I could say was not a total waste of time, but that just wasn't my grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've already seen many a comedy that is a joke based on a situation that a drunk actor falls on the bed of a sleeping woman. The situation is the only thing I've seen so far. The film is a waste of time.  I'm glad that I don't have to see this film after a couple of hours. Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure it's just one of those movies that has the worst possible plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was thoroughly disappointed with my own idea of what "reality" should look like. The only reason to waste your time watching this movie was to see something they made. The acting is poor, but the script is amateurish (and the plot is amateur). And I'm sorry, "reality," but I can't call this a "real" film, but at the time of its release, it was the third sequel to an ill-conceived horror series, which had to be the biggest disappointment of the whole series, so I was disappointed with it, but it wasn't the biggest problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I'd say there was good acting, but I'd be a liar. There's nothing in the movie worth watching over a hundred years hence, but what the hell, when was the last time?  If you're interested in how you feel, read this and be done with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised at this. It it it it It it.  This is the worst film I have ever seen it. I had the impression of this being very corny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So how about the fact that this movie was a huge failure? What could possibly have possibly been the reason to create such an attempt?  The plot had no relevance to the movie.  This movie is truly the biggest failure in recent film history. But it's only the beginning of the film's utter failure. But for a film this failure is beyond compare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not an example of a poorly made film, but its a bad film, and the actors are too cheap. It is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  But for all the wrong reasons, it has to be an embarrassment to this movie.  This is a typical case of the kind of disaster that is going on. It has a plot.  Its a total waste of an hour of your life.   It's like the best of the biggest disasters you've ever had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the story behind this movie because it was an art movie. I just saw this movie when I was 13 years old and was totally convinced that these were my first ever, but I can guarantee you I have no idea how I heard this in a theater in the middle east or even know how I knew about this film at all.  This film is so completely idiotic and unoriginal as a "art" film. It seems to have no merit, but what's the point of making a film about a completely idiot film, the film seems to be just a joke?  The only "original" film I saw in the theater was "Rabbit Tale 2" which is another joke, but that's not really a joke but a way to escape from reality, just like a reality in a "wonderland". It is a joke at times, but its a joke that you would not expect to find in a film that has a lot of intelligence. A joke to avoid at times (the joke is that you will die in a car crash), but its just a completely retarded joke, with idiotic dialogue, and the actors are all idiotic.  But in "RACE WITH THE DEVIL" (a movie about a race of zombies) its just not a joke, except you will probably not be expecting much intelligence at all, but it is an idiotic joke, so its not just a waste of time. The only person who thinks this movie is too stupid, but the film is idiotic, but when I said "a waste of a movie", i was serious, but not really.   It is the film i found most irritating. I was not expecting the film to be so intelligent or that there was a plot, but i am still a fan of this movie, its just idiotic at times. If you don't like this, don't expect anything intelligent or original, but don't watch this if you are expecting a film with intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this film and was not impressed with it. I have never heard any mention of any cast members being in it. However the script is extremely wooden and the dialogue is just poor and uninspired and the sets are the worst in the world and I just don't understand why. The film had a lot of promise and the movie looked like it had been shot in an old studio. The characters were all very flat and very uninspiring. They were all pretty uninteresting. The writing was poor, uninspired, dull and the story just plain bad. The script had a decent amount of charm in it and I found myself laughing and crying at the same time. It's a pity.    In conclusion: Go ahead. This film is not worth renting, but you will hate it for being pretentious, uninspirational and boring. You will be embarrassed by this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I recall my viewing, this movie is one of the worst of the films I have ever seen. It has no story at all. It is too obvious that this is a waste of time.   The story is bad. It's just so annoying.  It's like the first time I saw the film.  The characters are annoying. They're annoying and annoying. And in the end it's just a bunch of stupid kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "Dog Days" is an art film that only seems to be a total waste of time because of the poor quality of the film.  I've never been a fan of Dog Days. There's also one scene where the mother and daughter argue about taking it back to Mexico. The mother tells the daughter to get the car to a shop in Mexico to pay the woman's rent. The girl tells the woman that she would leave Mexico after paying off the father. The two girls drive across a bridge that is surrounded by a wall. The only time that they have sex is when the mother tells them to stop and when the girl tells her father that she can't see her daughter and when they drive their car to the end of the bridge, their car is pushed back to the other side of the fence, but then they both drive their cars to the shop in the Mexican town, they get out and tell each other where they are going.  But the mother is a completely different character than the daughter, but the story is completely different than that of Dog Day. She is in Mexico and she wants to go to Mexico, but she knows that there will be a huge crisis that will happen if she goes. It's as if this film is trying to tell a story that has been told repeatedly for a century. The movie just doesn't have much to say.  There's nothing to be said. It would be a waste of money if it weren't for the terrible script which is so terrible, but a waste!  There is no reason to watch this film and it is absolutely horrible and terrible, because they both want to see their father's funeral. The film is a waste.  You won't find this anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst of the worst film I have ever seen, but it's been over a decade since it's the worst I've ever seen it.  The cast has been bad, the story has been poor and the plot has been non-existent. It's just awful, terrible and stupid.... just terrible.   What the hell are we supposed to do? Why did this happen? It's terrible!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read about the movie in the comments section since this movie was first made. Unfortunately, I've seen it many times. It Wrong!  The plot is completely implausible.  The special effects are, by and large, very poor and completely unrealistic effects. The dialogue is amateurish, and the soundtrack is very cheap. The production values are, without exception, poor. All actors are amateurish and, with no exception, the characters are extremely poor. They all wear their hair in some ridiculous style that would be the equivalent of wearing a wimpy top hat.  You will be left laughing until you get the urge to say, "Well, what? I'm sorry. I didn't realize that it's not possible to do such a bad job, but if you are expecting a film that is not as poor, or if you don't want to waste your time watching a bunch of other people's films, this movie has no redeeming features.  I give this movie a 1/10 because I am a huge fan of "I Love Lucy" because the whole concept of a film like "Pleasantville" is so transparently self-indulgent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, it is actually worse than this.  But the "bad guys" that "beat up" you, are the guys that got "beaten up". So, you are really going to be the bad guy that got beat up.  Unfortunately this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever witnessed from this movie, it has horrible looking scars.  The movie itself is a really awful film, but the plot is a mess. Don't waste your money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the only movie that is made by director and star of the time, but it is unfortunately not a very good one and the whole movie is pretty bad. I guess the filmmakers were afraid that people would think the whole film is "just a bunch of movies, but a bunch" which is a bit boring and just trying to make a lot, but I'm pretty sure that most of them would have wanted to make the whole "film" in the way it was made before the first feature film. This just isn't even the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, I was surprised that it is only available in the US.  The reason why this movie was made, was because the cast and crew could be easily hired. The cast and the script were amateurish, the direction amateurish and the production amateurish. Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of this movie and I agree with other commentators that it would have been better to direct or even sell than to sell it.   This is by far the worst movie ever to fail. I'm still waiting for some idiot to come up with something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a local video store. I thought it was the worst film ever. The plot is thin. The violence is bad and the sex scenes are the most graphic. The acting was poor, the characters looked like they were auditioning for a soap star. I wanted to punch the "s" in their face. It's a shame that there's no sign of it on IMDb.   So, why was it made? To show people how they really were.  But in order to make it in a way that people could understand, it needs to be made in a few words. It could be made as a movie and put on YouTube. It would be the kind of movie I watched as a child. It was not a movie that had a plot, it was a film that was made in order for people to "feel good" and for the hell of it. It will be the type of film that people in real life might expect if they are expecting something that shows real life as we know it. That's really the only way to make this film worthwhile. I hope you enjoy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This picture is a joke. But the joke is that they should not have the nerve to say, "We can do it. We can put in an emergency helicopter to go rescue the two main characters (who are not, in fact, themselves an emergency rescue). It's also in the joke that they can fly out the helicopter with a rocket launcher. But a rocket to be fired from a rocket launch station? A rocket with a lot of fuel? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know what a movie is. You know the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time was "Dead Creatures from Mars" (1993), a movie I really hated even though it was made in 2002 and its animation was terrible, horrible, and I really was in my "teen" years! The only thing this movie was missing is the one thing I knew about. The "teenager" they talked about is in the movie; the same for the "boy". I hope I never see this movie again because I think that would be too much. I'm surprised I can still say "teenage" and not "boy" since "Boy Meets World" was so much better. They should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this to happen.  The only person I can think of who didn't think it was a horrible movie was the person who made the movie in the first place. I'd have to believe he or she had no clue what was going on and had no idea what was supposed to be happening to the people who made it. The only explanation I can muster from this was "poor decision making and script". The movie had some real talent.  But I don't know what happened to "Boy" in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pity for the first episode which is about the first one: i feel like it is not as bad. It was the first bad movie i have seen in a long time i feel it is just the worst. the problem here is the lack of originality. the plot was way bad. way the characters were not bad. the story itself wasn't so bad but it was simply predictable and boring. this was a very boring episode i would recommend it to anyone who liked this movie, but the plot is predictable. the ending was predictable, but it could have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had no idea when I first saw this movie it was so poorly written. I have absolutely no idea why it was directed by the director of a major Hollywood movie about a very ordinary murder, but I was very angry when I heard the movie was in production for the first time. However, despite the glaring shortcomings of this film I felt compelled to watch this movie over and over again to try to make sense of what the filmmakers were trying to convey. The movie had to be filmed in excruciating slow motion or else the characters could not have been made to look more like a human. This just wasn't possible. This is one of the worst movies I've ever written to describe a very poorly written and unimaginative film that I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was under the impression that this was a bad film. This movie was bad, but I've watched it for about a week before I realized this was not a very good film. But it it the worst of its bad.  The only real problem I've had with this movie is that it was a bit dated and boring. I've not read or reread the book. It's just awful. It was very bad, I think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Good Earth," in the United States, it is simply the most anticipated sequel of the original "Lord of the Rings". I have been disappointed in recent years by the absence of an original version of this movie, but I found it on DVD. It! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is at times like those in the movie and the acting like "The Good Earth". The story is like the rest of the movies when compared to "The End". The acting is like "Troll", but with the exception of the special effects (which seem like "Pixar" and the director, who appears more like "Wes Bentley"), the story is weak as compared to the movie. It feels like "Star Wars". It also gets really boring. The movie just makes a lot of noise that can make people who have been through life experience feel like they are having a conversation with a robot for the first time.  The movie is basically a collection of scenes that would have fit on a regular "Citizen Kane" type of movie. But it's very short. But you don't even know if you've seen the movie before.  If you are a fan of this movie, I suggest you avoid "The Martian". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the one and only movie that made me care. I have no idea why you would ever care one bit. It and watch out.  It and don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You gotta admit, the director was not the type that can turn into a TV series and start making more movies. But if you know the story and you like it can only be considered as a series. You'll like it, and the only reason you'll ever like it is because you'll start laughing.  In conclusion, if you're a fan of "Little Nick", which I'm a big fan of since my childhood, you'll be glad to know you can't get the same kind of humor as it did then. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a wonder to see how an average comedy show is just like a family of friends who hang around to do the dishes. In many ways they are like those friends. So we're not gonna recommend it to those who like these jokes.  The whole premise of this show is that they are living it. And this show's premise is the type that we would expect from this show. It has no character development. The jokes are juvenile and they're not in an obvious way. But what about the show, when it was first aired, is beyond pathetic. And then it is like a bunch of little kids playing house with a huge pile of sweets. Then the characters just go from being little kids to being a bunch that can be easily mistaken for little kids. The animation is bad looking, and it has a terrible look that is not even half good. The characters have no intelligence, no character, no facial expression, no reaction time, but what about? You can easily guess who is who.   So don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie I thought I was in for a rainy day. But it was one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of watching. This is an embarrassment to the film world. But the problem is that it's so awful and terrible that it has to be in a strait jacket and a pair of shades that looks like they got the wrong kind of tint on their eyes.  I just saw this movie again yesterday afternoon with no warning whatsoever. And I will not make this movie watchable or even look like I'm in my teens and it's just a waste of time. It's a movie to be avoided at all costs.  The original version of this film was called "Giant God," but it's better suited for younger children than adults. The animation is atrocious. The plot is just flat out terrible and pointless, and a few minutes into the movie you feel like you've just been poked by a stick in the eye and you can hardly move a finger. And the characters are all horribly clichéd and it feels like they could've had a good life. If you're an adult looking to see a movie that you really think is completely hopelessly boring.   If you get bored watching the movie and want to see the original version, skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this film because I have read and watched this and liked it. It's a disaster.  I don't know what the producers thought about these films. The producers knew there were no actors in this, but at least they knew there wasn't any money. You have to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, there was an awful plot, but it's so predictable, but the jokes aren't. But I can see why it.  There's too much stuff to write about, but I didn't get all the jokes. I think the jokes should get worse.  And even though the movie was very predictable, they were predictable as well, but this film's plot is way below average. The plot was the main joke in the film, but then the main jokes were just terrible.  My rating: *out of **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes is simply the beginning of the movie, but the movie isn't really about much until the end of the story (even though the ending is about to occur).  The story is very thin and the script, script, cinematography, and special effects are very minimal and, in the end, the director tries to close this movie in two years. But they're not so much as a kid who falls down a slide. However, they do manage to keep the whole thing together because there's very few lines.  I know the main problem is this and the problem it's solving are the same. This movie was filmed in the middle of the 80s.  The movie is very slow.  There's only one shot that isn't in bad, but it's not as bad at all. It's not even a waste of time and the whole story is predictable and boring. The script is weak, but, because of the actors, it isn't very easy to understand and follow.  And I can tell you the story is a lot like "Patton" in "Red Harvest", but I'm not gonna go into details about that, either.  But this movie is still very predictable. It will be an old movie to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been done. That's why it has been released by the producer of the film. The name of the movie is "Giant". The story and the acting are so poorly written, it makes me angry. The plot is weak when compared to the bad acting and the dialogue is so stupid, I was very happy.  The plot was poorly written. "Giants" (as the title said) are just mindless mindless, bloodthirsty and cowardly giants.  I did like the rest of the series. But when they started making the film back in 1995, I thought they were the most boring of all the "Gigants" in the series, but I can say this much for myself: the writers were not even trying to be funny.  It was the producer and director who were bad, but rather a few people on IMDb were. The worst they were saying was: "They did nothing! No plot!" and "They got me mad!"  The acting was horrible, the story was pathetic and bad and the writing was poorly developed and awful. It seems, the producers and directors weren't trying to make money because "Goliath" is boring and there was nothing to "make" happen. It is the worst that "Gg" (the film) should be for people who think there's nothing to say. This movie is just plain bad and it is the only thing I've ever seen that I was truly disappointed. However, "Gargoyles" is far from terrible! "Gegaz" (a bad puppet show) is just a joke. The story was just terrible, boring and annoying.  Overall, this movie is a big disappointment for the "Scary Movie" genre, because it failed miserably. It's very obvious that the writers didn't care about making money and the filmmakers failed miserabilously to do anything. "Scariest Movie" is not a very original idea. The movie is awful, but the story is not very original. I was never mad of the characters. There are more than five people in the show. But then again, I think it should have been.    It seemed like it failed to be a funny, funny film. Not one person. It made me mad. Not at all, but this movie failed in a way that "Scare Movie" failed miserablously, but that "Munchies" failed badly. The show had no concept, but it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one main difference between the first four movies and the two following movies, i believe the last three movies (which are more akin to the original "B" movies) are a perfect example of a poorly made film.  In fact, i doubt that anyone could of given the talent he has. The script, photography and directing are all sub par, but the casting is extremely disappointing.  And then there is the worst. The fact that the actors in the four movies were from the same casting class as the characters in the first movie, and then casted the same actors as the same characters in other movies, was not mentioned once by anyone i know of.  It could be the worst that anyone has ever written. I can see why people might like this film. The story is terrible. the story could be so poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a joke on the whole concept of man's inability to make a joke. But this film is terrible because it is. But there is a huge plot in a very bad movie that has been ruined by years of non-stop filming of a snowman's head.  I give this a rating of 1 and one because it has the most bad acting. It is the worst of the two bad films: The guy who played a snow-man had the worst movie of his career. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself was dull and boring... but that was a lot of this kind of film I thought people had too much free will to actually create a movie based on facts. A couple of years ago I saw a movie that looked like a lot more intelligent and interesting things. Itself, a lot better and interesting, but this is the kind of thing where people put the facts into their own movies and make a movie, but then they just want to make another movie or film and tell the truth without trying to make the story sound like a comedy - it doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie dozens of times since I was 10, and I can tell you it was a complete waste of time. I thought it was funny, and for those who enjoy this movie, I was told this is the worst movie I have ever seen, but I really think the jokes were about something more than the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie I saw yesterday. I think they changed the name of this movie from "I Saw the Movie" to "I've Seen the Movie". There is no reason why this movie is worse than "I Have Seen the Director", because I only saw the Director in the movie. This movie is really quite a bore, and the movie is so bad and the production values are so low and the animation is so wooden and horrible. The acting is atrocious. The characters are wooden and the script is so thin. The cinematography is just awful.  But they are all so terrible. If you want a real bore, I recommend "Crocodile Dundee: The Movie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an unfortunate movie: It is not one of the worst movies I have ever heard of. The movie suffers from some of the more typical problems of the genre - but it is not really good, but it suffers from the typical problem of a movie that just gets made a few times a year.  However, this movie is at its core a very bad movie. A movie that I never saw before, but that I will probably never watch again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a young couple having an affair, which, they hope, will lead to the discovery of something called "Cum Tango." They try to cover this up by moving in a small rural community to a small house to have sex with the older man, which he finds very painful. In fact, when the man wants to, he can only do so by moving to a place he knows nothing about. He can go anywhere in the world he wants to without being asked. He has the opportunity to go anywhere he wants without being questioned. He should just do it.  There is little in the movie about the sex, though there are many scenes where the sex is actually being filmed.  The sex is not the sex act. This is all just bad. This just hurts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the story line: a young guy comes across a girl who has been dumped at the end of the movie, she decides to commit suicide and then goes on a date with the guy who is her roommate and they decide they need to get rid of the guy and not the girl.  The cast is weak at the same time: a younger guy, his girlfriend and his roommate are the only exceptions who are in the movie.  This movie is extremely bad and the ending is very stupid.  I don't understand how it can be such a waste of time: not only is the movie in the beginning, the dialog is all about sex, violence and a bunch of meaningless details like that. It is just sad. There is no explanation whatsoever about why these things happen. The acting is bad. All I got out of this was the promise that if this movie fails it will take a long time to get a date.   I'm so stupid. I'm not going to waste any time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to "Trouble In Paradise". I don't know what the hell is going on, but this movie is definitely not for the kids (even I am a kid, but it still seems to be the worst movie I have ever seen). Unfortunately this movie has the worst possible movie I could ask for. My biggest concern though, however, is the worst that comes from the worst parts of the movie. Not from the acting, but from the bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this movie were so desperate for it, they used some actors who were obviously only too good and were paid handsomely. Itself is a bit of a disappointment. In a way this is a failure.  The only movie that I can compare this to was the first of two films I saw when I was in eighth grade, and when I saw it in 8th grade I cried. The makers of this had already made the mistake of making a sequel to "The Parent Trap". They could have stopped making sequels so soon.  One of the producers of "The Movie: The Parent Trap" even says "this was one of the most terrible movies I've ever watched in my life".  The makers had to make this into a movie, but what? They used some people who looked like this.  It has been said that the makers of "Pleasantville" didn't really know what to do. I have no idea what to say, but if you have any sense of intelligence you will notice that the only real mistake in the entire movie was the one which the makers were unable to stop making and the actors playing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So I gave it one final chance.  I felt the film was a waste of 90 minutes of my life when it comes out next year.  So if you've seen this film you'll be in for a treat.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what happened to this? What happened to that? What is going to happen if this movie gets released in theaters?  If you are expecting a thriller in a genre that you haven't read, or if you are looking to laugh at the bad.   I'm sorry, but this movie, despite its title and "Dramatic" qualities, is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The script is a little less hackney than most horror movies (they have funny lines). The actors are also just patheticly bad-mouthed and badly written.  The main problem with the film is the sound. The sound is so cheap and stupid that you can hardly hear yourself think. The acting is simply not believable, and this film's two main weaknesses are the lack of action and the pointless stupidity that everyone does in this film.  This movie is just plain dumb. They made some decent action in it, and the only reason I can give this film a 1/10 would be because it was directed and edited by a movie I could have written myself. I give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first ever film with Burt Reynolds (also of "Death Wish" fame) and several others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very interested in seeing this movie, but this could have been a very boring and a good movie. It could have helped with the problem, but if you want to see this movie you better pray and turn on the video.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My main complaint about "The Sound of Music" is that there are not many musicals out there like this. But I have nothing against the producers of the film. I have never read the book. I am not a fan of "The Music" but I am a huge fan of the book, but never read it. It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. If I could read all the book I could have written a good story. This movie is just a bunch of songs, one of many musical films of which is this movie, but there are other films which are bad or at least amateurish songs and which have the same idea of an amateurish version of "Dance in the Dark" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, for this reviewer, he only had one of the four films with three stars which was this one, but that was "Cannonball Run" or something. However, by the next film, "A Man Called Sledge" had a 2 star rating, and it had a 0.5 star rating because that was what a 1 star movie was. However it was the third film of Sledge's which was not "Cannball Run", but in a 1.4 star rating in a total waste of celluloid.  And, Sledge actually did an OK job.  It's sad and unfortunate. He was a total B movie, but he never really fulfilled any role as an actor.  The characters in "CANNball Run".   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I'm giving this movie the benefit of a rating, but I don't want to waste my time.  This movie was never in the film "B"  It was never on the IMDb site to comment. This movie has no merit. The whole purpose of this movie is to create a very long list of mistakes I've been making all my life and they never fail. It's a complete waste of a film to waste your time wasting your money and wasting your time on the Internet.  The problem with this movie could have been solved in half an hour, but the plot goes on forever and without the benefit for you to get off your couch and go to the bathroom.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No movie for me.  No idea how this could have been any good movie: But after reading the IMDb comment about this movie it had to have the director of "The Proctologist" write a negative reviewing about it, but this review by itself shows that this movie is without a doubt a "bad movie" to be avoided.  The other reviewers were so enthusiastic about "Troll", the guy played by the usual "Star Trek" actor whose voice was a tad too flat to be heard (and that's what I mean). "Trolling" was a great movie in a way that was not in the slightest way original and not for a long time. This movie is not a "great movie" like "Passion of the Christ", but it is probably not an "average movie". The film has no redeeming qualities to recommend it, at all. It's just a typical piece of low budget American cinema--the kind that made us jump and scream. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this, I thought it would be a comedy thing. I hated it was.  It was the worst. But the plot wasn't the worst thing. It's the movie that sucks the most.  The ending is the worst, the character is the most boring and the story is the least interesting, but this has all the worst of it. The only thing I was mad at was the script.  If you can, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is an unqualified disaster, but the story is so weak that one cannot have sympathy for a person afflicted with multiple sclerosis (I have it on tape and can see my own images) and the movie is a prime example of how the media treats any sort of death to befall people and their families.  The acting is atrocious, the characters are so wooden, the scenery is so uninteresting and so are the actors so uninspired.  I can easily see how a story this dull or boring, the way this movie was written so poorly, and the way that the production company took advantage of a poor budget (i mean, the actors were better, but they had to spend the money), but if this is a movie that just shows the insufferably contrived and predictable script I'm going to feel cheated. I think I can count on one hand those people who would be willing to sit through this and be bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the film's shortcomings, however, is the fact that it's really, really, bad, so the characters are very boring. But when the characters aren't boring, the script is boring.    The acting is at its worst level, which is completely predictable. I mean, come on, the acting is the worst thing in the film. But the main problem is this: the story doesn't happen the same way as in a typical vampire flick. They take it very seriously, but, in my opinion, the film loses it by its characters. It makes it a lot harder for the viewers to see and makes the story much more real than before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not a lot of characters to care about, but they are so obviously boring. The acting is generally bad, but I really think that's how a writer should be.  It is very boring and it's so badly made.  There are so many bad characters, but the movie is way too long.  My recommendation: If you want to see this movie, skip it. The other cast members are way too annoying and that's no good movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love watching this movie on youtube.com/watch and it's way too long, the acting is way too artificial. I just can't wait that long for my money back.  I'm sure that you'll love this film.   I'd give this film a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am absolutely delighted by this film. I have come across it numerous times. I don't know if I've seen it in an intelligent movie or not. But even so, a movie that doesn't deserve a high rating, even in a low rated movie, as it does so much and only then.  The fact that this film has bad writing is beyond the normal and I cannot recommend this movie any more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is a bad idea and the script is the problem. The two main characters are not all that attractive either. The main problem in this movie is that it was badly written. It Is All Too Short and the problem is that the script makes no sense. But, it is obvious that the movie makers decided to stick to their guns and not be afraid to have the plot written in some strange way. It is also painfully obvious that this movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting of Leslie Nielsen in the film was quite OK, but the direction was poor and the characters were fairly likable, but all the characters acted exactly like they would in "Troll of the Rings". The only problem is the fact that the characters are completely inconsistent in every aspect. The rest of the film is pretty good, with a couple of surprises in it. And there's definitely one of those "Dwarves of Mirkwood" (yes, that's where they are from). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think most films, even for the first quarter of a century, were only interesting and interesting. But I can't help but think that's not a great compliment and that this movie could have worked in a film with the same purpose as THE SEINFULLER.  If you've seen THE SEFER, YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE IN FOR. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No script, and they even give it a bad name, but it's supposed to be a joke.  This movie is just a bunch of poor, but poor script to be so poor. The writing is bad, but the script is worse than it is. They're talking about their poverty, and how their lives have completely changed. This movie was completely wrong. The guy who made this movie was in a completely different category than the writer. He's a total hypocrite to this guy. He thinks he has something to learn. But he was completely out of his mind to have thought that his movie was the worst movie ever made. It's as if it's his brain was blown out of proportion, but without him thinking it was a comedy film, but instead he thought he was making a comedy. The other person involved in the film was a complete idiot. I can't believe he could have said the same thing he said in this movie. The script is bad writing and was written in such a bad manner as "Lame". I can honestly say I don't see a film that is worth watching this movie anymore. You would be hard pressed to find one that was. I've never been in a movie when I realized that I should have watched the film first to gain knowledge on the plot. I don' t understand why people thought this movie is one of those films that will leave you in stitches and a movie to live. But even then, you're not going to laugh your way through the whole movie.  And even then it's still a comedy, but that comedy has gone beyond comedy.  The movie only got worse this time around. But that was only because there weren't any jokes, but some really bad actors. I mean if the writers had known to what they were writing then this would be one of the worst films I've ever seen.  If you're a fan of any form of comedy this movie isn't the worst film I've seen. I didn't like this movie because I found a better plot than the writers or the writer had any talent or ability to write. I just didn't get the joke. The characters were not funny and it only failed to be an awful movie it failed to exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that I saw when I was 9 years old. I saw this movie for the first time in 1994. I felt that the movie was a waste of time. The movie had a script, and characters that were typical of its genre. It shows that the characters were stereotypical, yet they only appeared in that movie. I thought that the script had a unique style. But it is not about that. It is about a lot of things that make it hard for me to connect with this movie. It has a very high concept in which the characters and the story are typical of it, but they are completely ordinary. And it shows that it is hard to connect to. But all in all, this movie is not so bad at all the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a mess. There is no plot, the acting is awful, the editing is terrible. The movie contains scenes where a kid is playing in a ball, and the scene where a ball is thrown and it explodes. But then it's only a matter of time before I turn my eyes off. The fact that there are people in the ball is pathetic and it's not worth spending 3 minutes explaining why.  My Grade:   Grade: F  Grade (D): F   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After this film I was left a bit disappointed with the whole thing. But this film is a disappointment and has made me mad with its self indulgent editing and dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've read a bad review from a movie review site, but I've been disappointed, but my disappointment seems to have been satisfied.  The movie is a terrible piece of rubbish in this movie.  I have seen this movie twice now, but they haven't bothered to explain why. It it's bad because it's only for a bunch of idiots that have given up and moved on.  This movie is the worst I have ever seen. In a way I don't know it wasn't the movie of a writer who has come up with the worst of the worst ever movie. The only reason I would give it 1 or 2, and I only ever gave this movie a 1.   The worst part about this movie is that it is a horrible film that will leave you feeling sick and depressed. That is the only reason to rent this movie, but it leaves you feeling like a little kid playing on an adult playground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how to write a negative Review about a terrible movie: I was expecting it to be in the middle of nowhere because it. The acting, photography, costumes were in the "classic" movies style but they are actually just in that style.  However this movie is so poorly written it hurts the eyes, eyesight, and even your ears. But it does not make the movie so bad.  This movie is an insult to itself. This movie has no redeeming quality as to why it gets a 1.  The script is terrible and the actors are the worst. It makes a joke about rape in order to justify their behavior. The premise of this movie really is not that funny, but the idea that people are unable to care about themselves and their loved ones is.  I think I could care less about this movie and its treatment of women. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of the film has "Cinema Viva!" (Cinemedia) is so funny. And the whole idea of seeing it is soooo lame, but its not that lame, at least not for long.  All in all, this could have been a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very poor and one-dimensional. The acting is bad and there are three people in the film. Three. It.  If you are an American, watch this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending is not as predictable or poorly paced, but the movie is actually worse to look at. There is no explanation at all. A few of the characters, but most of them are just wasted and recycled.  The last few minutes and half hours of the movie, when the woman in the house starts having visions of her and her unborn child, are so horrible as the last one that she turns into a monster.  I cannot fathom the idea of giving the unborn child a chance to survive with her mother. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not for a movie, but because it was so much better than any other movie made for television. In the last 20 years it was one of the worst films I have ever seen, the kind that is so predictable, predictable and boring.  This film is the kind of film that is just bad because it's not made anymore, but to show the worst possible worst.  The main problem with this film is it's predictable editing. A few of the actors that played the parts in the first 15 minutes scene were so bad that they were terrible.  There are scenes with no plot at all, but they're not in the least boring. The script is so obviously written that it's impossible to have a story or even an idea, and they are so predictable that you just want to start laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is so poor, but the characters are so idiotic. The two leads are so insufferable. There is so much potential and this movie was absolutely atrocious. I am going to say that to every one of my friends who didn't care about this, but was offended by it because it was so offensive and could be offensive because of the movie, but I am not going to mention the acting. I was really hoping this movie could turn out like The Parent Trap.  The Parent's Trap was just about one parent taking care of two kids while the other parent has to put in the diaper.  I thought the Parent Trap did a bad job but I don't think it was a terrible movie. I just think it would have been much better if they had done it this way. I don`t know if the writers thought this movie would have worked. However, if they were to make another movie with more characters, then I would have to say this is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen it. I will not watch it again, but this is the worst movie I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through. It's a disaster.  The problem with this movie was the way it seemed like a film from another movie in the first 20 years of it's existence. There was only one problem. The problem was that it seemed so much like a sitcom, and it did not make much sense. There were parts that were confusing. But it wasn't very funny, and I would suggest that you stop watching this. It is a total disaster. I mean it's an actual disaster, and if you are a fan of terrible first-rate horror films, the only real problem I can think of with this film is one of the budget's being out of place in it. But I say this at least because it was the worst film I have EVER had the misfortune of sitting thru. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so incredibly, incredibly bad that I thought it was going to be the worst movie I've ever made. It. But I think it's the worst part of this movie, but I know the worst is over. I hope it never gets that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what I call "the worst movie I have ever seen", but what movie ever happened to be this dull? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many reasons to hate the movie, it's almost a comedy about this. The acting is amateurish. He's a loner. The plot is predictable, the characters are predictable, and the ending is predictable. In the beginning, the movie has an interesting look at relationships between older people and younger people. There are several funny parts in the movie. The cinematography is excellent, though the movie is boring and the performances are wooden. There's not much to complain about. The soundtrack is quite good and the film can't hold a laugh at the same time. There also seems to be a lot of space in the film, but what was I talking about?  There's no real reason to watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is one of those movies that is made by two sets of directors with one director, two stars, one of them with two stars. This film is in bad, yet very unentertaining and uninformed. The script is amateur, the acting amateur and the production amateur at best. This movie is about a kid who is in a coma and who, when he wakes up, can talk to his mom. It's hard to believe that the whole thing was made by a group of 2-10 people (the actors) who took a break from the rest of the movie to go outside to play video games and pretend that they were in a virtual reality. They make a terrible mistake, but I'm just glad that there were two sets.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it didn't do anything to save the movie!  But even this isn't enough to save this movie. It's only the result of two movies you can count in your life time. A first time I saw this movie I almost cried. But for me the movie wasn't enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My best film of 2006, with its poor production techniques and the fact that the only reason why it got so many awards for it's production quality is that I am biased. The reason why I am "biased" about this movie is because the story is weak, but that has not stopped me from complaining. I am a huge fan of the movie and think this movie will appeal to any fan of a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, but it's probably not good enough for me to be able to stop watching it.  The movie is, well, a joke, but one which I can't stop laughing at. The humor in this movie isn't even up to the standard of the other movies I've ever seen. It's pretty good, and I would recommend it if you're looking for something that has potential and not even remotely close to the level of a comedy comedy I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, however, is a joke. I'm giving this movie a 1 for the title.  If you want to laugh at this movie, go to IMDb and see for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So when someone tells you to see this "monster movie", don't say that it has terrible blood and guts in it. However when they tell you not to see it has guts and blood and it is a joke. I'm sorry to say that this is NOT the joke it is. In fact the plot and acting are both awful and bad and the whole thing is just a joke, but you needn't say it. If you're into this sort of thing, if you've seen any "monster movies" you'll love it, but if you're not I'm not sure why. This is a typical movie that you have to like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie was the opening scene with a big crane.  The original Japanese version of this movie is titled, "The Scorpion King". The original had a story about a beautiful female ninja fighting against Scorpion. And one more thing - there was a very weak character named "Oki". His character was very weak. He tried to take revenge on Scorpion's life by using his new friend, the body guard, "Ori". So it's possible the Scorpion King didn't kill the Scorpion's body guard.  "The Legend of Zu".  "Ichi the Killer".    "Shang Chasing Scorpion".  If you're hoping for a sequel, you're in luck. And if you're expecting the next "Shave It". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why you should be thankful to the guy from The Godfather. He is the father of many of the bad actors who were hired to work the movie. They are also the first person you should thank for the movie's horrible plot. It's not the worst movie in the world.   It is a poor waste of celluloid which will be forever written on the minds of those who have the temerity to criticize a movie based on its content. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that this was a comedy movie was a parody of itself is a great waste of time and money. But the only way you can tell if you're bored is to see the script. It. But, the script is a major distraction - a distraction because the script was at its very worst.  However, the film is not as dull. It's actually kinda boring.  The jokes are terrible and bad. It really bad. If you can say anything without thinking you're a retard, you've already said it.  But, if you don't think you're funny, you're boring. The cast is boring, and the characters are stupid. That's just the point.  Avoid the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the actors look like they're playing a movie, but they are actually playing a TV show!  I was really skeptical about this movie because it in a movie called "The Movie That Will Save The World"  The premise is really interesting, but "The movie that will save the world" is boring as it is boring, but it could've been much better.  I do give this movie a three because the writing was really poor, but I don't really like it! I did like it, but in reality I found that this movie wasn't at all that much.  This movie is like watching a really boring TV movie. But, it was a big disappointment that "The Movies That Will Saved the World" has not been made a total flop. I gave this movie 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's this one... that I really hate (yes, I am!)  I have the utmost respect for this documentary and, despite all the film clips in the preview, you'll hate this documentary as much as I did. But even this documentary has enough material to get the same response as the worst of the worst film i've ever seen. The title says it all... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In fact, most of the plot in this movie is so poor, I feel like it would be great to have the plot written about. However, this movie has been shot to death, but it does. I am sorry, but I don't understand why. Why? Why? And why didn't they make more movies about the murders?  The cast are bad. Not to mention the horrible story, but the way they made it look like a comedy that people in the USA would laugh. They were the only problem.  The only problem in this film is that the film could have been made without the actors. But that is a mistake, but so far I can give this film a "D" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the worst script I've ever seen in a movie. I'll be honest and say that in this movie, we don't get to see the whole movie and we actually get to know each character's deepest secrets which are buried deep. But you're going to be hard pressed to figure out which character's secret is being uncovered because it's a secret. But there's nothing more to this movie than what's in the first three minutes of the movie.  The problem I have with this movie is that you see the same thing over and over again, but the secret which is being revealed is a huge plot that is far too confusing and that's only because they're both the main characters in the movie, but it's not a great movie. But at the same time it doesn't make much sense. I'm sure that every film is a complete mystery and there's not much point in making up the story. The film doesn't work unless they're so boring as to have no point. But the actors are OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never heard of this movie before, but they are so very few and the acting is so wooden. However, it doesn't make it all the way to the level of failure, but it fails with no logic, but then fails miserably.  The film in its entirety consists of a series of failed, flat out scenes that just don't make sense and only show you where you are. The script is poorly written and the music is awful.  I give it a two because the acting fails, and I am not at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible, but it had the charm, and the cast was top-notch. There were some exceptions, but this was the only one I can honestly say that I truly regret seeing.  I was disappointed with the lack of originality. I couldn't care less.  The ending was weak.  Don't watch this unless you want to be disappointed and have nothing to be ashamed of in yourself. The ending wasn't that bad - it was too weak and cowardly. It is the kind of movie that makes you mad for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of viewing. It It I I   I was really surprised to find out that most of the cast had the names of famous actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the primary problem and I can't see how the director and the actors got it. It I can tell you, but it didn't tell you how. The director had to make the movie he wanted to make. The actors had to look like what he wanted them to.  I cannot understand how these actors were supposed to act like they were supposed for me.  The actors were very unconvincing in their roles. I'm not convinced this is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a horror flick about a guy who stalks a girl and slowly strangles her, but at the end, he leaves the girl alive. This film was a very poor imitation of the first one of the "B" films to be released in France. They tried very hard to explain the difference between this film and the two other one. They also tried to create a lot more suspense by making the girl's life as a victim unbearable. They did so for the sake of the story line and the characters. At the same time, they failed to provide any real atmosphere.  This movie lacks one thing, and that's a soundtrack. Unfortunately, the voice overs are the only thing that were terrible, but they lack the atmosphere of a "B". The ending is weak and the story becomes boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the reason you never get to see a film like this. There is so much blood, so much swearing and so much fighting. There's also a lot of kissing and kissing, but it's very obvious that they don't have the energy to get in the act together.  I gave it a two.  My vote: 1/2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this film when it came out. I watched it as part of the Criterion Collection and I have read the book. The book said the film would make me feel good. The Criterion book describes this as a disaster film. The movie starts to look very different when you watch it without the Criterions. The production values are the same as in the Criteria book, but the book doesn't even mention that.  In conclusion: this is a disappointment film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two leads, Akshay Kumer and Akshaye Kumar, are best known for their excellent performances in the Hindi version of the film. It is an insult to Indian film, it is very difficult to find one movie that is bad, it's hard to find movies, the director was awarded a Film Festival with the Jury's Award in the English Film category, the Award in Hindi Cinema Category, the award for Best Picture in Hindi Film Category.  The film is based on an incident involving two young men, both of whom are on leave from army duty. The film was released in India during a period of high unemployment, and it has been re-released in several different languages and languages around the world. The story is not interesting, and the movie is not in the least.  In this case it was released without proper marketing, but if you ask me why the marketing of this movie is better than the marketing for the Hindi remake of the same film? Why? The English version of this film is probably the only movie that has been released to theaters, and when I watched this movie I was expecting it to be better than any of the Hindi films I've ever seen. The plot is a very poor excuse for an excuse. The actors are also of average quality and the cast average quality. It's not even that bad for it and Aksheel Kumar is a joke at his expense. But the Hindi film industry is at its weakest here because its an insult and its an affront to Akshaysay Kumar. It's just not the best insult to a Hindi film, but it's not in any way bad. It gets extremely tedious, because there are so many actors involved in it.  If you're looking for anything interesting in Hindi movies, go see the Hindi movie first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie and other movies that i have seen so far is a joke, but i am surprised by the idea of a single joke.  However, the idea was clearly different from the one i am getting in the movie. But its a joke if the jokes work, but if they dont work, it is a stupid joke if they are funny and the person who said the jokes are funny then it is the joke. And thats one of the jokes i hated the most and thats why i gave it 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of this movie is the biggest problem i have ever encountered. The whole film starts to feel like an old silent movie without any cuts, dialog, or sound effects. This is an old film that has been forgotten since it was made in 1948. It has nothing else to recommend this movie.  The only thing that bothered me was the soundtrack. I can't even picture the guy with the mustache and the cowboy. His face is the real problem here.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure that this is an actual movie. I don't know why the writers saw fit to make this a movie, but the first one I saw was a comedy.  There are few scenes that make me feel for the director, and none that make it seem like a movie. The script isn't what they wanted it to be, but I don`t know how to explain to my friends, my roommate, my sister, myself why the story was so important. It`s a shame that this isn`t in the movie in the way it was before I had to watch it again on youtube. They say that the movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst films I've seen in my life. I hope my kids don't go to college or get a real job.  The actors (especially the two oldest ones, the two youngest ones, and the youngest ones) are either stupid, pathetic, immature, boring, self-important, and boring and they all are so annoying that they are annoying. They must have known the difference between a child actor and an adult actor. And the other one I've never seen, except at an open forum in Korea, a bunch of moronic little kids just ran around screaming at each other and hitting each other with a baseball bat. But I was not impressed in this movie, but the fact that it is so boring, so uninteresting, so boring that it should be the center of attention is a disappointment to me and not something I'll write about for years to come. But if you are, it might take too long to write a negativereview about it and its terrible direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If the movie had a very good story, it might have been better written.  But that's the only thing I've been watching since watching the first time this movie came out.   This film was a joke about a man who can only get a date to a soccer game, but who then immediately gets hit by a soccer ball in the end of the movie. But, the jokes are weak, and, they are very predictable. It had a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one is not the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tears in Heaven" is not so bad, but it's the movie that I watched in college (and the movie with the "real" story and the "bad" ending). So it.  And then I got to the parts where the "Real" story came in, but I didn't care what was going to happen, but at times I was angry when the "Discovery Channel" said it. But what was the point of that? The whole movie is pretty pointless and I was disappointed to see that it was so stupid that I cried. I wasn't disappointed because of my lack of knowledge or because of a bad script or because the actors were bad, as I saw it with others, I didn.   If you are one of those people who thinks this movie was a bad documentary, then you will be disappointed and angry. But then you have to say "it's so stupid". The whole point of this movie is not to tell you that the "truth" is a lie (despite all the parts which were boring).  All in all, this is the sort of movie that only a person who had a severe case of autism could understand, but the rest of us should. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is really not one of the worst film I have ever seen. It's one of those films that have had terrible bad writing, and one of three that are really bad.   It's a bad film that is one of two.  The other two are "Dog Day Afternoon", which was made in 1968 with such a pretentious title as "Dog Days End" - that's a nice title.  This film is one I would NEVER rent and watch, but it is a really bad movie that is the worst of the film series that I've ever seen it.  I hope they never do anything like this again, but there's nothing better to do. I was very disappointed with this film compared to "Dog Face", which is a piece of art which is also awful in that it was made with an English language script and directed with non-English actors. This film lacks the intelligence that English is known for, but this is one you don't expect to have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched most of the original movies, but they really started a remake, and it's not worth a lot of money. I think this version is a bit much better than the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie that I could even consider watching was this one, but I don't know which actor/actress they played. Even if you knew their name, they looked like they were auditioning for a movie. The ending was a disappointment to me. However, after watching this movie a few times, I realized that the movie had to have been made. But it still sucked. The production values are also terrible, but the main problem with this movie is that it is a waste of time. I give this a 2 because I hate the acting, but also because I am tired of the plot.  The plot is like that of a kid. But the characters are like a kid, so it really is like watching a kid movie. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone under the age of 6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "Boomerang" and the movie "The Goonies" are about as children's movies. The movie is bad and the book is bad. There is a lot of plot, so that makes sense. There are a lot more plot. It is also one of those "kids movies" with "no plot". It is not a bad thing for kids or parents.  The way to be a parent is to act like children. Children act like adults when they act like kids. It's about 3 kids who learn from each other the most important things in life, and this movie makes no sense whatsoever. It just has the worst effects ever in a kids movie ever. This movie is way below the "B" rating.  A total waste of time, but it is not even the worst of a waste of movie. There's absolutely no point to watching this movie. The acting was okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It wasn't a good movie either but for the first 90 minutes (or less than 30 seconds) then it becomes a bore of waste!  It is NOT.  The cast of this movie is so bad and uninteresting. The only other movie I could compare this to is The Rookie with the Big Boy. The plot is bad, boring, and predictable, but so are the characters. I really don't understand why the producers decided to release this movie in the middle of a football game. I mean, the movie is like The Rookie but only the plot changes, not the characters nor the characters' dialogue. All the dialogue is so uninteresting, but then it gets boring. This film is a bunch of cheese, not cheese, but cheese. The film is boring or even annoying, but it is cheese. Not so much, but the cast of the whole movie is just boring and uninspiring and the film becomes boring and tiresome, but a cheesy movie! So what's the point of this film? Why waste your time on this film, but with such bad actors that will make you laugh? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I sat in the theatre I could almost smell the stench of death in the air. It was almost unbearable in the theater. This is how it is.  In a couple weeks of watching this movie I lost half my self. I felt the effects on my skin and felt the sensation in my fingers.  If anyone reading this novel is looking for anything else, this is how to do it. If someone watching this is looking to see how it can be done, this could be the best.  The film has its origins in the late 1940s when it is first shown on the big screen at the Toronto International Film Festival, but it is only now on Canadian TV after decades of neglect. But it has lost none of its originality. It has been released on DVD in the U.S.A. for $1.50.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had this theory: "When the movie is over I can't believe I've ever seen a movie with such an amateurish plot". A movie with the plot this storyline would be excellent, but there are so many other movies with similar plot and so little story.    I don't know if I have seen this before.  But it's the only one I've seen this weekend that had a plot, but at times the movie was incoherently so amateurish it borders on amateurish and so you almost couldn't tell the actors were speaking in another language.  The other films were a waste of time and the dialogue was bad, but that's it.  I'm gonna say this movie is a waste because the acting was bad. In fact, I'm going to say I'm willing to believe I haven't seen it since...maybe they made it up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As this is one of those terrible "B" movies, I can only imagine the acting and plot would be worse, but there are no real story. But then the problem becomes clear. But the problem only really gets started with one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I am still waiting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had trouble sleeping through the night because my wife and I got this movie, but I didn't. I think it had been a disaster, but the characters were really just stupid, I think, really that were OK because they knew they were going to die. But I do not understand why the characters should have had a chance to have any sense. I did not understand how or why the writer thought these people had a reason to live. But what did the writer know? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It may have been a really good idea to make a lot of money, but the only thing that I really noticed was that I was pretty sure that I hated this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie. It is a movie, but it is one of the worst movies i've ever seen in my life. The acting is terrible. This movie makes a joke out of it. It's the kind of movie that has a plot that is so annoying, but the jokes don't work for me to like it. I don't see it, but i know that it can't be a comedy.  I gave this movie a 1 in my top worst movies, but don't waste your time thinking it is, but for the people who do watch this movie, its like the movie you want to laugh out loud about and avoid.  Avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So in the end we're going to be treated like the dog that got run over by a bus. But you know, dogs like to be played.  When I saw this I was stunned, and the rest of the film had me guessing until I was disappointed enough to finally admit defeat. I think the director was trying to shock audiences out of any kind of sleep they may have had. If you like this film you will not be able to enjoy this in the same way as, but you will certainly not be treated as an idiot with a death wish.  The movie is so un-English, I swear it was just written in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even worse. They just don't have enough resources to spend, but they don't waste their time on this movie. It It It.   If you don't get this movie, do yourself a favour. Buy it if you want to, but don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a bad idea, what a waste of...  This is a film in which you get to believe that the actors who act as the parents are the ones who created the son, then kill him. A waste of time, and money to waste. This is not a movie worth of its own and it's not just a waste.   The film itself is mostly about the two main characters and some of their minor characters, but these are not the main reason to rent this or the worst of the waste of your time. You can even spend money to get the original movie on DVD and have it on the shelf as well, though don't expect to.  What is a waste is an awful film that is so bad that you don't believe in Santa, or that he's an all-knowing, all-seeing, omniscient father who comes from the right. He has a lot of new ideas and has been invited to a meeting with Satan and his minions. But the idea of a film like this is simply ridiculous. If you have nothing else to do, rent this and enjoy yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two movies I saw, they were all I've ever seen. The movie starts with a couple of guys playing basketball, but their team loses after one guy is accidentally shot. The rest of the movie starts as one guy walking with two friends to the parking lot after playing a game of hoops. The guy starts to realize that he lost everything he'd ever worked for by doing this. But at the end, the guy comes back and gets his "new" girlfriend, but he still gets cheated. His coach makes a couple hours of television and his dad doesn't have a movie. But he still thinks he's the biggest loser.  The story is told a lot in the first two scenes. But these scenes are also badly acted, bad acting. The script is terrible, I would recommend not renting this movie, but I have no clue if I have seen the first movie, and I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are going to waste your time, go watch this movie. This is the worst film i've ever seen. i'd give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As i was watching this movie i thought it was so stupid because of a guy called Kevin Bacon, and i could only imagine that it wasn't for me, it was for my child, but i am a mother and i was willing to risk the child's life. my child had me beat, and then raped and killed by a guy dressed in the uniform of the soldiers who are sent to fight in his father's home village, but his village had a few of its own problems, including one of the worst movies I have ever seen. and this movie would be a shame to the film world and the world at large. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the worst kind of thing - so bad...  This one looks like it could've been the worst movie ever, but this movie is way too long - and the special effects are way too fake. So if you want to see something like this, then watch until the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original TV series, The Amazing World of Gummi Bears, aired a new episode every Monday morning on Disney Channel. But when this episode was over, the characters were forced to watch the whole thing. But in the meantime, the Gummi bears had to go back to the real world. But that time, which was used to make the Gummo bears, was a few days, not a few weeks. But the episode never aired on television anywhere. The characters in the original Gummi bear had to live in the real Gummi world until the end of the series, but since the episode was made into a DVD and DVD players cost money, people bought these new Gummi versions (since they were made of paper) which cost money. The new Gummo versions were so awful to watch that people said to themselves, this is a bunch of money.  The problem with this episode is that the characters in it were forced, but the actors were horrible, the dialogue was so boring, the acting was so bad. The worst mistake is that no one in the whole series would have said anything. But what people said is what people will say. The rest of the episodes were so bad that people complained of this episode being so bad and this episode wasn't even that bad. I don't recommend this to anyone, but people who are fans of the original series could at least have known better. But I didn't know that, because the whole concept of Gumme! is so awful and this was the only episode that didn't. Gummi, Gummi! is a series about a world full of stupid people who made stupid things in stupid things. In fact, it was a series whose theme was to make Gummi and everything else was an exercise in how not to. It wasn't supposed to be terrible. It was supposed to have a premise and no story and no idea.  In conclusion, this episode, in a way, was like a cartoon episode of a bad episode. But as with the previous episode, there was a lot less money in the cartoon series, which means less money for the writers. The people who wrote the series said they wanted to say, "This is a horrible series about the stupid people of Gumma with horrible and stupid moneyless people, but there is nothing for this series to be funny and no plot, really, they said nothing. They said, "I'd like to see this again, but this time the characters weren't stupid and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main actors (Rourke and Penn) go out with their friends and drive a truck through the woods. But when they stop the truck is engulfed in flames, they get their friend to pull them out. The friend looks like he's going to pull everyone out of the truck. The movie goes out on DVD-VHS. I can't say that the movie went out on VHS, because it was a horrible DVD release (DVD-VMS) and my DVD collection is filled with copies of old VHS copies. It's so terrible.  When the truck gets out of its burning, the two friends leave the car and get into a nearby apartment.   The movie starts in 1990, but the dialogs aren't that good as it's so very predictable and cliché. There are some interesting characters, but it seems like the writing was the main problem.  The DVD includes a small selection of music:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the characters were funny and that's it. I'm a big fan of "Pleasantville", but this film just seemed like one of the worst films I've ever seen. I give it 4 out of 10 because I'm not a big believer in "Powell" and "Hud" the film is also awful and it is truly a film worth of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only way to really get to this one is to rent it from a bad guy in the meantime. It's like renting a VHS tape. So after renting, watch a couple of hours and then see the original. It The Original is a "cult classic" but the first episode is like, "The Incredible Shrink", it's really awful.  If you want to rent this, and have no idea what you're doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot - which, in my opinion, is the worst crime - is terrible and the story - which is supposedly one of the weakest points of the film - is bad. There are very few laughs, but the rest of the plot suffers - and suffers - as it does any other film with a big production value. Unfortunately for those who are truly disappointed, there are a number of plot holes that could be discovered by looking through the whole film. It's a shame I watched the film on my computer a couple months before I was on my own, and I have yet to see it as an event. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one respect, this is a failure of a "made in America" movie. A guy gets shot with a 9mm pistol.  The title alone gives the film a 2.4 rating. It's a very bad movie, but it's got some really terrible ideas in it.   But this is mostly an anti-American statement, but the premise of an American military that can't make it to the North is beyond absurd. It is one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time, and a big disappointment of the piece, though I'm unsure what it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But this one, as all have been before, is just a steaming pile of tripe to the floor. A good film with an interesting plot and a lot of baddies that look like they're on drugs, but just can't find the time to make it happen.  However, the script isn't great. There are no scenes where you see a cop being chased. And while there is enough time to write about all the dumb, boring, and senseless murders that take place, this film takes itself way too seriously for its time, but it is so poorly paced it makes the movie impossible to understand and it drags on a bit too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are either the victims or the actors are the perpetrators of the crime. One of the main things that makes this movie a failure is its complete failure to meet the expectations of a horror film. But even so, it fails to capture the essence of the horror genre.  It's not particularly original, but the movie fails to convey the sense of fear, confusion, confusion and paranoia that we usually get when watching a horror movie. The only thing that really made the movie a success is the constant fear that the people involved in it are going to be infected. We have all been warned countless times that our brains will be fried by a flu or have our throats slit. But the movie is not really scary, but it fails miserably in its attempt to elicit fear.   The only problem I had with this movie is the fact that the actors aren't actors. It doesn't take away from the basic premise that a group of people trying to escape from a black hole of radiation have to fight off various monsters with mutated DNA. But it's very disappointing to see that people are so afraid of this movie. But this may be a horror that the majority of people watching this are really scared of.  There are no other faults in this movie - it just fails miserablist in its attempts to elicit the least amount of confusion and alarmism.  The whole ordeal was simply boring, boring. But if you're a fan of the genre, this is just a must-miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an average film review, it takes a couple of hours to get to see a story - but this is the only reason I can understand why people would waste their money and rent a movie: The idea of making a film with this script is that of making an attempt at a low budget movie with a lot of action. The story is a very standard part of an average movie. I really thought that this was just the biggest joke in the world.  I've seen this movie hundreds of times, but this doesn't explain why people waste money on it. It doesn't make sense and the characters don't act right. There is no way in hell this film should have been made on a budget of $3.50. You're getting the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the only movie that I saw after the movie was broadcast in the United States (I saw this movie in 1990). The rest were pretty good, but this movie has the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. A woman in a bathtub is attacked by her boyfriend while she's on the shower. The boyfriend decides to rape her, and when he reaches the point, he immediately starts screaming and hitting the tub. The movie is filled with sex, nudity, violence, nudity and violence.  The movie starts out in a really bad part about a woman's mother who wants to give birth to a baby with no name, and even a couple of murders, and some pretty serious fights. The guy, the girl and the girl's parents are the main characters in the movie, but the characters are so bad, the dialog is completely incomprehensible and the cinematography is so bad. However, all of this is just a typical MST 3000-style movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some things just don't work right. But if that is your first reaction to watching a movie, you will miss it. A few years ago, a number of writers and directors were hired to write and direct a film version of "Beverly's Vampires". They've all gone on to become major stars, and this film had it all.  But what's next for this film? There are many things to admire in "B" if you like "B". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only time I remember this movie, I had no idea what to do. So it's just a piece of B-movie.  The acting is atrocious. However, there is no such thing as The Grudge. It is beyond stupid.  It's the sort of movie that is made to be a joke. The script is bad. The characters are as they would be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of John Carpenter and his short film The Fog which is a great movie. It's obvious to me that John's film The Thing was, in fact, the worst film I've ever seen and it's obvious that the Thing is a really great movie (though one of my least favorite films, The Fog is a wonderful mix of comedy and suspense which I had to pay close attention to).  The movie starts off with several very bad scenes that seem like they were shot on a large scale and there is a lot of action and laughs. The director and star of this movie is John Ritter who is best known for his role in American Pie (which I also liked) and he is, in a way, even a bit too much of a director. He also does an excellent job at showing the horror of being alive in the middle of nowhere at night with no way of escape.  I love the story line and the sound effects as well and I think you can tell that you'd rather have John Carpenter directing this, but you probably won't. John's movie is great.  The story line is the main reason I gave this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, I thought, if this movie is about being a teenager, why wasn't they in the movie? They did a good job!  This film made me dislike the movie, but unfortunately this is a movie you could actually do without. But, I digress.   I really do like "Trouble In Paradise". I'm happy to see how people got this movie before it was released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was OK, but the plot was really weak, and the acting was not. The production values are so poor, but I didn't think it's the worst movie I have ever seen. It was. I didn´t even remotely expecting much in the way of special effects, but it had it's bad, but nothing as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not too good or it's too long. It's simply a matter of what's in store. The story is all in the title which, on one level, has nothing to recommend it. Its a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never laughed so hard, but I really hate the idea of this one. This one has no story, so it has no point. I would rather see a movie which is actually good, but that's it. If you can, please, please go see this movie, but don't bother expecting an ending, but if you've seen the movies and feel like sitting through it and don't want to waste your time, then this movie is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is beyond reproach. The actors are not even the slightest bit believable.  The story is beyond bad. There's more of a story line than a story to tell in the beginning of the movie. The characters are very wooden and the characters aren't just all wooden and are also very wooden in their roles. They're very wooden. They don't act like a 2 year old.  I've read books that deal with a whole lot of issues that I'm not going to go into, but they certainly aren't that wooden. And the dialogue and character development are very dull, with no real development, either, but only in the way that the actors, characters and story are supposed to be. The whole purpose of the film is to make you feel like you're watching a comedy drama. This is a waste of time. If you're a fan of comedy and have nothing to do and have no time to waste, avoid the movie - it's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bad Film"  This is a bunch of films made by people who are supposedly mentally ill and have never stopped filming in other countries, but when they leave, it's supposed to look like a movie that should be made. The premise is very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's up with this movie? Its not just any movie that I thought was funny or anything. If you don't know why this movie was so bad in the slightest, this movie isn't for you.  The actors are terrible and the jokes are just awful and stupid.... the worst part about this movie is how poor guys can't act. No kidding! No way, and its a load of work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a joke! It is, but this is the only joke that you have ever heard it. But, there is a lot more jokes out there! I can say that my favorite comedy, the one that I used to enjoy watching, was very much like this. It is not funny, but it is still a joke, but the joke is more poorly done than the joke, and a joke that's worse than a joke is not a joke. I can only imagine how someone that has not experienced much humor, but rather something that is so boring and it fails to make a point, but a joke without a point is not in the least funny. The problem with the joke itself is more one of execution, but I thought, I had already experienced it in the film I saw this afternoon.  The jokes were mostly bad jokes, but there were also many more jokes that were not funny. It was a very very, very depressing movie, but not a comedy so bad. The only joke I ever heard was that the whole movie made no sense, but that joke wasn't a joke in the same way a comedy is funny.  This movie is so awful it's like the worst thing that has ever happened before. I give it a 3 out of 10 because they gave it a 4 (out of 10) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a girl with her father and sister trying to escape a home in Mexico, a Mexican girl finds a boy at her father's house, but her and her father find a girl's friend hiding in the house, and the man meets her friends and learns more about the family, aunts and a grandmother in Mexico.  I have read all of these bad, unoriginal films in Spanish and it's about a girl going to a school in Mexico to study the history of Aztec people, but I can see that it's bad.   If you're a fan of movies like this, I would say skip this film, but for people who have never seen it, you should have seen this movie and left it at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching films with a lot of plot, you'll enjoy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was never released on video, but its DVD release was very sparse. In this version, the original actors play three of the three main male characters (Gadget, Ben, and Eric) and the female lead (Tanya) is the girlfriend of Gadget and Eric, but the only real problem I have with this film is that its dialogue is terrible androgynous, and has nothing to do with the main male character. (Not yet.)  The characters are all too typical and the script uninspired in their attempts to make sense and to do as the men in the film do.  The movie had nothing to be said. The characters' motivations are, of course, entirely different from the film to the novel. In that case, there were no real problems with their motives. There is a lot to be done with that, but I can't think of a real problem for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even know why this movie failed because it is not good.  I know the movie is not the best movie I've ever seen.  The movie has the worst idea of a bad idea I've heard.  When the movie starts it's as if the audience is the problem (like with a low budget movie). The movie is as thin as it was before it became a good idea. The director even uses old school actors. I can't say I've seen this movie before it had a decent chance to be the movie that people have been talking about and that I will buy for $3.5. I haven't. I don  This movie is only marginally watchable if you've no idea what it's supposed to be, but the movie drags along without you knowing what it was. It's the same plot, the plot, and the acting are the same, but that's all I'm saying.  But this isn't as bad. The story is boring, but it's so slow and cliché, you'll think it was trying to be taken seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of this film, and I have come to dislike the acting. The writing is horrible, but unfortunately, the film suffers from an awful script, and the director has an insufferably low budget.  I just want to start with the movie and see what they can do.  The dialogue is as atrociously hammy as a Russian novel, but I am astonished at the utter lack of intelligence in every character, even the ones that aren't supposed to be Russian, because they all speak with so much fluency and even go to school in Russian. They are not supposed to have been educated in a Russian school, but they are supposed to know the basics.   And as for the story, there's not one I don't understand, but this is what I think they should have been doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is a very different and different film to many others.  The movie begins with the arrival of an ancient Egyptian priestess named Nekhbeti.  Her presence is an ancient curse that can only be casted by a male priest, and by that she has the power to choose one male male to be sacrificed and become her husband. As he is killed by the ancient pharaoh she becomes Nekhleti and kills the Egyptian priest. Nekhlette becomes Nekheti by sacrificing her husband's brother and son.  One must look no further than the actors to realize that this film is the worst kind of "monster movie".  But this kind of movie is far more than that. There is no way to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only conclude that a couple of movies-makers have been outdoing the very worst of it, but then you know nothing will ever be. This is a case where the filmmakers failed miserably, but the plot suffers terribly for their labors.  And when you realize that these were movies-making mistakes that were supposed to have been corrected, it's hard to sympathize with them.  The script is atrocious.  You have to laugh your ass off the floor and hope that everyone else around you knows what's going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason this movie is even the worst movie of 2001 and then the sequel for the next 10 years!  This is not the worst disaster.  This movie is absolutely abysmal. The acting is awful and the story is terrible. It it not. This movie sucks.  I can't even find this garbage in the video store. I'll give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the story is boring, I am going to assume this is a series of films set in an isolated community on a small island, but without exception, the dialogue is uninspired and the script is uninteresting. The film starts out by casting the whole island of Tanna as an independent state, but the characters are bland and the sets are uninteresting without exception. I don't like movies without actors.  I am hoping that the story will become less predictable than the film.  A single mistake made is not fatal, but it is a waste of time.  This film is an example of how poorly written films are. I would never recommend this to anyone who has a problem with people being poor. If you want to see the worst of it, take it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only a big budget picture. You get to see some of the other actors playing them, but the script and acting don't help you.  The only reason I gave it a chance was because the acting wasn't the best. All the actors and plot seem like they're playing the characters we would like to be played. The movie had no story, but rather just bore the names of actors, and all the actors, I assume, played the roles they were meant to be playing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one of the movie I have ever seen was when I was nine. But that was almost thirty years ago. But this movie was way too long. It's a real bore.  I can recommend this movie with caution and caution, but the idea of a sequel to this movie I would suggest skipping over, but for those of you who actually want to watch this movie, don't do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was all that the movie ever could be, but when it came out after this, I couldn't have been there at the same time. But I'd be lying to myself if I told myself the filmmakers didn't try and create the whole film on a home video camera when they had nothing else to film.  And I was glad I spent the weekend watching it at Blockbuster and I was disappointed because I'd seen the movie in "Blackboard Jungle" at a Blockbuster screening. The movie is by far my least favorite. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After viewing this movie, I immediately thought "Wow!" as in every film I have ever seen, it is not! It is the movie I saw and I can honestly say it felt like I had been shot, tortured, raped and thrown in a cage (yes, that was a stupid mistake...) but that is just me, but it was only that, but the movie didn't do much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and the comedy are both poor in disguise and weak. This movie is one of many examples of an overblown, cartoonish version of "The Grinch". "The Cat in the Hat", a cartoonishly bad movie, is a cartoonish caricature of a bored man who is a Grinch like the Grinch. "The Owl in the Zoo", a bad documentary-style documentary, is an example of a cartoonized version of the same concept. It's obvious that "The Birds in the Sky" are the cartoonish Grinch in a cartoon version of its worst case scenario.  The problem here is not the cartoonist's intention to create a parody, but rather the problem with the concept. When an angry Grinch says to the Grinches of the world, "Be my guest, and leave your beloved bird to me. We need your help, the birds are falling from the sky. Please help us. It will be a sad day for the world".  The movie is also a poor man's attempt to satirize the world in which we live and love to watch. The problem with this movie is that it is boring. The only purpose for it is to demonstrate that it isn't. Grinch has come a long way in the years since, and the Grish would have had to be one of the most boring cartoon characters I've ever seen.  My grade: D 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a few of friends who I really like. I mean, come on, a few people really don't know how to act when they're acting. But there's nothing out of the ordinary, but you know that there are some real actors (or at least one guy who is).  The plot is stupid. They are annoying, but it's not a particularly "bad movie". I mean if you're hoping for a movie that you can get the point, I'm sorry, just think about this as you would any other movie. The characters are so cliché, but if you want to see a movie which is very, very thin, which is in many ways very boring.  I'm guessing that most of the characters (except for the main one in particular) are going to be totally flat, and in that case the movie is very boring and I can't really say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the first one, but I am afraid that if I continue to watch it, then it will ruin my life. This movie has several scenes where there is no sound at all. It Is A Lame Comedy-Horror Adventure. The director is no exception to his poor-man's worst movie-like acting. I'm really shocked to see that most of the actors had never even spoken in front of a camera before. I know there are dozens of people in this movie who had never spoken in public before. The movie is just a bunch of people making small talk about the dumb little things that happen to them. The script is weak as usual, but this movie has a few laughs as well. The plot was very predictable- the story seemed weak. It seemed like this movie didn't deserve it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen, I think it was made by a bunch of actors who could act. If you want to waste your time on the whole ordeal of being a child actor or a teen actor then you will enjoy this movie. If your thinking, "Oh, well, I'm just gonna waste my time watching this movie and think that it will be a good movie and that it is in a way, but it is a really bad movie because of its production.  I'm giving this a 0, but the first time you watch it then think that there was one of those horrible movies, "The Smokers" is one of the worst movies I have seen in a long time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really, really, REALLY hated the way it was made, but only because this was my 1st time around. I didn't like this at all, but the whole notion of the 'worst film ever', or the fact that this was one of the worst 'worst films I've ever' is laughable. It It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have been watching a lot of this kind of film, don't expect to find anything original. This is basically a remake of the original "Ringu" movie. And they don't even make the slightest sense.   The problem with this movie is the fact that it takes the original concept of a Japanese movie and creates it entirely. It has its moments of stupidity. They have no story. They don't make the kind of sense that this film needs, but they just come off as the kind which I thought of when I heard "Sakura Quest", which is probably the worst. The only thing I could really recommend this for (and that is if you really like "Sakurasou" and think you're watching a Japanese remake of "Papillon", but I'm not sure if you've ever seen either of them in their original format, but then the movie loses something here which isn't there, but if you haven't, then this will be a waste of time.  It doesn't make sense to watch "Ripl".  The fact that the story is not developed in any meaningful way, but that there is nothing original about the concept. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a huge pile of money. The whole movie is a load of garbage. The writing is horrible. I'm trying to make the best of this movie, but not in a way that has anything to do with money. If you want to see a movie that has nothing to do, go see that. I can say with much more authority than that this is not a movie about people in diapers. A real waste of time if you want. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not the worst thing. It is so bad, and it is not just a bad flick. I am a huge fan of the movie, but I don't know how they ended. I know it's supposed to be a disaster.  There are no explosions, no explosions at all. The movie is also slow and uninteresting. And I give this movie two out of ten out of f*ckin hell. But it's too long to get it onto a "B" list, and you have to see this for yourself! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie has been criticized for being a typical horror film. The plot is very uninteresting. There are very few good horror films in this part. The movie starts off with a guy being tortured in a remote location, but it is the standard formula of a thriller and horror film that has not been invented yet.  There are some interesting characters, but they do not merit their attention. This is one of those movies that has nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very impressed with the premise of the film as the result of a mental breakdown. There are also several other problems which we may come across throughout the film.  The film is directed by David Mamet, who also wrote the script. I have watched several other films which deal with mental problems of any kind, but only this one seems like it. What is there to like? What does it mean that the man is talking to the child? This film's premise does not hold up to that, but there is only one thing I have not given him the benefit of a second look.  I do feel sorry for the director's intention, but he also needs a second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a huge fan of this movie. It's a movie you can rent if you are willing to spend an hour or two to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of this movie. I was so excited to see if they had finally figured out a way to stop people from using too much weed and getting high (they already knew they were going to use this with friends). It  This movie was just plain annoying. And the worst part about this movie is the fact that it starts out, so badly, so terribly. The script in this movie made me angry because it seemed to be about an autistic child that has autism and can't communicate because it gets too hot and tries to turn the radio off. I guess they got the idea for this movie when they realized that the autistic child was getting high and using things like kryptonite, as well as other forms of electricity. It is not the worst movie in the world, but they did put in a lot of very poorly acted, poorly acted jokes. This movie got the worst of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Not bad writing by an overqualified author.  But only after we have seen so much writing by the author. The acting was not at all good, but the writing was not bad, it was the plot not the characters at all a bad. The only plot problem I've noticed is when we have to endure it just to have our lives made a little easier.  In short, there's nothing else to complain about. I could even go on a long boring summary about how to write and edit such a script, but this one isn't for you.   I have only one thing to say: this is really a bunch of nonsense. You get to write all the "story" and you get to edit all the dialogue. The writer must have done some research on the subject.  The thing I'm most upset about is the dialogue which was terrible. He had to have a plot in place and could not have done it in less than 20 lines. In some parts it was a total joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the sequel, "Second Sight" which comes out in November 2008. "Second sight" is the movie with two black female students. I thought this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen because this movie is the only one with a title I've seen. This movie was very badly written and I am tired of reading this movie and seeing it again and again. But if you're like me you're probably tired of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I'm surprised that it didn't end, but it it ended...but you can go ahead and see it for yourself: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that it's not for the acting. But I think it's just bad. This is a waste of the worst.  The plot is weak, but it fails to capture the audience. It's not like I know the actors from the show and have them over for tea. It fails at all, but the problem is that they are trying to be funny and trying to write an original screenplay instead of just giving the movie a 1 instead of an 0. In conclusion, there are many holes in this movie. This movie is so bad and so predictable.    It is one of those movies that I could have written and produced myself. The film is a bore. But for all the problems it has, it's far from funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this documentary film in the documentary The Real American Horror Story, which was based on a collection of old, and sometimes terrible, stories of horror that was based upon actual events that occurred in 1836. The result was a confusing and disjointed and disoriented journey. The film, though poorly made and uninteresting, is not in a film that is devoid of pretentious editing and amateurish set-design.  I also found a fascinating collection of early movies, as the result of two films that appeared in the same year as this film. However, it was a little like the first Nightmare, where it seemed like nothing happened in two films and no events ever transpired in one of the films that followed. The only exception was an illogical sequence of events, which occurred in Nightmare. However the events were neither of the film's fault. There is nothing like Nightmare.  The cast, though amateurish, is atrocious and, though uninteresting. The acting is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really think the script was funny... I think the writers were really funny and the actors were really OK.  I think it was only a problem if you think you will enjoy watching this movie.  My Grade: 3 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a waste of time - I'm giving this two stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is really one of the worst movies ever. There is no story. It is like the movie of the 80s. This is one of those movies that try to be funny. They have no story and no message. They are just bad people and the acting is awful. However you will be hard pressed to find anyone who can produce such a movie. But the movie has no real story whatsoever. It lacks originality and originality in a movie that is really bad.   The film is about a guy who is trying to find someone who will give him a raise. But then it becomes about two losers, a guy that is on his way to being an engineer and a guy with a dream. He finds out that this is the man who made the movie. His dream is of creating a rocket and firing it off, but he can't do it. And if you are a fan of this movie you will hate the movie since you will think that the people who made this movie were a bunch of people that didn't know what a dream is supposed to be.  The cast has a buncha actors that was not even remotely credible. I don't understand why anyone would waste time with this because it was a sitcom. What a waste.  If you don't believe me then why did the guy think that he could make a movie where he is getting laid and getting money? His dream wasn't even the same. It wasn't because it wasn't supposed to last forever. If you do believe me this movie will make your skin crawl and you will enjoy it for a long time. This movie is like watching "The Sound of Music" or "Funny Girl" or what you get when you watch "Fido" and "Little Boy" or anything else. The bad script is bad movies, but there are no actual funny scenes and no script either.  I suggest that you do not waste your time watching this garbage. This may be the worst movie of all movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only two of the worst films I have ever seen in my life, but the film didn't have much to do with the film. But, I couldn't be bothered with that. It is the type of movie I have to be afraid of. And it is the kind of movie that really sucks in its entirety. The main character is a cop who ends up dead in a matter of seconds. The cops who investigate this incident are on the payroll of the guy who did the autopsy and who got a free ride to Mexico for free. They were never questioned. The autopsy is performed in the morgue of a morgue in Mexico City (for some reason) but the cops (who know the body is going to be burned and the autopsy results sent to a private lab in order to be analyzed by a private company) are never interrogated or questioned. They are just hired because the police are supposedly there for a couple days. The two main characters, who had to be the main actors, are supposed to be real people. I really believe this guy was a real guy. He looks like he's on a date or something. The ending is a bad and unnecessary mistake. The acting is bad and the dialog is bad, but no one in their right mind would actually waste 15 minutes of a movie. There are many scenes that seem to be completely implausible. But at the end they start crying because of the body going to the morgues and then the morgrims take over the body. It's like they are supposed take over and murder people. Then, everyone is dead or they are going to die. There is really no suspense.  The morgue scenes were supposed to show the real doctors doing the autopsy, and it's like someone on a bad case of flu is taking over and running everything (a girl in the lab), but that would be the only point of a film I had ever seen since I was 5 years old and was not even that excited. The first person in the body, who the coroner (or whoever the coroner decides to interview after the coroner's death) decides to investigate, is a female doctor who is on her last shift. The coroner's assistant (the morgue attendant) is a morgue attendant. The morguedore's assistant is a lab assistant. No other person, or any of the nurses, or the doctors, are shown in the film either. That's all I have seen, but that was it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie recently, but I couldn't see it! I'm sure they thought it would be funny or entertaining!  And they didn't.  So let's get started.  The story of two young friends who try to make this one a flop, but lose the film to a friend who doesn't believe it when he says it has no plot.  I just couldn't believe the "story" they put out there was "bad" for a film. But they tried and gave you "fake" answers and tried to make you believe what they told you. There were some "good" jokes. I'm going to be honest with this and say that this movie didn't do anything to convince me that the writer is telling me the truth and this movie could have been so much better. They even go in to tell you the stories themselves, but this has the look of a movie with a couple of laughs and some real bad characters.    If you want to go see this, take your money and leave your $9.00 on the counter at WalMart and walk away thinking you won't get robbed, but the only thing worse than this movie was the fact that it cost you $9 to rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, "Death of a Dream", is a bad joke and there is no joke or joke in this film. The joke is awful. And there is the movie's main fault. The film itself is a joke, but in fact Death of a dream is supposed to be a joke or a plot that is just awful because someone had some dreams that were horrible, in fact, too disturbing. Death of the Dream is also supposed to suck. It sucks because the plot is supposed, in all seriousness, to be told in a funny way. I found this movie not only because I hated it and I hate it because it's not funny.  This movie also fails miserably in the worst way possible. The script, script writing, jokes, acting, direction, directing, animation are not even mediocre. This film is awful and is not a joke. No one wants to waste the film in which a woman's dream gets real. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, that's enough to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a drek - how many hours of film making, editing, sound design, production, marketing, promotion, advertising, etc, etc. etc., etc., can anyone do in six months, but it's really really a mess of business-making, money-making and ego-stroking.  What can be said, however, is that there is much room for improvement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend (Michele Sartain) wants me to "make it big and get it paid back," but I was going to be one of those guys who pays that money back, the only problem I ever had with this movie was my confusion as to which side of the story the story is. Unfortunately, there was no payoff and it was so bad and so boring.  My first viewing was of a video in my old room, when my cat was playing fetch (don't get me started), but I've already decided not to waste my time. This movie is so incredibly boring, I don't think I can watch it again. This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. You will be sad. You'll want to hit fast forward through this movie, go to sleep, and spend your life on the couch, because it will be boring. It's only 3:30 in the morning when you will start laughing uncontrollably and lose your ability to feel anything.  I recommend skipping this movie over the entire first half of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the principal character, Alex, is a kid who plays in a high school chemistry class. Alex, a kid's friend, is also a kid. The two kids have many problems. They spend time in an amusement park which is under construction to be torn down. The movie is only a bunch of pointless shots from a bunch 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that people who are not really able to understand the meaning behind this movie - but they are unable to get themselves to understand this meaning in the movie. It it it - but the only people who understood this meaning was the actors and the audience. I was surprised that these actors, in their first movie ever, looked like their acting was awful. They looked like they were at home - not in their movies. They got some acting from people who aren't able to act - I can't think of any reasons why this should be the worst movie of the year.  It didn't make sense. it didn't follow - you understand.  The movie had no story - but I think that's because the story - and the story were not really a story at all. it wasn't even worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that this film was shot in the beginning when the whole film was in cinematronics and was showing movies for the first time in a large theater, but this film had never been shown in a theater. The plot was predictable and predictable, but that didn't save this film from the worst that was coming from the producers. It was the producers that had made this film to have the movie shown to the public in an effort to build a cult following, but it failed miserably. But if you were expecting a cult follow up from "The Dead." It's not "The dead," but the production values were ridiculously low, and the movie lacked the usual amateurish production value that would be expected from a film that had been made only to generate interest.  I have never laughed so hard at a movie in a cinema theater, and only in the worst case scenario, but I have NEVER laughed so much at a non-movie (or non-film).  It's too bad to be in bad taste, but the actors were amateurish, and I found myself laughing so hard that I nearly fell off the chair, and in the film itself the jokes were weak, the characters were predictable and not funny, but these were the only characters that made me roll on the floor laughing hysterically. The movie seemed to drag itself to death.  The script is so boring and predictable and the script so poor, that you expect it to make sense.  You can say this to someone who is laughing in your face and not understand what the hell is going on.  "Dead Poets Society" is a very poor example of the kind of movie this film should have been. "Dead or Alive" is another poor example. "I was bored."  So if you want to see "Dead" for the sake of entertainment, you better get the hell out of your seat and find something else to do with your time.  Unfortunately there are several things this movie has, but most of them could have been better scripted, and this is the movie that I have laughed so long in my life, and even though there was nothing to laugh about in this film that was in bad form of a real joke that would not have made people laugh. "Boredom" is probably the worst consequence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the type that gets me to watch the whole movie. I know this is just another way for the director to say "I just saw this movie and decided to put it in my movie instead of my book".  The dialogue is so annoying in this movie that it's excruciating painful. The movie is so uneventful that its a waste of time, but they can't say that without trying. My Grade: ****   The plot is predictable and predictable, but it seems like the movie itself is uninteresting and it's a waste to see. The character development is also predictable and boring and uninteresting, but the film itself is boring and the acting is uneventfully terrible. There's no real plot, but there's nothing else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see where the real movie was at, but it is one of those movies where, when the movie is over, its really just about to end! But the movie has so many clichés, but only because the movie was so stupid and I can predict every possible plot!  I had no clue what a real movie might look like. However, I didn't even know that the movie had a lot of potential, but all this was my first time seeing the film. It was a bit of a disappointment since I am not the movie and I had the opportunity to like it, but the ending was completely predictable and I didn.t like it.    If you don't like it or if you like any other movie: it is the type of film that I think that movies directors should never make! it was so predictable that it wasn't even predictable. I hope I never have the opportunity again, but that is only my personal wish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was based on a real disaster in an abandoned slum.  The cast were mainly unknown actors: one of the worst disasters in modern China is the tragedy of the Three-Year-Worst-Wedding-Day.  And there's something in this film that I don't understand.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting this to be an actual horror film, but I also like horror films that are made with money. I was disappointed that the script is very weak, but it seems to be the only reason to watch this film. But, this film seems to have been made for all the wrong reasons and you can only imagine how badly made it is. However, there is no real way to make the characters appear like the actors in most of the other movies. But as I said this is probably the worst film i have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not as poor as I was expecting, but I can't say this is a bad film, but it is not the worst film I've ever seen either.  I did not expect this film to be bad.  The actors and direction, along with the sound design, were good. The whole concept of the film is a bit different and a bit of a waste. It would be nice if it was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main characters (played by Jeremy Allen and Dan Stevens) try to form a friendship for each other, and they try to get the last movie together to see if it will last. I found that it didn't.  The problem with that is that the movie had a story. It's not about friendship at all. It is about an alcoholic father trying to force his son out of the family home when he finds his son drunk on the roof. It just feels like an uninteresting movie, but it's not the movie, just a poorly directed movie with no interest whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Warm" is sooooooo very unfunny. This film is so bad. I mean, come on. It.  The "W" is what I'm looking for. But why do I care? The story is pretty shallow. The dialogs are lame. The sets are tacky. They do that for a reason, but at the same time they have to come up with something. In this film, the "W," is an insult. And in the end it's as if it were "C", but "C" is still awful.  There are few times that this film could have been "W". It is an extremely un-Wary and unwatchable. I really want to write a negative comment on "Warma". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's really nothing to like about.  The story and the characters are as well as many scenes that are just bad and annoying parts.  It is NOT a terrible plot. The film is also a waste of time. It is one of the worst films I've ever had the displeasure of watching for a couple of years.  I give this a zero out of ten because I want to see a movie that has a plot and a decent storyline for my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, after several of these so-called "horror" movies disasters, and more on this website you will realize that this website is a bad site. However, with the help of the site's user-submitted "Top 25 Scariest movies in the world", one can conclude that the site has a poor grasp of its audience.  It's a terrible and terrible mistake. A mistake so big that it was a mistake.  This website has nothing. Its a shame for the site and its users, but what else can we say. It's the biggest shame in the entire Internet, but this site has lost something of its own: the site is too slow for what we had in mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst kinds of terrible movies. The problem is: there are scenes of sexual violence and rape that take us out of the horror movie. The worst part of this movie was the one where the main character tries to rape a girl who is about to be raped by a group of men who all have sexual relations with each other and have sex with the main heroine.  The main character (played by Scott Biese) is a group leader who rapes his secretary and threatens to rape the girl the secretary has been in love with. And this rape was bad because the main guy (Robert Downey Jr) has to be in a position to prevent it. Biesé had the misfortune of being a sex toy. However, it was only a disappointment because he's not in a leading role in the movie, but because Biesei is in it. I had to go to my local video store to rent this because I didn't want to waste my money on a bunch of terrible "horror" movies. But when I got home I decided to rent it anyway because of the terrible script, but not because of a sex scene or because the woman was a slave (I did!). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has its ups and downs. But I couldn't think of it in 2 days...  This was way too boring and very boring. Don't waste your time.  It!  The only thing I can recommend is this - you'll like it, but it's not that great a movie.  I can't say that I saw a lot of this crap - so bad, let's see if I can actually say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of "Saving Grace" - this film has many of the usual "bizarre" situations - i.e. the woman on the top of a huge crane - her friend on the side - his father - her mother - his friends - her son - her friends - the other two guys - the one she sees when she is in love. But the rest of the movie doesn't give me the slightest idea what the "plot" is supposed to be about.  The only two situations where you can feel cheated (and you get some closure), are the ones where the women are in love and the situations are really dire, and the scenes in this film are absolutely terrible. I am sorry to say that this is one of the most terrible films i've ever seen.  I'll keep this in mind when i'm getting drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is so bad. But only in this movie you really feel cheated.  This is another example of Hollywood's bigoted attempts to re-produce a popular comedy series starring Ben Stiller as Jason Stiller. The joke is based on nothing more than a failed sitcom pilot which will have you laughing throughout the entire series. Stiller and Stiller are not funny in this comedy show. The show is not that much better than this show. This is a joke. But not in a funny way. In this sitcom they have a show that is as idiotic and unbelievable as many other sitcoms. It is so idiotic. There are so many shows in this world which is just as idious and unbelievable and unbelievable. The writer should have left things alone because they have no idea of what to do with themselves. I've heard that they did this with a lot more jokes than sitcoms which are based on reality.  I am glad they have such a funny show.  Stiller is a good actor and the jokes are all idiotic or bad.   If you are looking for the real comedy which has nothing to do. You will find a comedy that is based off the same principle as the rest of us. The humor is not funny and the plot is not so bad because the other jokes are worse.  The other thing is how it is so boring. For example I really hate the idea of people changing jobs. When people change jobs they have more responsibility. The other two shows are pretty bad. It makes a lot of sense. But it is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one really likes this because they are a very bad movie.  This film is so unbelievably bad, it's hard to believe that you're actually watching an amateurish version of a first-rate disaster movie, but not so good. But it isn't as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But in spite of the fact that the story line is so obvious and the characters so flat and dull...  This is the kind of movie that doesn't deserve a 3.  What happens?  The main character falls through a cave and falls right through a ceiling, right through his hand... it is almost impossible to imagine, but the movie never comes close to anything close to the sort of pain inflicted by that, which is a pain I could not bear.  The only problem with this movie, which I found rather puzzling, is that the main character is the first to realize that his body is an object, but he goes about his life knowing that, but only because it is so transparent, but if you are hoping for more than that you have to suffer the consequences. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original "The Girl from Space" was a much more enjoyable movie: its charm is the first thing I ever saw. And that's exactly the point I'm trying to make. As for the "Girl in the Mirror" and the "Boy from Space". The film that contains the title "Lunar Dog".  The story lines have been reworked a lot and a half: the film does not do this in a fun way; it does it to show how the concept of a single entity, man and woman, being together could have been the beginning of a relationship. The actors are of course just terrible, wooden characters.  The sound design is a bit annoying, as they come close to acting.  A couple of reviewers here commented that the script and the sound design are also badly written, although that is the problem, but they do not explain why this could have happened, and that's just my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very weak to the script, but I did not see this film. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film religiously for years. I knew that if I sat through the whole movie and waited to the end I would be rewarded with one of the "most expensive" (cheesy) cheesiest looking pictures I had ever seen.  The actors who played the main characters were pretty amateur and bad. One of the main problems I had with this film was that it was written as though a couple had broken up or started a family. If they hadn't, what the heck, they were both teenagers and parents who had just gotten divorced.  I just couldn't believe this film had the audacity to make my eyes bleed.   The main problem I had was that this film looked like it had actually been written by teenagers (who are already married) and there are no actual teenagers in it. The girls were younger than the boys.  My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really surprised that this movie is better than this "worst-movie" of the movie, which is about a young girl who, on a first date, agrees to go with her boyfriend in order to have sex. She is obviously under age. And it's not in a good way, but it's just not in the worst way at all. And, what a waste of it, and they should have known better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible because the story is terrible and all-too-much-familiar. But I thought the story was bad and it was an action movie. But what happened next was the beginning.   The movie is just bad and boring. This movie is like one of those movies that you can only watch if you're desperate and you can't take any action whatsoever.  It's like the first film of 2001, and there is only one major difference. It is really boring.  And then when they're in the boat on the beach, you see them swimming with the girl and then you see the boy trying to save the girl. You see him at a gas station and the boy and the girl are driving away. It's a very slow movie, but that was when we were young and the story wasn't important. But at the end when the girl gets back to civilization, the boy is a young teenager. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What does a B-movie have in common with this one? What the hell is the deal with the plot? What are we expecting? The plot is the weakest part of the movie. The plot itself is so weak because we have to sit through a movie which is full of clichéd clichés and bad script.  This movie is so much garbage. A big part of its value lies in its use of clichés. The movie has such a plot that the audience is expected to sympathize with them. Even though this story could have been written and directed in any way, it's like watching the movie to get into the idea and executioner's mindset of someone who is caught in an act of murder.   The main bad idea of the whole thing is the one that the actors themselves use. But this is the movie I'll give it the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what i can do, this is what they can do too. They can't even manage 1.9Billion. They are able to shoot anything. However it to death. However this also means it takes away from movies and it also means that the movies doesn't have any point. i mean the plot isn't funny, the cinematography is good and the special effects are ok.  the story has a lot of points. for example it is not funny and the main problem is that the characters are uninteresting. and when the movie fails it is boring and the story is boring. which is not my problem. the main fault is that this movie only focuses on the movie. this movie is not worth sitting through for 2 hours. the plot is poor, the characters is uninteresting or the plot stupid. and as a main problem i think it is also bad at telling us about how stupid movie it is. in conclusion the movie is too long and the characters only have 1 point, but in my opinion the movie would have had better use of it than the plot. the end is stupid. there is no point to watching the movie, its boring to just waste your time.  this movie would get a 1 because it failed badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the book. I was waiting for this to come out. The premise is one of the worst sort, but it, which is completely without merit. I'm just going to say there's nothing more to say. However, I will give this a 2 out of 10 for the first 3 minutes of the movie, where the girl looks as if she's trying to have sex with the guy, though I did not even think this was very good either. The thing I noticed about this movie is that the guy looks like he's trying very hard to have an affair on top of this. His girlfriend looks as though she's in love, and at times the guy says things like, "The guy wants me to stay with her because she wants to be a nun," but I'm not sure why it's so special to have that same kind of idea. "Why would a guy want to be with a woman? You'd think she was going to be very unhappy. She is very unhappy." I mean, the guy just wants to have his way. It's only natural that this has the worst of it.  The other girl is just "too happy" for the guy and, well, that's the point. The only real problem is that, after they've spent all they've got, the girl leaves and gets to go find another man. The guy ends up falling in love and decides to marry her instead of her dad because they want to do the same and the dad doesn't. He's very unhappy at the end because the girl is now a nun, and, even though the idea isn't in your face, it's very obvious that they aren't happy with her, but, they're really not in love. But, I just wanted to mention that it's not that they don't love her; they want it. The end. Well, this movie ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an insult to the writer of this piece. He doesn't write a positive review about how the movie was made. He writes a negative comment about the director and the writer, but he doesn't even say a positive reviewing review about any of these movies.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in my third or fourth grade book, "The Story Behind the Story" with my dad, and he was embarrassed. He was embarrassed by the teacher. He told me he had not been able to talk to my dad and he said he had to talk with me to explain the situation. He said I had to call a special number. The teacher said I have to say the number. He wanted me to say it with a little more dignity and less profanity. He just wanted me not to say any of the profanity that had been used to get me in the door.  If you are a kid like me, and you get called a lot, don't be surprised that the teacher's are laughing in your face, but don't call me one. The worst I can say about "The Art of Storytelling" is, "How can you make this story real." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this movie, then you need a real movie. The film is only a "loopy" fantasy movie, but it is a disappointment for a bunch of young teens who just don't know what to do with their time. The idea of being a teenager (and a writer) is a serious challenge, but at the end of the movie they just walk out on a cliff and disappear. The movie is not a "drip" of the worst "dribble."  The idea is so predictable that you may find yourself getting carried away. You may even get sucked into a "convoluted" ending, where your life suddenly goes into full gear, but you just have to think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are so wooden, the story is so contrived, the acting so wooden. The script is such as a joke.  The storyline is predictable. It is predictable, but not in the most predictable ways, such as when they say it is so predictable.  Then they move on to say it was so predictable because they were playing it. But I can't tell you WHY or HOW, and how could you. I'm sorry.  But I'm also kind of sick, but I can take my time. But then you go on to accuse me of wanting to be a "sick" person and so I'm a "bad actor". This is the kind of movie I have never seen before.  If you don't know what you're doing you will hate me. You will hate every other movie you've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is interesting. I'm sorry, the acting is...interesting. The writing is stupid. It's obvious the writer and director were two peas in a pod. They both wrote the movie in French. This is a waste of time. The first 15 minutes of the movie is boring. They should have just turned it off and bought another movie. I give it a three. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny. It's not funny, but not entertaining. This movie has no storyline, but does it the same way that a first rate TV movie has. It it tries. There's no reason to waste your time, but I can't fathom the reasoning behind it, which is that the actors in this movie were either on drugs or in love. There was no real plot, but it had so much potential as a B movie. A good movie, even if you don't give this a 2 in order to waste 15 minutes of your life with one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was going to be this film's best. It is!  The movie is so long, that it is a pain to sit through. It's horrible that it makes you want to puke up your eyeballs, but then, who knows?  The cast of the movie are so bad. But then who cares? Who cares that the movie is about a bunch of guys that live on a train? Who is responsible? The director has no clue. But the writer has some. The acting is worse.  The script is terrible.  And the actors are so uninteresting that you may start to care about it.  It is SO MOTHERFUCKED that I'm not even going to waste my time with that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an aside, this film, much like The Shop Around the Corner, is actually quite watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of you may have seen the movie, and maybe you've even had friends over. That's how the whole thing gets started, but the movie is boring, with scenes of kids eating chocolate cake, and the music in the background is terrible! The movie looks like an extremely long movie, but that's a good idea for any horror fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie back in the 80s at a flea-market. It was awful, it was awful. But the movie had some kind of message. But it was pretty bad. So when the message came out it was so bad it was funny. It's a bad idea.  The original idea was to have a movie with only one joke. The other parts were very boring. I like the idea of making a movie which had no jokes in it. But not enough to make a movie out of a bad. You got to laugh at the jokes and then be serious and try and enjoy the movie. This movie had so much going on that you get lost and the actors didn't. You have a few laughs and at times you will laugh so hard you will bleed and then you'll be bored.  I hope it will get better as the years go by. If you like it you will be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this doesn't qualify as bad movie and this is what I will miss the most.  It's just not the best I have ever seen. The plot and acting were too bad. The jokes were weak, the story wasn't bad.  The plot was too weak and the characters too bad, the plot was just dull. It's sad when people realize they've been watching a bunch of comedy, and are going to start doing it again.  In conclusion: This is not a comedy show or a comedy movie. I don't believe it to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but I'm starting to doubt that it was, at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie, that i am trying to be a movie reviewer, is that it is so poorly written. But its the type of film I want to avoid for the next 3 years. The acting is bad, the plot is terrible and excuse my french is bad. But that aside, the only one i was mad was the one who tried to give a movie of this title to a school in France, but this film is so bad that my brain cells have already died. It's the kind of film that makes you want to punch yourself in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not for the first time.  But that doesn't do a whole lot for this movie. But the plot is bad, the cast is poor, the costumes are tacky, the soundtrack is OK, and it is still a waste of time and a waste for anyone who is looking for something to waste their time. But this isn't a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is quite intriguing because of the fact that the title character is black.  This film could have been the first American film to really hit the big time and it was probably the most disappointing and disappointing movie to ever be made about race relations in the modern world.  If you have ever been to the South, you will find this movie to be an embarrassment in the eyes of the American public.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original one was a very low budget and in the beginning of the last century, most of the people living in the village were killed. Most of the bad guy's victims were killed in an extremely slow manner with large knives and a rope. Unfortunately, it just seems very slow. This movie is terrible, but not so fast. The problem is that this movie lacks the energy, speed, and endurance that makes one so afraid, yet I don't know if there are any more energy sources at play. The original story, though, it's all too slow and predictable. It's like the movie I saw when I was 6.  My Grade: C- 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few decent things to like in this movie... maybe.  I liked the first 30 minutes to two thirds of the movie. The last one hour and ten minutes were simply for me to laugh so hard the movie would stop.   I also thought this movie was bad and had to be stopped and corrected by my parents. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen...but the acting is the worst part of this movie.  It is a joke in itself!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only one that I haven't seen is this one, and this one is pretty awful. There's not much in the movie. It's just a bad film that only gets a small chance to show what it's like to be. The film is very un-PC. It tries too hard. It is so un-fun.  This film is terrible. It has the worst acting I have ever seen. It seems like the entire production cost of this movie was $100 million. It really does not do much for anybody. It should not.  The movie ends with a terrible ending and an empty-handed statement that says it's the worst movie ever. It also comes off like a pile of corn. If you're a fan of this film, I recommend not seeing this at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of my favorite horror films, Blood Feast is truly the scariest of the bunch, but its originality lies in being a bad remake of the original. Unfortunately for its intended purpose, it's only about a zombie-themed version of the story that only takes a few minutes to set up the scene where a man meets the woman he's killing. This film tries to recreate the original script, but it's not very convincing. The director obviously knows that it's a big genre and he probably also knows that he's working with a big name director that has a major horror franchise and that he knows how much he needs a budget to make good movies. The film suffers from a small budget.  The film starts out with a couple of characters walking down a street and a couple fighting over a baseball bat. I had to turn off the sound in the theater. I've seen a bunch of other films, but these were by far the worst. And the zombie-slasher scenes are really bad because it's too hard to build in a low budget. It's so bad, but even then, its original problem is the real problem. This zombie movie fails miserably. The characters were not well written.   Avoid like the plague if you see this film, even if you are a fan of the genre. The acting is pretty thin for a film that's in the "Zombie Lake" territory, but this was just awful bad. The only "plot" was a joke, but the film was probably the worst case of the type that fails when it tries to make something so "good".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It wasn't this bad movie. It was the other way around. I was a bit disappointed by the idea that people are going to think this was a movie made by two writers whose names rhyme with "Avengers". So basically this is a movie with two writers with very different voices. There is no mention of a male writer who has a voice that is different from a female. There's one female writer and two male writers. If you are expecting anything more then you have to look at this, but if you are looking for something that is totally original then you should see this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is kind of a waste of celluloid, but it wasn't. I can't imagine this movie is supposed to be like "Mystery Men: The Lost Boys" or "The Fog of Love", it's just not.  I give it 4 instead of 1 (or maybe it should have been 1, 2, 4) because I was looking for something in it that was only barely below a two. A girl in love with a boy who is "so very, very bad", who is a "satisfied" person, who is in love only with someone who she finds to be a "competent" person and who has "no life", because that girl was in love not with her, and she was so bored. I thought it was funny for the sake of being boring in the movie, but I don't know why. I had no idea what was going on or why, but no idea how to make a movie that isn't boring. The only thing I could have wished for more was better writing, and not to waste my time. I gave the movie a 2.  The acting in "Stardust Memories" is the worst part of the movie.  There were so many scenes I felt like going to the dentist because I could see the teeth, but that isn 't the point of the joke. I mean, the characters were not all uninteresting, but the director did what he could. There were too many "boring" scenes, but they weren't all boring. This movie should have stopped making sense at any price, but instead it kept the audience entertained. The worst part was the story line. I was laughing when I turned the TV on, but then I had to take the remote out of my pocket and turn it off because of the sound on the TV. They did not really matter at all.  Unfortunately, the joke was just one long joke and they were boring.  And the characters weren't just "bored" so they didn't have to sit through several minutes of dull scenes. It was a pretty average movie. There are two scenes where the director got a lot of laughs, but this movie got the worst. The characters were boring and uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing is this: "We had to make a movie about a boy that got killed" but somehow there are scenes where it's not clear what exactly is the matter and why.  What I mean is this, when the police officer first sees the boy he says "Hey boy, what's your name?" but then he says this: The police officer was the main character and he was killed by a zombie. The scenes are obviously awful.  The ending was bad in the worst way possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you read this review, you will know that it is a B-movie. The only reason I mention it, but only because I saw it. I only know how it was made. This is just another example of a bad film. If you want to know what is wrong with this film, I suggest you spend an hour or two more in a class at some local college. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, dialogue, and direction were way to build up suspense. It (I hope).  I give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this film were very open-minded and had to do something for themselves. But when it looked like the makers wanted to have some fun with their own films. As a result I had high expectations of this.  I had expected this to be like "Before Dawn" or "Before The Dawn" which is an early documentary which is narrated by the director. The two documentaries were very different in their approaches. "Before dawn" focuses on the people involved and the relationship between them and their own life and experiences, while "before dawn" is about the young people involved. The director doesn't go into detail and explains every person involved, but I was disappointed by the documentary style of the movie which felt very much like a "Natural History" documentary. There were some beautiful moments, although the whole thing wasn't for me. The film feels more natural and less "artsy".  The story of these people is bleak and sad in a way that "Before Sunrise" never could, but there was nothing to recommend this for anyone looking to see some depressing documentary about people that are in some sort of crisis. The worst I could say was that "before the dawn" felt "arty".  My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where the killer starts and then kills all of his victims with a shotgun. The killers go out after killing one victim, leaving the dead one to die of suffocation in a bathtub. The body goes into a bath, a hot water shower then turns the killer into a monster. He then throws the dead man into a giant washing machine, where he gets sucked into a washing machine. The killer then leaves the dead person to die, then throws him back into the water. He starts the cycle over again. Then one day the killer kills the dead guy, then the guy starts getting attacked by other people. Then the guy runs off naked, kills the other people, then runs into the car. The guy then runs to a shower and starts drying his hair. He also throws another guy into a shower, but when he turns around, his clothes and shoes come off, his underwear falls off, and he sits in the shower. The shower turns out to be a giant laundry machine! The killer kills him in the car, but the clothes and clothes get washed by this giant machine and then a monster emerges out of nowhere and starts killing people with a shovel. The monster throws the car into the washing machine and starts beating them with a big stick. The car turns out a monster-killing machine that the killer can control at will! The monster comes out to attack the killer, but he kills everyone instead.  The movie begins with the guy talking on the phone to the people he knows in another town. Then a boy runs out of a building to meet the guy. The girl is also killed by the killer before the guy drives away. The two main characters get attacked by monsters before the dead killer starts running around naked. The people he meets are killed off by monsters that go around naked, but then he runs to the shower to dry his hair, then he goes to the car and shoots him in his head with a gun.  However, at the end of the movie a monster comes into a church with the body of a woman who was killed when he and the girl run off together. But then he then gets attacked by a monster that goes around naked with an enormous chainmail, with no clothes on and no weapons. He kills the monster and the dead girl starts to die slowly.  This movie had a lot of action. It is not a remake of a horror movie with big action and big monsters that we are used to seeing. The story line is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a few short films, but it could have been a lot worse. I gave this movie a 2 because it had some "romantic" sex scenes that could be considered "pornographic". If I hadn't seen this film, my opinion of this film would have been higher than it was at any other time. The film itself, as a whole, is one of those movies I don't think I will ever want to see again. I would, however, want to be able to understand why this film was made. There's nothing wrong with the film, except perhaps the fact that the movie is based on a Greek myth. I didn't think the story could be taken from myth to movie, but that was never my biggest concern. I did want to point out that there are no real mysteries or deep ideas to the movie, though it never got anywhere near the depth of the story I was expecting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not that bad. This movie was supposed to be boring, but the cast are the worst actors in the world.  If you look through the list of worst film I have ever seen, but if you're looking for anything, I won't give you the time.   I don't think it has to be a horror film, but I am sure it can be a low-budget horror flick. This was one of those "horror" films that I really didn't like. It was a great disappointment and I hope it can get a proper release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a movie with the name "RICHARD BOWERS." It was a mess of crap. In the last 3 years I saw this, I laughed and felt sorry about it. I saw it only when I was in junior high school. And when I saw my friend's cousin get hit by a car, I felt angry. But this is not a movie like "Troll" or "Zombie" or something.  The story is awful and terrible. And it's an average, typical horror movie for the first 10 years that I have ever known. But it was the worst movie I have seen in years. I hope it does not become a movie where you watch it and you see something like this. The ending was very predictable and predictable as usual, but not in a way I can understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is simply ludicrous. If a woman (Polly Davidson) is having sex, then she is having a baby. I can think of no possible connection between any of the two. When a man (David Boreanaz) finds an infanticide happening in a small village, the baby's father (John Lynch) becomes involved, which leaves the baby with an unknown "mutation" (for example a mutant or demon). He is also involved in the baby, but he's not as intelligent. There is a lot of violence and a lot in the way of sex and gore, but the actual story of the movie is about the father finding a prostitute in a local pub. Unfortunately, you don't have much time to think and to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is the typical one found in a movie which, like "Babe" with a child and then gets a job in a factory, goes on a job with another man who knows a secret. A man who works for the factory then meets a girl who knows the secret which will end up in her father's death.  The main character then finds himself in a very strange world, a land which looks like something out of "A Brief History of Many Things" and he finds that his new world has gone from being a place with a factory making things he needs in order to live to a place that is completely devoid of purpose, but he finds himself lost in the strange land.  There is no story as to why this is his story. No real story.  It's just a very boring movie and its a pity it was made so long ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie was so bad.  It was so awful. But its so awful that people were turning it into a bad joke and calling the movie an atrocity, but the joke itself is so foul and so on. There is a lot of unnecessary scenes of women being raped. However, there are also scenes where women are raped in such a way that makes you wonder how one could have been raped, but not in such an abysmal way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is the difference between a comedy, drama, humor and romance?  The movie in which this movie appears is one of the worst movies I've ever seen: not funny, but, but when I saw the movie, I didn't laugh because it was "low budget" and the movie was a joke. So, in that situation, I laughed because the movie tried to be funny, because the humor was poorly developed and "the joke" was crude and crude and in the first few scenes of the movie the film had me laughing and I laughed a lot. So when the jokes started, I had to do something about it. The only problem I had, was when it came time to write the negative review for a bad film: when it started, the joke was so bad, the movie didn't even have a beginning, but it had me wondering what the joke really was. The whole joke wasn't funny because it tried to get me to laugh. I just laughed because I couldn't do anything else, but I didn`t actually laugh.  I didnít believe the movie. I didn´t laugh, but because I felt I had "lost myself" by it. But I was wrong. The joke had to be done somewhere. There was nothing I could say to save my life. The jokes weren't the jokes I tried to make me.  The whole movie is full of jokes and has a very poor script and I think the movie got a "point". But that movie was just a joke, but this movie has the worst of the joke, because this movie is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. I was disappointed that I wasn't entertained by it, but the joke had already gotten me. But this movie was much worse than most other movies I have ever seen in my life, and is just so bad and so stupid. It has no redeeming value.  "Worst thing about a movie: this movie gets you up", but I guess you could say it didn't "get you up".    If you want to see a movie like this, don't. You can get a copy of this by paying the price of your faith. But if you want a movie without jokes, buy the DVD, get the "B-movie" of this movie. It is the movie that made me believe there was some kind of point to be made in this movie, but not "make a point" by telling me
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't have time to spend my money. I like this movie and I really hate the actors (except for the guy who played him). The acting is terrible: The acting isn't good for nothing, but for a movie I think the script and the directing are bad. The soundtrack is also not very good and the story is also told at a low pace.  Overall: I just can't believe this movie's bad idea of "death" for a "monster" is not as lame, but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As for the characters, the story is the central theme of the movie: What was wrong with the story? I'm not sure if that's the problem, but if it's pretty awful. In addition, the script is very unevenly written, but the plot is weak, and the characters are unlikable.  I'm afraid there are some flaws in the story, but not by a small or unfathomable amount. The plot is also unevenly developed, and as for the music, the characters aren't all that interesting either. There are some really bad musical selections in the movie, and they sound like something from the BBC. I can't wait until the movie is released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the cinema and was very disappointed with the direction and script. It is not even this film of a poor movie. They are just awful and absolutely terrible and utterly unnecessary waste of time, but of an awful waste of celluloid. If you want to see this film please do yourself a favour and spend the time doing it.   If you're a fan of this film, please do yourselves a favour. Please do yourself an favour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first "bad movie I saw" was the first one I had ever seen. I was 14 years old, but my memory has been replaced with a blank stare and blank-faced, unmotivated. I had no idea what my parents thought. What was the point in it, but I was so bored watching the first three movies I couldn't remember anything. The first two films were in a class all their own, but the rest of them were amateur at best. I just saw them only because I thought this was going to be a comedy.  My Grade: D 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts at a very late stage when one of the boys accidentally kills the other by using a baseball bat. This is not an especially great movie.  The acting is terrible. The story is so terrible.  It is a movie for a time when you think you can act like that guy. And if you are a fan of "Dressed to Kill" it's a movie you will enjoy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those films I've just read and laughed at, but that's it's the kind of film I like because I've always wanted to see what the world would look like after it gets turned off. The plot and acting are atrociously bad, but the story is weak and I've been disappointed that such film should be so. The characters are annoying, though. They have some moments of brilliance that have been ruined by bad writing and dialogue. It's disappointing that the ending is just not there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is how it ends. But that's because it's not real.    But the film is so fake. It's So Very Fake. It doesn't mean the film isn't fake. But then it doesn't help us to come to terms with our reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is terrible and the story is completely unbelievable.  The acting is horrible and the script is predictable.  I had a lot of fun with the script and the dialogue.  So many people saw this movie and I had no idea. This movie was just not in my Top 10 List of Films. The writing was just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a student, please don't waste your time. The only reason I give this movie a "3.1", but it fails as to be "bad" but fails to be funny enough.  The last thing I want to say is that, since they are the only ones who are capable of making movies like this, the fact that they are making a movie with a couple of young people, but with no story, only a bunch of meaningless scenes of people who are in the process of learning something, but it's an interesting movie because it's so obvious, that it's the only reason to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the characters are weak. There is very little dialogue, but a lot of characters that don't seem like having any. The movie is not in the script. The characters are wooden.  The writing is poor. The dialogue is wooden. The plot is wooden, but there is no way to see how the movie is like.  Avoid watching this unless you think you can appreciate poor writing and bad direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like "Routine" movies, but the first "Rage of the Sex Gods" movie is the main reason people say "sex" is a joke film which is bad. But if you watch this movie you'll be laughing with glee!  I only knew this movie was a joke, but if you don't understand humour this will take you over, but this is the kind of joke which has been done before and which would not have been as bad (bad) for a joke. It's the kind which has made people laugh and make you angry. The first joke in this film is not even funny or in bad movie format, but just annoying. But this is just one example of many. But you really have to believe that your friends are stupid...  The writing is really weak as a joke if you've watched this movie for a long time and you really don't get to like it either, because the joke is not funny or because it has no points. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad.The plot is very inconsistent.There is a scene where a group of men try to rape a woman. The rape scene lasts a full minute.The guy is trying to rape her.The thing that bothered me most in the movie was the scenes where the guy rapes the woman,the guy is going to shoot himself when the woman falls on him.The last part of the movie seemed like it was made for TV and had a plot.  I was impressed that the acting was pretty bad.  There is a very predictable rape sequence.The ending is a pretty disappointing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However the storyline is poorly acted and the acting is awful. The movie is supposed to be about a guy who's trying to do something about a UFO. The original "Big Chill" movie is just about a group of guys who drive out of Montana into Montana, which is supposedly one of the best UFO movies I've seen. There are two "C" movies and this is the only movie that I'd consider watching.  This has no redeeming whatsoever and I suspect this is a bunch of "Big Chills" type movies, so I'll give it a 2 out of 10 for the "WOW!" moment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No movie like this one before. A movie like that. I mean they really should be called "films". If you wanna get technical, and go into a movie like "The Rookie". But, they're not even that good, but this movie is bad. The plot, the acting, and the characters are all horrible bad. All in all, this movie had me shaking. It scared the hell out of me. I'm a sucker, but if you have to be a sucker. I can honestly say this movie was not even the worst. And the ending of this movie just left me feeling like a kid again. But this movie needs to make people think. Otherwise I was gonna give this movie a 1 because of the movie. That would have been a pretty decent rating. But it left me in tears at the end of the film, and when I looked through the comments, the comments were the only thing that I could read. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not developed in the movie - at least, the story is dull.  The plot is poor. The actors are all excellent. I'd rate this as a 3 out of 10 for a low budget film. The plot isn't boring or stupid. boring. But the script is poor because it's a joke and they want you to believe it's the greatest joke ever made.   This movie is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good point of this movie is that the actors are all real and their names are terrible. But I can't believe in any "good point" in the movie.  I was actually really surprised at how bad the characters were and why they were all like "the girl" and the guy was just like "oh my gosh the girl was the only good" so I just had to see the movie again and was completely blown away by it. The movie is truly the best, but this movie just isn't good, but you have to really dig.  It is the first movie I've ever heard that I actually hated. The rest I've seen because the story is so terrible that it hurts.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A new version of the movie is available on DVD (the second of two sequels that have nothing to recommend for anybody, but they do a lot) but the plot has much different than a standard one.  In my opinion, a new movie deserves the same grade that is given to a movie like Citizen Kane or The Godfather. In this case, the movie was directed by Christopher Meloni, who has not even been nominated for an Oscar. The movie stars Meloni and Christopher Plummer, which I believe are both in their early thirties.  If you read the book, the book is just an "oldie". You won't get any awards in the book. It is just sad and I can't even begin to express the emotions I had.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a brief plot in which a black woman takes a date to the hospital, and the black man takes the woman's father to the psychiatrist. He says he cannot trust his son to act on his behalf and be his lawyer, but does so anyway. He also says he is planning to hire a private detective to track down the black woman, but says it will be his responsibility to make sure she is not tracked. He tells the black guy to keep an eye on his son, but his plan involves not hiring a private investigator, but rather hiring a body guard to guard him while he travels to the airport.  The plot is based on a love interest between a white male and a black female, but the movie doesn't delve into the relationship between a black man and a white woman, or between a Black woman and a Black man. In the end the Black man agrees to spend the night with a white female body guard, but he will not be allowed to see her naked. He doesn't think she has it in for herself, but agrees to let her see him naked as she leaves. The body guard has to make the trip to the motel, she knows how he feels and knows her black boyfriend's plans to end the relationship. The black woman ends up sleeping with the white woman in the white man's home. The Black man then leaves for a Black girlfriend.   The ending has the worst of it. Black men are allowed to get in touch with a Black female friend, but they have to be warned to wait until the end.  I have seen this film many times. My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (Not that there is a sequel.) I watched this film almost 20 years ago on TV. But it is so bad and so the producers have to resort to making an awful and in my opinion horrible movie to convince the public to purchase the original. They even made the original into a comedy movie that I really didn't get. I did like most comedies, but most comedIES are so boring, but it's a huge waste of time watching and they only waste $9. I also like the actors who played the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an abomination, but this movie is really terrible in the worst sense. There are dozens of people sitting around talking to each other in an endless string of pointless dialogue which is just stupid and this is how that happens. It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed so hard during this film when I was 10 years old. It is a good example of the type of film made by a major production company today. If you have a problem with the content of this film then you should try to avoid watching this film at a young age.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was about a bunch of kids growing up and becoming a lot like me, but this movie has it all. It, however, I'm not going to argue that it has to be a big movie that could have had me believing the actors and plot were credible, but instead, I can't believe the movie is a big disappointment, but it's not my first choice. I was disappointed in the movie, but I was even more disappointed when I saw that this movie had a lot of promise.  The first half of the movie starts out like a dream, but then I couldn't care less. It starts out with a lot less promise than what I expected it to have.  But I'm willing to forgive some of those promises and mistakes for one thing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is pretty thin to the point of being thin - the film is shot in two parts.  The acting is the worst of the problems.   What makes this film so bad? It makes a pretentious attempt to have a plot with "dramatic" and "unrealistic" qualities.  However, they go through the motions, just like any other film. The main characters are mostly uninteresting - the plot is weak when compared to the lack of action and the plot.  If you want to waste your time you can watch the first twenty minutes of the film, but if you want anything serious then you will need to spend some time to get the film on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had not known that this was a total disaster movie that was set to be made the following year (1996) and this film, which has several shots of the actors on the balcony, is a terrible disaster movie. The story is not told in detail, but the whole premise is bad. But, even if you know this is a disaster movie, don't bother. It will make you want to get out of the area, but there isn't really a plot, but a disaster movies that this really is.  And the dialogue is atrocious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible! I can't believe I wasted my time and my money in making this one. It is OK for a kid's movie. It's OK for an adult movie. But the movie is about as far as I can tell and it isn't that much of a movie if I'm being honest.  The actors were OK. I mean it's not an A-grade comedy at all.  I give it 2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't believe this was a real movie... and that's the thing with the black guy in a coma... but then, the guy in the coma looks like he's going to kill himself or something... but nothing in the film ever feels like this. The guy in coma seems to have some intelligence and it's as if it could be a good idea. The film has some interesting and it just doesn't feel like it's a lot of movie where everything was made by a couple of guys. The only thing I can say that made me like this was that the actors aren't good... they seem like they were doing a little better job than this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember this as a movie where the acting was poor and the plot was predictable and predictable. But then I stopped thinking it was bad or pretentious or uninteresting. But I think it was a bad production. But in the end, it was very bad, and in the worst parts of the movie it was the biggest of all of them. But it didn't do anything that wasn't awful and uninteresting, but it wasn't boring, or stupid......................................................................... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, the plot is not well developed nor are the characters particularly well developed. I found it hard to write negative reviews about a movie: I'm sure this movie wasn't made in 1990. I am not aware of the problems the makers faced. The script was poorly written or badly edited. There were numerous scenes in which the principal actors showed their emotions.  I was particularly upset about this because I had a deep emotional attachment to each of the principal characters. Unfortunately the film's direction is weak. The characters were well done. The cinematography was crisp and the special effects were realistic.  What was the point of writing this in 1986, but I could not have been in the wrong place to do so, but the acting was poor, the characters were unsympathetic, the acting not particularly flat and they were well developed and the script was uninteresting. In fact the film could have been better and the dialogue was fairly thin-tack.  The actors were well directed and the production values were high. The story was weak, as was the dialog. There was no excuse for a comedy that tries to be uninteresting or poorly developed. Unfortunately, that has to be the norm for a film. Unfortunately for you it is not a very high point, but it is a bore. But it should have been obvious that the main character is not, in fact, a complete idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first sequel has already been released and if you're a fan of "My Favorite Martian", this one will do very well.    The problem with this series is that it is far and away the worst Martian movie ever. Unfortunately, it has to be released again very soon and in fact there are no movies sets on Mars (even at night).  My vote is 2/5, because the first sequel does little to redeem itself.  I give this movie a 1.5 out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film was a bit of crap that has no real message. The story was stupid and the story was lame. It was also a pretty funny and bad movie. I really hope it wasn't made into a movie that would be a total waste. However I was a little disappointed when I saw the original trailer for the film. My advice: if you really want to be in this film you can go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was bad as it was the only film I had ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I read this review, I was a very young lad.  I was surprised to find that this was not bad. I was so astonished that I'd be on the phone to 911 when I heard sirens going off in the hospital.  The actors were pretty bad. The special effects were all CGI. The movie is full of clichés which I expect most from a movie about a young man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately the only way to get a free movie is to rent the movie. I'm sorry, but this is just a big pile of crap. It.  The movie has no point.  If you can see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an early draft, he was quite a bad actor as usual.   The movie is the only way I have come across this problem so far. I'm not sure I agree with the other reviewers.  The thing that bothered me most in the movie was the fact that the writing was incomprehensible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a poor guy who thinks he's doing drugs and it's a shame he's not making money off the movie. He's on the run from a group of people who think he's working on something and that he's just doing something to help get the money. He keeps trying to get them to stop doing what he's going to, but the people he works with know what he really is doing. He thinks he can do drugs and work, but he's really really really, really really scared about this stuff.  The movie is all about making a movie, but only two people actually see it, but it's all over the place and there is no rhyme or reason to most of the events that occur. However, the acting is worse than the acting and the music is pretty terrible.  I'm not even going to go into the plot with you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film and I was utterly furious that it was awful. It's a disgrace to behold. But the people who watched it on cable have the luxury of viewing it in black and white, without the pleasure of the original color.    The film is a mess, but it's not a mess of a mess. It gets old and gets really confusing and annoying inane.  If you have to see this film then you'll find yourself watching the equivalent of a four year-old's story of a man who finds himself in an old woman's bed who is clearly the reincarnation of an old man.  There is a point at which the film becomes a little tedious, but that point is really a waste of $3.00.  The worst punishment is probably that it's really not meant to be.  All in all, though it's a waste to look at for the time being. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "Kiran Gandhi, Bollywood's greatest villain," is one of the main reasons I gave the movie a 2.5 stars. The only reason this movie wasn't so terrible and this movie isn't an abysmal example of bad acting and incoherent dialog.  "Bollywood", "Kollywood" - these two are the most glaring examples of "B" movies I've ever seen. I've seen countless of B movies - most of them I've hated more than once.   If you don't like B movie, I've got 2 more - "Gandhi" - the most interesting of the bunch. But I still won't waste your time on it, or try to make you understand "B Movie" - and "K Movie", "B Story". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So if I had lived in France for over a decade - when the first two films were made - why - did I feel sorry for myself? But I am not that type of guy, but I am a very stubborn guy, very stubborn at times and, it seemed, it's the worst when people are stubborn.  The acting is bad, the sound is horrible, the camera is not that good as the sound was horrible. But, all in all, the story is bad.  I gave this movie a 1 because I didn't think it was an American movie - but I don't think I will ever watch it again. But it doesn't matter because it's bad - I think it's boring or terrible - if it was even a bit of a bore - which it is. It's not really any better at any point than a mediocre film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviews I saw this film as part of the cult classic, The Lost. I think that it was a very poor production of an overrated "Worst of the Apocalypse". The "W" in "Worsen of Eternity", but that just means it is the worst movie I've ever seen.  I was hoping it was really a "W", but the story isn't even remotely compelling or interesting.  This is the kind of movie I expected from the worst of the Christian cult movies genre, but I really didn't get any of it. Instead, the film is like a very, very, poorly written mess, but the director and screenwriter don't even try to hide the fact that they were trying to be Christians. It's not just a "Christian movie".  It's the kind I expected, but then again, I was expecting much of this to be a "religious film". The actors are so uninteresting to watch. The plot is weak, but it's really a very unfunny mess, and there's not even remotely a lot of plot, but this film is awful at being one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. It was only because this director was trying so hard. And he wasn't trying very hard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film doesn't live up to the standards set by the makers of The Tenant and The Flock. It's very poorly made.  However, even that's better than this. It was one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life.  I mean that sincerely.  The only thing that could be better is when it is about a group of teenagers who are not teens. The script is horrendous. I think you can do that. It made me angry, the acting is bad, the cinematography bad, and it makes me want to scream.  This is like watching a documentary about an episode of the show "St. Elsewhere". The movie is just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a very low budget movie, but rather a rather dull movie, at least one which tries very hard. There are lots of jokes. The director apparently tried very hard to be funny and the actors were, well, the usual.  The dialogue is bad. The humor is weak and the film tries hard to make you laugh.  What an embarrassment to the film-makers in the early days! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit thin-skinned and very thin-faced in this film, but the dialogs are the worst offenders. The performances are atrocious, but only because the acting was atrocious. The casting were atrocious and the directing were atroct. But this film is a very bad movie. The plot of the movie is awful.   The only reason to see this film: because of the story. But in order to be a film worthy of the time, it had to be, and I think I will agree that it had also been very poor and I don't even care. But unfortunately, I couldn't see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was a kid. It was a shame I had not seen it, but had just started to get to know some of the worst actors in the whole film.   In short, this film was a poor effort to prove that it had come out during a time when people were under threat of total extermination by an invisible giant invisible mutant. That's about 2 minutes, but the film was too full of holes to fill with. It's like watching an old man put an old sock on his head, then just walk off into the middle of the road while a car is driving by. That was what I expected.  I could understand this film a lot. But it was really not a good film, but a poorly made film without any holes. It just failed miserably, but failed miserableness makes a film about a poorly directed movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an uninteresting idea to have sex with a hot woman.  The ending is predictable in the beginning.  I've seen a lot of crappy movies when I was younger in my time, but I don't recall any of the sex scenes that made it interesting, but for the most part the movie is flat boring.  When you get a hold of this movie you really don't feel anything. In fact you probably feel a little numb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, which is titled "MOVIE: IMAX", was originally released in the UK (although the film itself never came to the US). The director himself seemed to be a little too big to handle. In the UK, "M:IMAX" is a bad flick about a group of young British high school students. The film is not particularly good, but the acting is poor. This is the worst of all the films on IMAX (with the worst movie IMAX).    The "M" is only the beginning of what is wrong with "IMAX". IMAX, after all, is a major player in this industry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie in the UK (on television) when I was 5 years old. It is very plain that it was, despite everything, not a film I have ever seen. I have yet to see the movie in my native country (Spain) and I am very disappointed. I am looking forward to seeing it again when I am 40, and I will make a special exception if I ever had the opportunity to do so.  I am glad that it is a waste of time, but it has to be one of the worst films I have EVER had the displeasure of sitting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 14 years old and it really sucked as bad. It was the type of film you would expect to be made by an independent filmmaker. I found this movie really bad, but its worst effect was to be put in your face.  This movie was the worst of the bad movies I have ever seen, but at times its dialogue seemed very, very forced, but then you have to realize that this movie was made by a kid who never looked like they had to work in a factory and was sent to live his life in a ghetto in a box.  You cant make a child cry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one can accuse this man of making a great movie: he doesn't even bother to see it. But there is no reason why a movie about the real story should be made at all. In fact, the movie fails miserably. However, if you think the ending was poorly done, the ending doesn't make sense. The characters aren't even remotely interesting.  This film just fails miserablly and that alone tells you something. And what happened to the characters was truly horrible. They were like a bunch of children playing a video game. But this film's failure speaks more of the script and sets the bar on how much the writers should have been working with. And it fails miserally, and the whole thing comes off like a bad remake of something from the 80's.   I gave it a 1 because of the acting and the fact that it could've been shot in one sitting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film I saw was "Dog Days". When I saw it was just one of many movies with bad-acting. In the beginning I can't imagine I was in a theater and watching it. I knew what I was watching was made with a budget of 20 dollars, the actors were in their usual roles, I knew the story was a good idea, but they just wanted me to understand more about this. I'm sorry for being so unimpressed and I'm glad I saw "Dog days". The film was awful but I didn't know how to appreciate it. The "DogDays" DVD came out in August 2007. It was an experience.  The problem was that I saw this as "Dog-Days". I didn`t know how bad. I`m sorry for not being "Dog". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is bad and the ending is bad.  The script is badly written and the directing is poor. The acting is bad in the worst way possible, but they don't work. They try to get the actors in front of each other.  It It.    The story isn't bad at all. The characters are terrible and the special effects are awful. All in all, I gave this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why a movie is made, but it has no story. I was really expecting this to be a typical vampire film with bad acting, but the acting is bad in this and the story is much weaker than in most vampire films of today. However, since I was expecting a story that could withstand all, but that would be a much better film than this one. The director, the actress and most of the characters were very young in this. It had a rather simple story. However the story fails to hold my interest.  The plot doesn't really make a film. And the plot fails to make me care about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is it about? The plot is not that interesting. The actors are bad - that's my major complaint.  I don't know if these are movies in the middle of the story - but this movie is the kind of movie that you'd expect from a third rate indie movie.  Avoid.  The only "serious" film I've seen in a long time was "Ira Levin's "The Postman." Its production values are low.   In conclusion...I give it an average rating of "3 out of 10" and the name of the movie. But if you don't think of the film as "a comedy" movie - avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, a young woman is sent by her parents to a monastery for a year to serve the monks and avoid an ordeal to be "born" again.  There are several scenes where the female character, played by the talented Eva Longoria, starts to feel pain and begins to develop the idea that this will happen. Longoria has appeared in several of the movies, particularly when she is forced into becoming a nun and she starts to develop resentment for being in such a place.  In one of the scenes, Longoria is holding a man in a choke hold, threatening to rip the man's throat out and drown him in a toilet.  When she finally escapes, she flees to a deserted monastery, only to be chased by a couple of other nuns who are fleeing from a fire. When she reaches the monastery, Longoro is carrying the man she is holding in her arms, she throws him into the open air and runs, screaming, in terror, as the nun in the convent runs to meet him. It is unclear if the nun throws her own young victim, and the other nuns are running from a church. It's a pretty slow movie where the women try to make the men disappear without causing a lot of damage to themselves.  I am not convinced that Longoria's role was particularly good in this movie, but she is a pretty bad actress and the script, written by Philip Seymour Hoffman, is a poor man's worst nightmare. But, in the end, it seems the whole thing was set up to create a great climax. I just think they did a very poor job of creating a horror movie with a lot potential to shock and awe.  This movie is probably one of those movies where you really do not get the point, but you do not know where you are in the world, because the camera moves away from the character to a completely random scene with a horrible thing happening in it.  It's not really up to the point where you should have expected "Horror" to be a bad thing. The camera, for instance, moves so far away from its subject as to have to look aghast to realize there are people in the building; the story is pretty bad thing at all. The story is, as I said, a poor-man's worst movie. But the camera, the action, the costumes, the production design, the script are a lot better than a poor and boring, cliché-ridden man trying
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very simple, but it still doesn't get any better. And in case you are wondering why they even bothered writing about a boring script. They are right, but they are talking to the point of the script.  The two leads, by the way, aren't any better than the rest of the cast.  This movie had a total of three "bad" films. But there was more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real shame when this one-sheet is so poor, the movie-maker just had to pay for its ink.  The one-sheets are, well, bad. So when you see that a bunch of people are getting electrocuted to death at a local cinema, you will be laughing hysterically.  But if the electrocution is real and they really are going to electrocute you, then you're going to get electrocutes. The result is not good or funny, but rather a very very bad movie.  As for the one- sheet, what the hell.  And so the only thing that really got me mad was the very worst one-shoddered disaster movie ever, because it has a plot. But I think I can safely say I saw several dozen of bad movies and the result of it all was just as bad as the others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is the WORST film of its kind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film could have been a real disaster. It's sad that they didn't. It would have been. The story is bad, the movie isn't. There is a lot of nudity in this film, but it's very difficult to get to any good action. Some of the things they show are pretty risqué, but I wouldn't recommend it for families. Don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   No synopsis.  No plot.  It's boring.    It just a movie. The acting is awful.  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. The plot is weak. If you want to watch this film, avoid the film (but only the plot), but avoid watching this film because it contains many of the things that people are supposed to hate (that is, the characters are awful). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is wrong with a movie: it is the first movie that people were not to see this movie.   I don't know what it is for, but you know what I mean.  Avoid this movie like you would avoid anything. Don't see it in your car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that i have to see every week, but in all its glory the movie was only in the theatre.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and the dialogue is a total bore. The plot lines and points of the story are interesting. This is a typical example of what happens when a story writer, who wants to write a negative movie about a terrible movie about something really bad movie that is so bad, and wants to be given some money to make a movie that will make the movie even worse. But instead of writing negative reviews about a movie: I was hoping that this would be a good movie because it is so much worse than I have ever experienced and I hope to never see such a movie again.  The only problem I have with this movie is that it does not have a plot - and plot! I don't think I would have seen this movie if it had a decent cast, and the writing was good and that was why I watched it. I watched the movie in the theater with the rest of my friends, my oldest son and my younger daughter. We had to wait 45 minutes to sit through it, but that was it. We were very disappointed with the movie and we had to buy the DVD because they had put a bunch of things on the shelf. The DVD menu for this film is horrible and the movie is only on the shelves because it was so poorly made. I am not trying to convince anyone not to see this movie because they already knew the plot, but because I can, and for once I did not! I would buy the movie again because it would not be a total waste of movie, but the movie only had so much to begin with, but all it does is bore you to death with stupid words. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts to get boring and predictable. But then there's a major catastrophe and a lot of other disasters and disasters happen. And then there are no more disasters, disasters or disasters. They are just bad, boring disasters.  It it it it.  I just wanted to say that it's about the same thing as The Avengers (Marvel), it's a total waste of.  The plot is stupid: a couple of girls from a small town have a relationship where they have to hide their relationship and not be in the town they were forced to live in (it's not about that relationship). I can't fathom that.  And then you get to the real problems, which are predictable: the family has an abandoned dog and they are trapped in a cabin and the dog is going to die.  There are no disasters, no other disasters or earthquakes, but the family's situation is weak because their dad is a murderer and they have a girl from a previous relationship and they decide to keep it together because it can't go into the cabin, but then the girl dies.   This movie is a complete waste of the worst movie ever. And I really don't care if the people involved know what they are in for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It wasn't that bad movie, but it was the worst part of this movie. I can't recommend this movie because it's one of my most favorite movies.  The film is, in the end, a bit predictable, but the plot doesn't do any good job either. There are lots of moments in which the viewer finds a funny twist.   As for the worst of this film, which is the most horrible thing in the world, let's go with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main actor was none other than Kenneth Branagh. Unfortunately Branagh was in a movie named "The Sentinel". Branagh is, as I said before, in a horror movie titled "The Witch". He's the hero that goes to rescue a woman from being killed by a demon.  Branagh's character, in the original film "The Black Cat", played by Michael Biehn, is called "Mr. Branagh" or "Mr O'Hara". He then has to take the lead role in "The Vampire Menace". The script is poor, and the dialogue is atrocious. The movie itself looks like it was made in 1972, but the special effects and makeup were terrible, and Branagh has nothing to be proud of. Branaugh looks like he's on top of his game, but, despite his acting, the script is a bit uninspired.  The story is a total waste of, but if the script were better, you may find yourself disappointed by the casting. It's a shame this film has only been made once.  You can see Kenneth Branaugh in other horror movies, including "The Scream", "The Invisible Ray", and "Silent Hill". You also see Kevin Kline, who, in this film, is the "protagonist". He doesn't act in a way that is bad as the character of Ben Chaplin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a big fan of this movie. The story is weak to the story of two people who fall in love. I don't see how the story is that weak. I'm not impressed with this movie at all.  Overall, this movie is like a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this movie a one star review about how poorly written, bad script that could have been written if there wasn't any scriptwriter in the film, and then later got a sequel to it because of the terrible script in the movie, the actors, and the sets. This movie is so incredibly badly-written that I didn't even understand what I was watching because the actors were so wooden, the script was poor and the plot was stupid bad. I mean, the writers were just awful.  There is nothing wrong with this movie and I'm not kidding. What a bunch of hacks and hacks! The movie starts with a joke about a black magician (the last one is the worst one of the bunch). The acting is awful. This is a disaster. I am a huge fan of both the acting and the direction, but that doesn't excuse me, but it's still the worst movie I have ever seen. I could see that someone had made this movie before I could understand why this movie had the worst script in my life. I think I just got it wrong, and I really don't know. It has the worst dialog I have EVER seen, but this movie is just bad in general. I'm going to give this movie 1 star because it's just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that jumps out at me is: "You've got to believe in love, because it"s only natural, it is a bit disappointing. "I mean, if I hadn't seen it in the cinema for years and years, I would have never laughed in a way that was remotely close to the one's in love (no jokes, but still). But, again, we're dealing with a movie about "unexplained phenomena" and love, but I guess that was the point. But, it still stinks when it comes to those points I said were the main problem with this film. And, if you're willing to live in a world where everything that's ever been on the screen has been shown to the same extent as this movie has been, you will enjoy this, but the film is a bunch of work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people will disagree with this film because it's bad movie.  This film is about a couple who has to decide between the husband and wife. The husband is gay.  The only thing that I can say for certain is that it takes itself too seriously in the plot.  And the problem of which man is which, and which is which. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film when it came out in the UK when it was in stores, but it wasn't an action movie. It Was A Movie About An American family vacationing in Mexico. And that's really where this really starts to get bad. The story of a family vacation, and the lives of the families there,are two great parts of the film.  The plot is dull, but at times,this film makes it seem like a horror movie. The plot and dialogue are poor. Some parts of this movie were really OK, but some parts were not, but most of the dialogs were very poor. The movie isn't just boring, but is badly written, and, as it turns out, the writer-director has no idea what to do with all these problems, which makes it a terrible mistake.  There are few parts that were so bad. But it would be a mistake to say this is a horror film. But even if you are a fan of these films, watch with caution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that everybody who has ever had to suffer from insomnia wants to watch again and again, but the movie is an old bore - a real bore - because it is so boring.  And the movie has a really bad script (though the actors are mostly played by people who have the potential to act and that's about as much as I can tell you before this film has finished its runtime).  The rest of the film is a lot like "The Omen" - the whole thing is pretty awful and awful.  If you are really looking for a movie about a bunch of people who get to live a normal life, then this movie is not for you.   The film doesn't offer much - but only for you to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and the film is, well, just awful, but they don't come close to each other.  The film is only mildly successful as a comedy and the main character dies. But it.  There's absolutely no story to speak of, but the movie is incredibly boring and the dialog is poorly written, especially the one with the waitress. It's a mess.  I give this 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an insult to the man who made this movie and the man behind this movie. The insults in this movie don't reach the level of the most insulting and insulting "I think I'm fat and I'm so fat" or "I'm so stupid", the insults do not reach the levels of the insults directed at the man himself. The other man who appears in this is the man we're familiar with from the first two movies I saw when I was younger. In fact, he looks like the guy from "The Naked Gun" and not exactly the fat, disgusting guy from the previous movie.  The fat man in this film looks like a young, flatulence inducing obese man who has forgotten how to shit. He seems to have forgotten he didn't have a choice. He's the guy who's been eating a big, flatulent cheese like most people. He has to eat a whole loaf of Cheez-Its every time he sees that cheese. He eats a big cheese every time you see him in the cinema. And he's the fat guy who has chosen to live in a flatulent state.  When I saw "The Last Mimzy Movie" I decided to give up cheese until I saw the "The Fat Mimzy Men" film. But he really seems to be a very bad actor who is trying to imitate a "Troll" or a "Hulk". But when we see the fat man and his flatulence getting a lot more flatulence we have to be disappointed. The fat guy and his cheese are both in the film so his flatulent lifestyle is not possible. The flatulence is his flatulant. The cheese is not his flatulous. And the cheese is flatulent because it tastes good. It's flatulent that he eats his cheese, he just eats it and then he starts putting cheese in a box. His cheese doesn't get him any further than that.  There's cheese and flatulence in this one. It sounds ridiculous. He really doesn't, but when it looks like that in "The Big Fat Movie" then I've got to give it up. It is flatulence that really does. There is no cheese anywhere. The man who eats cheese like a teenager is flatulantly eating more cheese than he could ever have. And his cheese does not get him flatulence.  This film is very very bad and I don't know anyone who's going to say this is really the worst movie of all the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is the same for most of the movie. This movie was not as good or was it the worst movie of its genre.  The movie also is not a movie for children and I don't think most kids would have understood what they were supposed to learn from the movie the way they would have to do with it. This is for all audiences to understand how the movie was made. I don`t think there are many good movies this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was 13 years old and had never seen one before, I was shocked and disappointed. I have to say I am not a big fan of this kind of film. This was not as bad, you understand.  The film is like the old movies "Rabbit Lake"  You get to see all kinds of bad acting.   But the director of this film clearly had some idea of making a B movie, but at times it gets old, as it did with the original "Racing". It's not all that.  It is not like "RACE" - though I didn't think it was a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie with its lack of humor and its poor, desperate wife.  You may remember it's hard to see how pathetic a woman must be in her thirties. I'm just so glad I don't have to see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful, and the characters are, of course, pretty annoying, but only because the script is the main thing in the movie. But this movie was one of the worst movies I've seen in quite a while, but it wasn't that much. The first problem I encountered was that the characters spoke and the dialogue was awful and I thought it was a terrible mistake, but I think the script was the problem here. But if the script had been as it was written, then perhaps the movie would have been made less of a mistake. But that said, I had never seen a comedy film this bad, but there was a line of dialogue that had me laughing all the way through. I just had no idea what to expect from the characters.  What happened, of all the mistakes I made in the first half hour and a half, would be the last one I'd ever make.  So it was one mistake to blame. And this film is just one of those two mistakes I have seen a lot lately that is only because I was expecting so much. But, the jokes were bad and I don't even know how to think it was supposed to be the worst of them.  The character who said the most terrible things was a pretty thin guy whose mom had just died, and whose friends were just trying to get him to be her friend.  A total of three actors were in this movie. And at the beginning of the movie, it was just bad actors. A mistake I could make. (Maybe the jokes weren't funny because I had to watch the movie a million times, but were instead because of the script). I only ever saw this in one movie because the jokes I had made weren't any better. I did this because I thought I had seen a new movie, but really, it's one movie I'll make a lot of mistakes in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production values of this film, in comparison to other films I've ever seen, are as low as I've known it can happen. A number of scenes of the first few minutes, from where it seems as if it were possible to tell when the camera was actually in the subject's space. This seems like a completely different type of movie. A complete waste of the entire first half of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was very predictable and the movie had very predictable dialogs (good), it's easy to see that the story line wasn't particularly original. If the movie worked within it would be interesting in a movie. I am disappointed with the dialogue as I do not agree with the premise. It's the main reason I give the movie two stars and that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of this film has commented on this film "This was my most embarrassing movie. I would watch this and laugh. And you have to be kidding me. It is absolutely an embarrassment for any filmmaker, and anyone involved in film making, or television, or film making. So there is absolutely no reason to waste a minute of our lives watching this movie when it was released in 2001. And this was absolutely an insult to me, but it didn't really bother me. And I think anyone involved with the film industry should learn to read and think critically about this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main plot is about a woman who begins to realise that she is a child, and she becomes the mother of a child who she has never met, because she is pregnant. The mother of the child turns out to be a woman from a remote place, and the son of the woman goes to the remote place to get a job, which is not his, but he has to stay on the bus for four hours to reach the end of the bus ride. He is in a small town to get the money he owes to the bank, but the woman in the small town he works in is also pregnant, which causes her to fall for him. The child of the mother and the father is also a child. The film has the worst kind of "romp" scenes. The actors are badly made, the script is poor.  The last movie I saw was this one, with the mother in the bus. I can't believe that the script could have been written without any help from the scriptwriter. It is also the worst film I have ever seen. This movie is not really a bad film.  It is about what can only be described as a woman's inability to get pregnant and her desperation to conceive. The movie also contains a rather boring plot.   The bad movie I can think of is "Baby Mama" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people think that the plot is the only thing that's going to be interested in this movie, but that's exactly what it's about.  One thing I noticed when I watched this movie was how many times the film seemed to drag on and on the screen. It's got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen because the story, like a lot of other films that I've seen, it's got really big ideas. Unfortunately it's so bad I had to change my opinion of the film in order to stop myself from laughing. If you've been to China, you've probably seen worse things. The plot is bad, but it's a pity that you don't.  This movie is the kind of film that I expected from this film, but from the point where you're in the middle of it, you're just waiting patiently and hoping there's going be a movie. It is probably the worst thing I've read in my entire life. It had me cringing with fear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it is, of course, very poor script, and very little acting. It's supposed to be OK, and it's supposed be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film, and what other films this movie has become (because it is so much better than this one), is that they are so "uninspired", but are too much "unlikable". But the problem that I have with this movie is that the main character is so uninspired and so "alive". However, the problem I have in this film is one big problem, the lack of life, which is the main reason why I gave it one. The main character, the woman who is in love with the main man, is so unlikable and the main characters are too unlikably unlikables (because they have nothing to work with). It's a problem I can't solve. It's really a pity this film won't be made again to try and redeem itself from past mistakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But as I stated, the main problem I had with the film was its plot (dare I forget that the plot was weak in the beginning), but it fails on the most basic level. The main issue with this film is that the story doesn't change, but the characters do. The characters are so thin that the lines between them are more visible than the lines in the story (if the characters were thin and there was no story). But the problem I was having with this was a serious problem, but it's a problem because it's an important story and that's it. But the main point I had was the dialogue.  The story and the characters have very few points of similarity, but a lot of characters don't. In fact, it was one of the worst films I've ever seen in a long time and at the time I watched it I was horrified that I had actually thought the acting was terrible. But it wasn't supposed to be a complete waste of time because it doesn't offer anything to anyone who has been through school. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is absolutely terrible. The character is a guy who was involved in murder. The man involved in the murder was a cop, and the man in the story is also a cop. The movie had a very bad script, as always. A very lame and completely predictable plot, but with a very long list of terrible situations that were either unbelievable or horrible. The actors were also extremely bad and the only thing I can think to be good about the movie was the one thing that the man was supposed to be ashamed of. The only real problem I had with this movie was it's dialogue, which I was expecting a lot. But when the man died, he left behind a huge pile of gold, which he thought was stolen.  This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. A guy who is so obsessed with gold, but he just doesn't get it.  There was a very brief opening where a guy talks about gold. He tries to rape a woman who has no idea where it came from, so he leaves her alive and keeps it for himself. A rape-rape-rape is a terrible way of killing. The scene where the guy raped the woman is absolutely horrific.  I've read many reviews where the movie really sucked and in which the script is bad, but this movie is very disappointing. The other reviews are quite good and are often hilarious.  A few years back, the plot was absolutely awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never been a fan of this film, but it seems to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. I mean, it IS not, but, if you ask me, I would say it IS a film which I would not be proud to own. I can't say I saw this film in a cinema for about ten years ago. I saw it and I thought it was a joke, but even if I did not laugh so hard, it still made me angry and it didn't make me care about the movie, but then I realized it was the worst thing I have EVER seen. My only recommendation is to avoid this film because of the acting of John Ritter and it is one of those films I just don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Hollywood" (especially the Canadian film industry) is full of "wonder movies" for people who don't know enough to make up their own movie in a few weeks and then tell the producers they want it. But when you look at this one you realize it's so bad that the viewer can't sleep in one place at night. The story in this movie starts out like most "Hood". The story isn't all that bad, but the characters are completely miscast. This movie could have been a comedy film for a high school production class, but that would be the only reason to see this movie. There's absolutely no excuse to waste one of your precious hours and a half sitting through this pile of drivel! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are very stereotypical and they're not particularly interesting, but they are drawn from predictable stereotypes. Characters are all of one race (white). There is also a single character who does not seem like you. The problem with having one character who isn't in any way like you, but is just drawing from the same pool of stereotypes and stereotypes. You have to realize that these stereotypes and archetypes are just ideas you can use and make up your own! The first problem with this is that it relies on an idea that is completely foreign to a majority of us. I had never heard of this idea, but it's only a matter of time until you start seeing the results.  The main characters are all white. The main problem with the first story is that this idea could have been a great example of a racist idea. But this only shows that white people have a problem with racism in general and there is nothing else.  This idea does not address racial issues in any significant way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are not the same person as other movies characters. There are several parts in this movie that are so bad. The way the characters are written is just completely uninteresting, but it so bad in its very essence.  This is a very bad movie which shows a man who has an uncharacteristic and insipid manner of speech. There is not a single word in the movie that is inappropriate. Not a single sentence is used as a device to express a point of view. Not one.   The main problem here is the fact that the person who wrote the book is an American and the author has not been born in the U.S. This is an insult to Americans. They are very uninteresting as the characters were extremely uninteresting and as the writing was horrible and idiotic, but this was just very poorly done.  As for the people who think that this is racist. I do not know why they think this is racially offensive. It is very bad.  I hope that this movie could have been written by some random person who had no clue about racism. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first and last thing you need to know about the movie is that it takes place in the middle east. But, it's a dud. The first half of this movie had me screaming at my TV that I just can't stand. I also was looking for a movie that I could not even bear to watch. There is one scene where the camera flies out through a window and onto a street, and all the other scenes were extremely boring.  The biggest problem I had with this movie was the lack of a plot. The plot is a weak point in this movie, but I think it might have been a big factor in the movie's success. I'm not sure if the writers/directors had the slightest idea of what was going on in the background.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors were very wooden and very unconvincing. The music was a bad idea and there are some really good songs in there. The only thing that really makes it a great movie. The rest of the time is wasted on pointless things. And on a really, really bad movie.  The script was just dull. No, they just got a bunch of stupid lines that were completely unbelievable and should never be used. It's not supposed to be asinine. The thing is, there are too many lines. And I just can't believe that people actually written bad movies: the story was good. The acting was good and the story-line was awful, but it was just boring, boring. The soundtrack was a mess.  Unfortunately the movie is very short and not very original.  It's just that when they are bored of this and watch it again, they will forget and go back to being bored. The writing was bad and it felt like a big waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to sit through the whole thing!  And now, that same thing is happening.  There are no spoilers, but instead there is this terrible script, but no plot! It's about an old man who has chosen to live alone in a secluded cabin and who has the mental ability to kill his wife, but then she kills her! In this cabin, the old man and the boy live on different floors. In the secluded room where they have chosen to die, the boy goes to the ground to die.  A film like this is a real disappointment for children and I think it's really a pity! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very predictable and predictable and very well-written. If the script writer is a great writer, then the audience will likely enjoy his and the movie in the same way.  In conclusion, though this movie has several great twists and turns that the writer could have designed and written, you should leave this movie in your DVD player.  The writing is also quite poor in quality. It's just too bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (as in "The Shop Around The Corner" and "The World Of The Dead" and all that nonsense.) This is the kind of film that makes you want to scream, scream, run, run away... just to try.  I was not looking for a "Dead Zone", but rather the usual crap-movie style, but this has enough "dood-movie" and poor script to keep you from being completely lost by it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a "bad movie, with stupid animals in the form of animals". I've just seen the movie "Black Cane" (1997) and its the last movie I've ever seen before my parents drove me out of the country and took me to Africa to see the animals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an average of what I have ever seen, but I don't know a thing about the other movies. And what the hell is "Criminally Insane"? Is it a joke movie? Why is "Wanted" and "Silent Hill" so "unbelievable" as they should be? Why not "The Shining"?  "Dressed in Red" looks like a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen i think. The only thing i have never seen in my life is the worst movie i have seen, but the other things i have heard of are the worst and worst and i feel sorry for those people.  A lot of the comments here talk about the cast, and it sounds like they are going to use the movie for shock value. The script is atrocious. It is a real shame i have to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie, the female scientist is called upon to conduct an experiment on a man that has the ability to generate energy that, when combined with his own energy, he can then use it to generate light to create the effect of a star. It's hard to believe this woman could ever be a star and it's sad that it had to rely on her energy to create this effect and keep her light output constant and even greater.  It's really sad that this woman had to depend on her own energy to generate a constant light output that was capable of turning a man into a star (in other words, a star that had the ability of turning light into energy).  But it's really really sad the way this movie is so reliant on energy that is generated by a human (if the energy was a normal human or a monkey or even a bat) and it really is sad that she has to rely so much on her friend, her best friend, and her roommate. However, her energy output is not as low as I have seen before and it is really sad this woman ended up on the floor of her apartment and her friend and roommate had to come over and take her up and down several times and it shows her and her best friends having to use her energy as a light source to avoid getting hit by it (if they even did that) and she had to use it so much she ended up hitting the walls and ceiling of their room. But if anyone could have invented the energy source that she used to light up the room, she wouldn't have been able to do that. The rest of the characters in the movie were all really awful, annoying. And if the characters had been switched to different actors the actors didn't have to change. That was bad.  But that is the whole point of the movie. In fact, they didn't even have to have their dialogue changed in a natural manner as they had to for the rest of us to enjoy it.  I don't know why the characters changed to different people (because their energy were low) or if it was supposed to make sense.    But all in all this movie really is terrible because the characters were switched around and had no idea what to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is all wrong.  The premise is all right, but the characters are all too unlikable. They are in such a hurry to be a little less likable.  I was hoping they would make me laugh out loud at this movie. It's a pity to see that the main characters aren't just annoying, but so are the guys who are supposed to be the actors (yes they are the people who play their roles). I am looking forward to the first sequel, the last installment before the franchise goes on hiatus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible that there is a story line between the three leads: "John Turturro" is a reporter investigating "the disappearance" of "Mr. Turturd" (Turturrob) is an attractive and attractive reporter for a large company; "John" gets in trouble when he is fired from the job by the head of the company and takes "Mr Turturb" to the company manager "Bobby" (Bobby Farrell), the man who has made Mr Turtursro his assistant and is the head manager for the company.  The story line is weak in this movie: "Bud" is married to "Pat" and they start having problems together in marriage. But then he gets in a car accident, his marriage breaks up. He and Patty start to have problems at their own home. They have the "money" to pay for an emergency room visit, their home gets flooded and their car becomes disabled by the floodwaters. They decide to start a new life somewhere else in the world and start a family. The only problem in their lives in the meantime is that they have enough time to build a new home before the flood waters reach their own. So they leave the house for good, it rains and they build the new home, then decide to stay.  But by then the flood water have reach their "own" home, so the problem they had to face is not even real, because the "people" who lived there were not "people"; because the flood is real and the house and car are "real" and the problem is real. Then there is an ending where John and Pat get divorced and decide to spend their time as husband and wife. This ending is at least an excuse for the actors, but it is disappointing when it is explained that they are having problems in their marriage, but the problem does not end when they decide to have new lives. They leave each other, start a different life.  This is a poor film with poor writing; the characters are dull and predictable. The story is about the problems in marriage and relationships, but there is hardly any character development, so they are the only people who are given any development at all. It's sad that the characters behave like the real people that they know, but with different motivations and different personalities and so there is no character development.  In short, this is a movie that is not so "unlikeable" because they have the same goals
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I Love Lucy"  "Possibilities"  The film is the one and only example I have ever seen of a movie where you are treated to a "frigid, unruly and unruly young girl" (Linda Blair) on her first day of a high school class, and you have to get a job, because there's no place for you in high school. I can only assume she had some kind of plan for her life.  I think she was really, really annoying, and un-relentingly un-American, but the whole thing was made up by the writers and director, who had clearly no understanding what they were doing. It is hard to think of a worse movie: the first 20 minutes of the film is full of clichés and cliched situations, and the whole concept of "the girl in high-school" is totally absent.  "The Girl in High School"   I just can't fathom how anyone could have the guts to make such a film. There is no real meaning to the whole "high school" thing. But, you know, it is what it is, but I do give it a 3.  The Girl in the Girl's Room  This is one of the worst films I have EVER SAW, and it is so bad I had to shut off the light and take an aspirin to stop from vomiting.  (So, in short: don't see it unless you have no idea how you are supposed to feel about it).   The script is stupid and boring; no one in their right mind would EVER believe these writers and directors and what they wrote.  A real shame I would give to these writers/directors for making "The School Girl Next Door" - what is wrong with them? A lot, but only because they really believe that the character in the girl's room is the only possible example of a typical American teenager (because the director had done it so poorly, but there are many people who do believe that), but I did give them some credit for doing it so badly and making us wait until the end credits roll and the last one in the movie says it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to make a decent film and promote a movie you need money from people who are not getting paid to make this film. The producers are not being paid for their movies but for doing such a good job.  The producers of this film should have been given a little more money. The film is a very poor man who is getting a job at a small school that specializes in the arts. The money is getting cut off the top of his head.  This is also the worst-worst-movie I have ever seen. It is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this film years ago when I was about to leave college. The acting was awful. However, it wasn't awful. The dialogue wasn't contrived, the story was not written by people whose intelligence is on the same level as mine.  The film is one of the worst I've seen since then. It really does NOT know when the film's going to end.  I had a friend who liked this film despite the fact that the characters were all named after a certain point. So now what do I do? I'll wait until the film ends. But I'd prefer it to end sooner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (a) The story is all about a young scientist and his wife. (b) This movie takes the "scientific" angle to the "creative" one, but it's mostly just really bad, boring, unoriginal, bad, clichéd films which have little meaning. I don't know who would make the movie better than this poor excuse for a B movie. It could have been a great movie.   The only thing I can really say about this movie is the fact that the acting is awful and uninteresting (but not enough to ruin the film) - if you want a film which has bad production, you'll find it in the "Creative" section. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen this movie (except when you're 14), you're not going to enjoy the story.  That's my advice anyway.  It's not the movie I've ever thought I had to have watched to learn something. But there are worse things to be said for this movie. But that is what I'm going to say.    This movie really doesn't work. So I really think it should be canceled from a 3 star movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a bad idea, but it is a big disappointment.  It is an annoying disappointment. I mean the only thing that made me smile was when I was 14 or 15.  But my main complaint is about the bad movie. The whole thing is really boring. It's like watching an ice cream cone from the beginning, but only better. It really really awful. It is not the worst, but you do get an annoying one if you are a fan of bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even going to compare the plot and character development between the main characters and the villains. I'm also not going to waste my time reviewing this film.  If you are a fan of horror cinema (and it is one of my favorite horror films of all time) this film should be a must see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is uninteresting (I have to admit, it's only in the beginning, but then, there is no time when you start feeling like a total dork)  There's not one story line. But, when you think about it for more then five minutes you don't feel like one story. It's just a bad script. It gets boring, but the script itself is pretty weak (though they are the same dull script throughout).  That's the problem. It tries.  This movie also tries to be one of those movies with no story because of the "plot" (and I will say, this movie is the type of movie that will bore you to tears if you waste your time watching it. I guess, because the story is weak, but it only gets so much boring. So, if you can take one, do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating is 4.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After reading a very very negative review written by Richard Dawkins about "Why is the religion of God so offensive? Does that mean I am supposed to dislike it? Why would I be in any way offended if I saw God's name mentioned so much in the movie. I was just disappointed that a film with a non-existent God made at least 2 dozen hours of the film and made no point in the world of faith, but it also made no sense. This was just a bunch of badly made movies with the name God all over it.  I think it would have been better if I had seen this at first, but that's it. I can see it now. I think I've seen every movie in this series and I would rather watch the rest of the series and leave everything else at that.   If you get the chance to see this, please DO so! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting and story are poorly written in this movie, but you have to be a certain kind of person to notice it, but the actors are too wooden for even this to be as bad, "Worst of the Worst" movies. So if you see this movie on a Friday night, or on a Saturday morning, or any other time it's on TV, don't expect to be treated like a regular, ordinary film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot fathom the rationale of this decision. This is a disaster to me. This movie is just a disaster.  The plot is one thing. But the other problem is, this film is nothing more than a load of pretentious self indulgent drivel. Everything is pretentious, but it is pretentiously terrible and tedious.  If the filmmakers had the ability to show anything to any rational thought at all, the only thing that could save this atrocity is that they should have showed some actual content. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films that have the same name as a single production (The Big Chill), but are also in many cases just listed in the credits. This is just a way for those who are interested in watching movies, and a way to insult each other as the film becomes a "lost treasure."  The DVD has a "free" version of this film on it. The original version contains two out of 10. The DVD was advertised on the front cover for $2.50, but it looks like they have to pay $5.50 for that version, but the DVD itself is $5, and there are other versions that are cheaper than the original $5 DVD.  One has to say, however, this doesn't do enough. The "freebie" version only gets a 2.00 rating from the USPCC for its "low budget" acting and a 0.20 rating from IMDb for bad movie with bad dialog. It's probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen on the subject. The biggest problem with this film is it's a joke!  The original "Gremlins" (a film starring a bunch of people who are pretending to be the same character, and who are all called "G" in the film) has a lot of great jokes, but not enough jokes that make this a laughing stock joke. The characters are so predictable that they can do a lot with the actors they have been playing.  But if you have any sense of intelligence, don't waste your money and rent this instead. It doesn't help that "G-Man" is the title of the original "film," it only just makes the DVD an insult to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a young woman on her way to becoming a reporter in the newsroom, her boyfriend, Peter Bogdanovich (Daniel Stern) goes to see her and then informs her that his wife is having an affair. The woman, desperate for sex, finds herself pregnant and in desperate need of a sperm donor. Peter Bogdonovich, who made an indy flick before coming out of the closet and into the world as a gay man, tries to help his friend, while Bogdan and Stern make out. Bogdan, who seems incapable of accepting this change in reality, does not. The film is, in a word, a half of a movie about a father, mother and child, but in the end, there's a huge mess of lesbianism, bisexuality, and incest, and it looks like Bogdan might be making love to his girlfriend and then getting laid and having sex with a man.  So that's really a lot.   The script is badly written and badly acted, but it is still an incredibly awful movie. It is a horrible waste of time. It's a waste of one-time-only. There's nothing much to criticize and there are still a bunch of things you've never heard before, but at least there's enough time to kill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is awful... but not a single one of the scenes has ever looked remotely like a turkey, but when there is a bunch of strangers at a table with the man on the left of the woman sitting in front of the guy, the waitress, and when there are two people having sex, the man's partner's legs are visible. But when there's a lot of strange people around, things happen. The girl in the room gets turned upside down, but she's got a little too much to keep up with when there isn't.   If you want to see the turkey that ISN'T supposed to be there, or the turkey where the turkey's face is the one that IS, you'll love this. You're going to love it, and you're going TO hate it.  I didn't hate it, but if you read the other comments and say to yourself, "Wow. I couldn't believe this, but you can believe it. You can even say you hated it, just in case.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes after watching this film I thought it was OK. But the characters in the film were way too predictable, and the characters' names were way way too long. This film was one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life. It is one of those movies that just plain sucks.   The premise is so ridiculously predictable, but the characters are way too artificial. That's not what the movie is about, but their performances are way way way out of line and way way unimpressive, but they get me started off before I even know what's going on.  I'm starting to think it's OK.  Overall I have to give this movie a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was only a little "bad movie" (except when it's so bad in the first minutes), but I found it so annoying it went straight to the point, but it's way too annoying in a bad way. It's way, but you need to get used to the "bad script" that is so hard to make sense in. But this movie was really hard to hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film with a lot of interesting and well directed acting is a must see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie, I'm sorry, I couldn't care less for it because I saw it twice on Showtime.  But at the end of the day, we can all see why a film would have to be written to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In "Roadhouse," a bunch of college kids drive around in a van and decide to take a trip to the farm. The main idea seems to be the same as the one that the kids get in the film "Saved by the Bell." (The one that gets in the van is obviously a little too young for his/her age and gets the bell.)  The idea of the "farmers' revolt" is completely silly. The idea that the farm is somehow just the people who've chosen to live in the house and are doing everything right, but the plot doesn't go that far. "Saving By the Bell" was a very silly idea. It was a funny idea, but I think the movie makers should've made the farm "the world."   The only thing I can think of that I really don't understand is the ending and the characters' motives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating:  10/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately this movie, like many others, seems to be quite short of the material. There are no jokes.  There is also no nudity. That said, there are more than enough sexual jokes and it is an embarrassment that can't be explained. I guess if I had known that this was a comedy movie in the same vein as Mr. Show, I'd have laughed more.  The writing and character designs of the characters are not terribly bad, but I didn't find this one funny either. I was also very annoyed that this movie had such an incredibly low budget as it is and had little to say in the long run. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is a movie where you just can't trust anything. It's like, "ok i'll put my money where my mouth is".  I mean what are you supposed to believe? It? It's that type of movie where it's so boring that it's not even funny.  There are many things that have absolutely nothing to do with the movie, but it isn't even all that bad.  the music score is atrocious, and its a film for anyone who can't believe in the god damned script. But the plot is stupid stupid, but a god awful one at that. I think it should be the end. It would be nice to see more of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's a doddle-bruiser who's got the goods, but doesn't show it. That's where I lost interest.  But what's the point if the bad movie was really that bad. If I had, I could have written a really poor review about the movie: There is a reason why I had the goods: I felt it wasn't realistic at all (a joke to anyone who has read the book), but the movie was flat-out awful and I think that they should have written one, because the book was terrible because it was a poor waste of writing.  That's it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is also very, very short. The music in the movie is very bad and dull. I would advise you to avoid watching it unless you're at least 16 years old, but the music and actors are way overrated.  I'm sorry to say this, however: A lot of things didn't add up. The worst thing about this is that they just weren't that good and original, but it's a shame that they had all of the actors, music, and plot they had when they were young (like when I was 14, for example), because that's when they went to school.  What a shame this really was, but you had to be there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen and enjoyed the majority of this film in the past several times. I can say that it is a bad film. I am glad to have seen it again this year and I am very surprised at the low budget film "The Big Black Dog"  The only thing I found remotely interesting was "The Dog Show". The film itself is not bad. It's just a disaster. A disaster.  This film is a disaster! It's a disaster and there's only one person who seems to have any kind of sense. He's the only person who appears to have ever had a real good idea. The whole idea of the film is the same as if a meteor were to explode and kill everyone, but the disaster is on a grander scale. The actors, script, locations are as bad. So what? What would you have to do if you thought that all of us were in the end of the world because of this meteor?  I just hope it doesn't happen before I have to admit that I just haven't noticed it before. That's what I am talking about. But I don't know if it will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at the same time there are other movies about racism and anti-semitism and about the Holocaust that are just not funny at all. The only way this movie fails as a bad comedy movie is when one of the characters starts spewing out racist remarks at the Jewish community. I have seen some of the most awful racist comments and they are not funny. But I thought the movie was an insult to Jews.  The problem with this movie is that the Jewish characters are so awful. There are so many stereotypes in this movie. I thought all the stereotypes were one of a kind (or, one of two) and would be so funny.  I can't say the same for the white characters and their parents. I will say that I'm surprised at how many people actually think this is a bad film, but I can say that it was just annoying.   The only real problem I had was one of timing. The first part of the movie is pretty good as the story goes and so is the story and the cast. This movie has a few racist jokes. The rest of the jokes I have had with me since I have known this movie for five years, but it was the second part of this movie that had me yelling and swearing a lot in front of the mirror.  If you have ever seen a lot of movies in your life and just wanted to be angry or feel sorry for yourself, then you can see how the other two major stereotypes are the bad ones, but the movie just goes to show you that there is a problem here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No idea whatsoever. But... but...  The characters are not that different. The storyline is. They are not written differently, nor are there multiple endings. I thought it a waste of time and time spent on such a waste.  The story is... the main character is... one of my favorite actors of the 70s and 80s! The dialogue is... a mixture of poor language, bad acting, and poor writing (though not bad). The character development is... poor and predictable, but unfortunately we still have no clue whatsoever about the characters.  Avoid this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film will be missed by all those that have ever set foot in a dark and horrible place. I know there's one thing that's been missing for the past decade.  The only good thing to this film is that it has some sort of message to carry with it.  This is also a prime example of a bad, if not the worst part of the film. But there's no point making this list of movie "sinkholes" for a bunch of writers and producers who have never seen a movie, but have seen hundreds of films in a year, and who obviously thought they knew something.   But the most glaring problem with this film remains its most pointless and uninteresting plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even convinced that these are the worst movies I have ever seen. I'm surprised. However, when you have seen the first three movies, you will see the effects of the story are quite obvious (because of the plot holes).  As an amateur, you'll like it. The problem, as is the case with all movies, is that they are terrible and unnecessary movies. If you are not at least a 1, you should see this first (but don't). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like it. I really thought it was a real waste of time. I didn´t really understand it. It wasn´t. It's not the end of the movie, but just it´s a disaster to everyone who had ever seen it.  I think it was the worst disaster of all.  But it is a disaster.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One would say the story line has been established. But they are right. The script itself is predictable. In a way that is completely implausible. So it.  The film is full of bad writing. The dialogue is poor to non existent. I would rate it 1 out of 10.  This film is so bad that the characters are the same as the story.  Avoid this movie. Avoid it. Avoid this film. Avoid It. Avoid the film. the film it. the Film it.the Film it is.the film.the...film.the a film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this movie should have expected more from a movie about an abusive marriage between two guys whose parents died in a fire, but instead it's really about the kids. I think the movie got the ball rolling and the producers knew they had to do something about it soon.  The story has the same old characters and same tired jokes. The acting is bad and the story is so predictable.  There's not much to talk about and there's not many people I could dislike because they were really that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the woman on her way to see her own mother and grandmother is very sad and very hard to watch.  When I was 8 I got very sad when I first saw this movie and I wanted to be very hard on myself. I hated the movie because I felt that it was so hard and it was very painful to watch and I hated to see the movie even more because my grandmother had to see it every weekend for a year to get to see my sister's husband, my grandmother, my mother's husband and me.  And you should be very happy to see this movie because it's so badly written and so many lines of text are spelled and grammatically confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. It is worse, but it has to be. Bad acting. It. Bad story. Bad script, terrible dialog. A couple of very predictable "fraid" moments, bad story. And the ending is completely predictable and predictable, though this is the sort of movie that would make a "serious movie" in a first-person shooter game like Unreal or Unreal Tournament.  The plot seems to go nowhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No way in hell. The plot isn't interesting or exciting at all. In fact, I just think that these movies are a bad piece of art to look at. Unfortunately, the film doesn't hold my interest for long. I mean, it's a film that takes no creativity or skill whatsoever. But, if you see it, be prepared to be disappointed in yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the worst movie I've ever seen. I just want to be sure it wasn't boring and boring. But in that case, I've seen better than the average one.  It is NOT WORSE  The acting is bad, but the movie is terrible.   All in all, it's just boring.  But the movie itself is the main reason to watch the movie. It's just not that great, but it's not terrible. I give this movie a 3 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a result, the DVD is advertised as the equivalent of an average of 2 hours. However, the actual time is much longer and is therefore much more enjoyable, but this is still not a good film. However it is much too long, and much too boring.  The plot is boring, and the main character is dull, if only because he is one of the people who has not been able to adapt to a society based on a totally artificial concept of time. It is hard to believe that this is a complete waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why you even watched this movie, but there is something to be said for the acting.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title alone says it. He looks like a little kid who's about to go to sleep. He seems to be in his early to late teens at the time. A great feature is the fact that the two main characters look like they've been sitting in a puddle of jelly.  The only other person who might be in the wrong for this movie is Mr. Johnson. However, I believe he was only in his late teens and he wasn't in his teens. He had to have been very, very old to be able to do it. Mr. Gackt, the fat and bald guy, was in his mid teens and his hair was greasy looking and had to look like it is.  I mean really. The scene where the main characters are in the shower together and one of them says something along the lines of 'I hope you never get out of here' or 'you never' get out!  I've seen his movies many times and my heart is still going into my mouth. But it wasn't his fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this film is a disaster at the end of time, but with no apparent motive.  I could be forgiven for asking, what does a movie like this have to do with anything?   There are few people who are happy with this film and there are some who are not. They are probably on medication. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade:   My grade:  The grade: 0 - B  The Grade: 0  I can only imagine how this movie could have been made in a week. This is a major disappointment to the fans of the show.  My grades: 0, 2, 2  I highly recommend this if you are on the fence about this show and the characters, but I am not going to waste my time or money. The story line is extremely weak in the slightest. But this show doesn't work. This show doesn´t work because it is a bad sitcom in the world of the "B" series. And to those people who don´t know how a show works it doesn´T work. The writers and the actors are very similar and the show, but it is NOT a sitcom, but rather a cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this at the same time I rented a copy of it from someone who works in a video store. I have seen this and it just ruins my day.  The acting was horrible, the script was horrible and the cinematography was bad.  I don't know why I bothered to see this film in the theater. It has been dubbed by a bunch of actors that do not seem to fit into the category of the movie itself. The actors were not terrible. The acting and plot were not poor. But this movie had the worst actors. I'm going to rent it to see it again, but I can only hope that I'll be treated to a different movie in the next year. But, sadly, I'm not in the least surprised at this debacle, but it made me angry and the script stank. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad and there is so many movies with no story that it will be boring. I don't know why it not be boring, but, to me it is boring. But, the worst part of it, the beginning and end, and, the way that movie goes, is very confusing to watch (the last half-hour). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of those films that was supposedly shot on location. It's so bad. I can honestly say that I've seen enough crap I've watched this film. But the story lines were boring and the music scenes were bad. The acting was terrible and the costumes were awful. This film should be banned. But don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has many plot holes, but the main problem seems to be one of style and not substance. The characters and setting are also not exactly realistic. There's a nice cast and good story.  The writing is uninteresting and the storyline is strong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed by this piece, because I'm a writer who was a fan of the movie. But I can't write like a bunch of kids at school.  There were so many of them, I couldn't have watched all of them. They had so much in common that it became so incomprehensible and idiotic.  But there's no room for such things, not that this piece of rubbish is garbage, but what it IS is a load of b**tard. The only way I can explain the idiotic "cliche" and the idiolect of the film is that "everyone is going to die soon", but I don't know why this makes the kids cry so much, but it makes you mad to think so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not told very well, and the actors are mostly unknown, but the dialogue is terrible. I did not like it, but it and made a list of the worst movie I have ever seen. It, but, and this movie is the only film I have seen that is a complete waste of time. I cannot wait to see it again, and will never bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I am not sure that this movie is "bad" because it is "anti-religious".  I just think that, to my knowledge, the whole "religion" angle is not a terrible thing.  I am, however, skeptical about the direction of the movie, and the tone of religious beliefs, and even the content of religion.  But if you want to see a movie that is like this, the only place I can recommend is to take a trip to the New York Film Festival (NYFF), which in recent years has been a big deal to me, but only so I can have a real reason to go to that festival and see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that people had to call the cops and they would shoot some guy (in some kind of weird way) because they thought he was killing people. It, which was a remake of "Stalker" and a bunch of the worst movies i've ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of people who think the world is going to end and I agree that there is no purpose to watch this movie. I have to say I don't find this film interesting at all. I do find it really a joke or to waste time with and this joke is my favorite. There really is no point to this movie but a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the only movie I ever watched with more than half the focus on the plot and half the characters in the cast. In fact, it is not even my least favorite. It's my least hated.   I have always hated the movie. I have even forgotten it. I just don't understand why anyone would want to see this movie, but I am glad I saw it. The movie was the only thing I saw in three days that didn't suck.  I thought that was good, but i hate this movie so much. I've never read the book to the point of loving it, but it was the worst thing I've ever seen in a bad film, but this is just terrible and not good. The acting in this movie is so bad.  It had a pretty good storyline and it was a real bore. I don't see anyone who likes this movie and I've only ever laughed more. It was the last time I saw the movie in an actual movie, yet this was the most disappointing part of this whole sorry mess.  If this movie has an ending which I can imagine a fan of the book and movie alike could understand, its because the book is the worst of the worst film and the last thing anyone in the book could say about the movie is that it wasn't supposed to be a great disappointment. The book and the book are supposed to have made the film worse film in this sorry mess of a movie.  The DVD I bought had this movie in the list of movies I wanted to buy when I was 9 years old, so I went out and bought it, and I hated this movie forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Film" doesn't work because the director is making a movie. This is another example of bad movie. The script is bad. The actors are bad, and I mean BAD actors. The story is dull, but they don't do a damn thing. It's just plain BAD. But then again, there's really nothing more to say than that.  I suppose the production design is a bit dull, I've watched two movies so far, but only one of them was not a joke. But nothing can prepare you for a big slap in the face, and a little bit of humour, and the acting of the main actor is atrocious and bad as the story progresses. I think that's what I would call "the worst movie I have ever seen".  I was thinking that was was how to write a joke at this movie. It wasn't a joke, but it wasn't the worst of a joke (if you don't believe me, I'm sure you'll believe most of the actors). However, all jokes were jokes, but nobody in this movie was remotely funny.  The story itself is so clichéd it just seems like a joke for everybody. The plot is worse and there are no laughs (unless you were expecting one).  But the script was the worst part of the movie, but the whole movie is a joke anyway. There are no good jokes, which in turn only shows you that the movie was not funny. I don't think the writer knew what he was doing, but you wouldn't know this from a scriptwriter who was a professional writer.  This movie had a lot of promise, but nothing. In short, this movie has only 3 levels of stupidity. A level 1 movie for the writers (a la "The Comedy of Human Rights"), a level 2 for the reviewers (a.k.a. "The Cinema"). But in the end, this film is a total joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first exposure to the movie was at a film festival. The actors were very nice and good. The script was weak and interesting. However, this movie was probably the worst of all of them.  The worst and the most predictable mistake is the fact that the main characters were very thin-skinned white Americans. It makes you wonder why so many movies have all the characters be white Americans (and a few of them have been Asian Americans), but they never have the characters Asian Americans are so thin-tanned and the casting of Chinese people in general is wayyyyyy over the top. However this mistake is not even as obvious as one big mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is true that the script is very wooden in a lot of movies. However, as the writer said it is wrong but there is no reason why one should think that the movie was in fact made with the intention of trying to make a statement but was just trying to appeal to the general public. It is unfortunate, though it is far from the worst. However I would have to agree with some of the comments, but the majority of them are so self indulgent that it is no wonder this was such a flop in 2003. I highly recommend this movie to anybody who is in need of something to think about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes of this movie is a little slow going. The other half of this film is about rape. The first thing the man in his room gets done raping and he starts screaming and beating and is told to stop. The rapist goes down on his hands and knees and he is told not to stop and just wait. He does so, but then he is raped and his friend's friend's brother's friend is beaten. He is told, he just doesn't stop. He just waits. He doesn't wait. His friend's wife just does what she is told. She just says to him: "You'll get what you deserve. You'll be in your room. It will be there for the whole movie. And the end will leave you in your bed, dead. You just wait." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is so transparently inconsistent with the plot of the movie: the whole movie is shot in black and white - so it looks better, but the whole idea that the whole world is black and whites - and by the way, I know what you're going to say: the movie doesn't make sense.  I know a bit about this world - about the mysterious "Black Hat" - but then I don't really know a whole lot about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, there's no plot - so what the heck.  And it wasn't all bad, it wasn`t all bad! I guess when I got back to the beginning of the movie I saw this the first time it showed me that there was no plot in it. The plot was weak, but that it was in the beginning, but the characters were all young and you didn`t believe the bad things they said.  Then I started watching it again with my parents on a Friday afternoon (because that would have been their only chance of seeing this film, but I wasn`m sure that the actors didn`T act like they were 20. I think I`d forgotten that it would take them an hour and a half or more to make it through the film. It`s only the beginning.   I think that this is the one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is a parody of "Mystery Men".  The plot is about a serial killer (which I haven't even read a whole lot yet). But the most important part of the story is about two boys who are victims of the killer. They are played by Jack Black and Nick Stahl. The two boys meet each other in a church and later, one boy is killed, the other is sent to prison.  What are the real problems in the movie? Why is it called "Mysteries"? The movie has the "wrong people". The victims of this killer are boys. The killers are men. Why do they kill each other when they meet? They only meet and kill one boy. They kill one girl but she is sent away. This film seems to have all the qualities of a "Son of the Devil". The killer is a teenager who is only fourteen years old. The killer kills the boys as they are getting ready to go home to their parents. The movie fails miserably. I gave it an F to rate it as a "poor man's worst movie ever". The acting is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not funny, but I'm sure it wasn't a very funny. But the movie itself was the only thing I liked in this movie.  I'd rather see a movie that made fun of itself, but it's the most important movie of all time. The movie that disappointed me most about this movie was one with a completely different plot. But this is the movie that has given me the biggest complaint of all, but not in a way that makes this film a masterpiece.   The problem with this film is that it's not so bad. This is the film that has done the most damage in the last decade, but you can tell that it only has a few of its fans. But it really wasn't for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only one thing that I didn't like this is that it was shot in a low budget film. Itself, but not in the original movie.  The original movie is pretty much of what this movie has to offer, but the script, acting, writing, directing, and plot are all much better.  One of the many reasons this movie is such a bore is that the story is far-fetched, but it's really nowhere near the worst case of this movie. The fact that they shot in poor conditions could be explained easily, but in the end they failed to produce any kind of coherent story. They just made one more thing a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a bunch of scenes that are badly acted and poorly acted, even when its really acting is bad or the story is poorly written. Some scenes are so bad the script doesn't work at all, but it fails miserably, but that doesn't save this movie. I've never seen a movie with this kind of a plot or this kind a premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film was the second, but I had to wait until the third one came out. I think this movie would have been better than "The Mother."  It It It (The Mother).  The only thing this movie didn't do was insult the audience and use it as a metaphor for itself (The Father is just a guy trying to convince the mother to have sex with him. The Father's just a woman who's trying to persuade the mother into sex with the father). In the end, he finally comes to terms with his own sexual feelings. He then goes on to have one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but this one is the worst of the bunch.  But then, when the father decides to have Sex with the Mother, he begins to regret it because the Mother is a virgin, but the mother decides to try to have a baby, and the father is an alcoholic. The film was awful and unnecessary. It was really a waste of a film that doesn't merit a rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is obvious that the film-makers were attempting to cash in on the production of this film, but no one can say they were particularly successful, but the film did manage to attract some critical attention from major players in the industry.  The plot was weak as there were few parts of the film that were not completely uninteresting. Some of the production values of this movie made it into the top 250 for worst film-making in history.  There is much room for improvement, but you might consider this one to be one of the worst films I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was in essence a complete failure: The characters have been reduced to the role of a typical sitcom. This movie is a complete waste of time. The movie begins on an outdoor country road in a small town, and a motorcyclist is following a motor scooter at the speed limit, but his speed limit is 90 miles per hour. The actor is poor, but it seems to drag the whole movie down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, I must say that I am extremely impressed with the movie and the story.  The problem is that most people would like to see this story of a woman, a former high school girl and the girl, her father and their friends. It it's way past the point where you have to take it seriously. This is an extremely weak movie which makes you laugh and I will go out of my way to say that, with one exception, I will never watch this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's not the worst of the problems that make this film a bad film: The plot, acting or story are too thin in some parts. This movie is based around the idea of not being able to make a lot of decisions in a day, but about a guy who makes decisions without really thinking of the consequences.  What makes this movie a bad idea is its poor acting.   The music has been awful for a long time, but its not a bad genre.  But then, its not so much of a drama. I mean, its an absolute bore and there is absolutely no point to even waste an hour of your life watching it.  If you're looking for a film to waste your time with, this film is the movie to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a very promising scene, but they fail to deliver, but then they all get on with it. They are, quite literally, making a movie with no script. It, but it feels like there was some kind of plot (especially because a bunch of people were arrested for their involvement in a "riot" in London). The film has no narrative cohesion, but the character development is a little weaker. The actors are mostly unknown.  I had to go to the film festival London for this film, but after seeing the director's previous short film (which I've watched several times) I feel more alienated from what I've just seen. I'm not a huge fan of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first "lost" movie that I have seen in a long time. I have been waiting in anticipation for this movie to release. But I will not pay for a copy of the movie. I give it a 0. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only time I ever noticed it was for the purpose of making a joke, but the film is only a joke; but I was unable to laugh at anything I couldn't.  The problem with this film is that it's supposed to be a comedy of the film. The jokes aren't that funny; but that's not an excuse to waste your time laughing at these things and the fact that they do make sense. If you really want to see some more pointless, ridiculous, pointless, and idiotic comments, you might be better off watching the original, and it's really that big and that boring.  But at the end I am left with a headache. This film is about stupidity, but it's about stupidity and stupidity. It's just not in the same league as the original is. The original is a lot more funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that bothered me was how the filmmakers were using the actors in their commercials? Who would have thought that there was anything going on between commercials and music videos?  One more time: I remember when I was about 7 years old, I remember watching this video with my own eyes (it's just so short, but I don't remember what I said) and I said to my 8 year old cousin, "Hey, just like that video I watched when I first saw the trailer." I said, "Oh, but it was so short and has a good music. Just like that..." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie wasn't bad, but the film wasn't that interesting, but it was just an amateurish attempt at producing a movie that was in dire need of money.  It The movie has no real purpose, but rather was poorly made, a bad script and terrible writing is pretty much the only reason this movie got the time of day. The script and dialogue are awful bad and very poorly written and are the main reason for the film's rating.  Overall:  I did agree with the majority of reviewers that this film is in fact the worst movie I have ever seen and I gave it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of "I've watched this movie a couple times".  The movie contains a couple of scenes with strange women dressed in "fruity" clothing. These scenes were just so weird and the women were a lot more interesting than they were before because they were "hot", but it didn't end up being that bad. The whole movie seemed like it was the equivalent of "Little Tree", but without the plot and the romance it still doesn't get good and the story doesn't make any sense.  There is one funny scene with two old women and one young woman. Both are equally awful in their old age and both can still have sex.  I liked the movie and the way that it made me think that my life was going to end because I was going "to die" at any given moment. I'm not expecting to be "sexed" again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch it and find something else to enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible. I don't know where to start. I just can't. I'm not going to waste my time trying to figure out why the movie's so bad and why they had to change to a different name for the movie after a major disaster. This movie is not a total waste of film. This is very bad, I have to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with the narrator talking to a homeless man in a van on a motorbike (a.k.a.t.a.) and tells the story of how this guy has to go through a series of "re-hilarious" scenes. Then the story progresses to a bad ending which is a rip-off of "The Goonies". "The whole movie is like this".  If you are under 5, you're gonna be annoyed to death when you watch this.  The plot is very predictable and this movie really has a bunch of really poor actors.  I can guarantee you, you won't find much else in this movie, but the script is a total joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this in the original version, and I must say, the original versions had better story and character development, more characters, more humor, more story. But, unfortunately, this version is no longer being made.  The original version had many jokes. The sequel was no different at all.  Some people, like me, have said "why is this in such a funny movie?" it's an amazing movie, and it's my least favorite. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I knew the premise was that the story of this movie was bad and I can hardly recall one film which was actually very good. So, I was disappointed because I can still see the outline of the outline which is so thin and can be read. It would be a pity if they just released the movie which I thought was so very dull and predictable.  The plot is very predictable if you've read the book and have watched the TV series.  It's one of those films that make you feel like you're in the middle of a soap-opera, but it's one which I personally think is just a terrible waste of time.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this film is so clichéd. The music is boring, the sets are so boring and so they don't get any points. I saw this movie on a German TV program, but I think the cast was OK.  This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I think we can all learn a few things.   There's only one thing I can think of that I didn't like. The character in this movie is so awful and I don't think he knows what he's supposed to be doing or what he can expect.  The only thing I like was when he was in the "dark place", where we learn how it is. He's so much like him, but there are many different stories about him, not about him. Unfortunately, there was nothing special, nothing so unbelievable.  I don`t know how they got this information, but it seems like the plot would have been better. We can all be our friends! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending is quite disappointing. But in fact the ending is, by definition, the ending. A film where there is no ending is a film about a film where the ending (and there is a non-ending in this film) is the ending of a film. It's just not as a film that doesn't exist in the real world or the real universe.  That's not a great film or anything. It is just not very good, in fact.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is boring and so on and on. And so we get the following:   This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life and I'm not even a fan of the main characters. But it, the movie just doesn't work and so we are forced to take a few hours to finish it.  I don't know why this movie is so bad at all.  The actors are poor, they're dumb, they are just terrible.  What a waste of the time. I hate this movie and I hate all the writers so I can't write a movie of my own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, it is clear the writer/director have a good idea about how to make it better. So they have decided not to make a film. But in this case, the writer, director and star who should have been blamed for everything are all involved in one of the biggest catastrophes in the world history: a movie made in 1998 is a great failure on a bad weekend, but so is a film made by the writer and director who are not even remotely as bad as some would have said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot has many different sub plots.  My rating: ***SPOILERS***   I've always been a big fan of the genre, but I was never the biggest fan. Unfortunately, in many cases the actors were terrible and very predictable (though boring) and the movie was predictable.  The movie was directed by one of the best (though least of all) of the actors of the 1970s and the 1980s.  I have to say, as the characters in this movie were bad, the movie itself was boring and the music was awful. The plot was bad.  So was the script. But it only seems like a waste of time.  If you were to compare the movie to the original. Then you're going to have to choose between the original and this.  SPOILER   This movie is not good at all. The idea was. but this movie is bad. I was expecting that this movie will do a lot better than other movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie in this film is the beginning, when the movie is released on video, but the story line has been introduced, but in many cases, in different parts of the film are actually the same actors. There is not much continuity, but a lot of plot and dialogue and good performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie, though, isn't about a bunch of people who are going to jail for a year. There's also a couple of kids who get sucked into an egg in a magic pool. In the middle of the movie, one of the kids is killed by a wizard who throws an egg at the wizard's head with the intention of killing him. I really wanted to do this to the kids in the movie. At the same time, I really don't like it that much, but it's a crappy waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen several movies this year with the name of "Maddy", but I've come away with a very positive conclusion that the actors were poorly conceived of, but that the characters were not believable, either. The plot itself was uninteresting, but the movie was very boring, if it didn't. But then why was this a disappointment? The script was also really badly written and badly directed, which I am certain that most people in the audience were suffering from serious psychological problems and would have found the movie boring. And the cast are OK.   I don't recommend this movie. If you are looking for a "MADDIE" movie, I would recommend this one instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like to waste the money and see all the bad movies for the second time.  When I look forward to watching the movie a few months back I could almost say I am not watching for two hours. If I were to do that I might go blind after three. But since the movie is already so bad it is no use.  But then I wonder how long the movie will last? I am surprised at this movie's low budget effects. But there is a problem:  There is nothing that could make this movie a real disaster because of a lack of money. The movie is boring and the story boring. A disaster like this is a waste of time. A good example to see how bad movies. The only thing it misses is the dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the kind that you may hate.  I did not watch this movie because I am some sort of dumber film-goer. It is to blame for the movie that's so bad and you are to be held responsible. The movie is based on the premise that the main character, who's name is spelled with an apostrophe, is responsible for everything and everyone that's in the movie. In fact, it is so dumber than a four year old's writing.  This is a waste of time and I'm going to rent this movie from the video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a real disappointment to those of us who love the original version of the series. I have to say that I thought this was a low budget version of a B-grade horror comedy. This movie was in poor taste and in poor acting, with a few exceptions, but the main problem is it's one of those movies you cant sit through a whole movie with. Its not in the way of a joke, but if you want to go see it, make yourself a promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an excuse for someone in the worst possible way, but even that can't save you from a bad ending. The only other film I can say for certain that this has bad effects, which the production company should have been working on to remedy, is this, the worst. I have heard of the movie before and even I was willing to give this a 2 for the effort. I think it was a bad attempt at creating suspense in the most non-Patton-Lahr movies that has been made in its entire history.   I was not expecting a sequel or anything. My expectation was this bad film, but I think the production and script was just flat out bad. But just don't expect a sequel.  The ending is, you know, predictable and all, and the plot is also very predictable. This film is, after all, made on a shoestring budget and not a large budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main character seems to have forgotten something. But not for long, but he has lost something very important to himself. But it's all downhill from there, and there is no way of knowing where the characters were.  The story is the primary theme, but the main characters are simply annoying, and so are they. But the main character's name is a problem, but it's not an important plot, but not for very long, and the main actors are irritating. They don't even have the right to be annoying as the scriptwriter was.   In conclusion, a good movie, but we can get used to this mess, and we won't be bored of our lives, which has been a problem in the past. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two leads' motivations for the film are completely inexplicable and irrational reasons, but the two's motivations for each other are entirely arbitrary and illogical.  The film is a "bad-movie" in this type of movie and in one of them it's completely incomprehensible and incomprehensible. In fact, if you don't believe me it's not even an intelligent movie. The film doesn't even try to be more than a total waste of time, but there's absolutely no reason to waste my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain awful.  I am not going to give this movie a 1 from 1 because it was an art movie, but only because I am a total art movie fan. I mean, it was awful bad. It's a huge mistake and the script could have been written better than this. And it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak.  The story is weak to the point of having no meaning. The main character of the film suffers from a brain-eating disorder.  There is no reason to see this film, except that it is a waste of time. It is dull and useless.  But this is a real waste of money. This film is a disappointment from the worst. But the movie is dull, uninteresting, and the story is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this film does not do a great job. I gave the film a 1 for every one of its mistakes. I really hate when I watched this film over a hundred years from 1913-1933 and this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. It's the only film I've watched that I hate because it was made during a time when it wasn't possible for me to see it. I can't help but think that the makers knew better than I do. It was made before the advent of computers. In the future, if this movie was made it would be more than a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie doesn't deliver what the makers say. The script is boring and the script is very annoying and sometimes not funny. The idea of the plot is interesting as this is about a young man trying to survive in the woods as this man knows only two things he should know...how to live off his own family and what is the point in life.  The characters in the movie aren't interesting either...it's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has been my least favorite movie in a long time. It's just like... oh... this was the first and probably my least least favorite.    And I really wanted to write a negativereview about a movie: This movie was just about being a teenager. Well... I'm not really into this at all... I mean... its like... wait what? How come the only one person that I ever heard of in the movie is Mr.Germain. That's it, its just not even close to being a complete waste of time.  I don't really understand what was going on, but... I hate the movie because I thought it was one of the worst movie ever, but its the first time I have ever seen it. Its not even the worst I have seen many times in my life. It is just bad... I've seen movies.... like.... that movie.  Well that movie wasn't even really a complete disappointment, it was just really awful and boring and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A comedy series on TV called "The Smokers". One episode featured a girl who is desperate to smoke her dad's medicine (her dad's name is "the Smokers"). The Smokers are not good. Their plot and the Smokers' jokes are as funny as "The House of the Dead" and "The Lost".  But this show is about two teenagers who have lost their virginity and who have only begun to see their first period (I was 15 at that point). The Smoker episodes aren't funny, but their humor is predictable and not at all.  But even if you don't laugh, it doesn't have to be funny.  "The house of the dead", "The missing", "the living dead", and "the dead". I had the Smoker episode, "The Dead". But I hated it more than most of the others. I can tell you, that makes me angry, but not all of them, but the Smiler episode is an especially crappy episode to hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm gonna tell you, it's very simple: this movie sucks... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason this is not in the worst movie ever.  The director of "Criminally Insane" should have been proud of this film, but it has only one problem. But he should have done a much better job of directing. But this is a film for fans of extreme violence, but I personally hated the rest of the movie and the ending because it was so hard to find. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a rather poor movie made from a combination of several mistakes made by the Director (Barry Phillips) of the original "Criminally Insane".  If you like a very slow paced "Cinema of the Century" (Drew Barrymore) and/or are not a fan of the series, this is a movie of dubious merit.   I don't know why, but this movie needs to be re-released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, this movie is about a guy who lives with his girlfriend who is getting a boyfriend (an ex) and wants to find someone else who will do something with her.  So how do you know what a guy wants.  But this movie doesn't make any sense, but there are some parts that just are pretty bad, but they don't tell you anything about the plot.  If you get the chance, this is a really terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is the only bad movie I have seen in a long time, but it doesn't save it. The story is weak in the slightest bit, but you will be laughing your ass off the next time you open your eyes.  And this is NOT a movie I just watched for laughs, but one I never will.  It is a bad rip off of a horror movie and I just can't believe a film this bad. And it's probably because I am 14 and this movie had a lot of blood and guts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into a coma after watching this film. My husband had the same reaction. This film was so very unfunny. The dialogue is horrible. The acting is horrid. The camera is horrible, the special effects are. The story is thin, I guess, but the story is so thin and so uninteresting. The plot is so flat and boring. I have seen it three times. It's just not all that bad. It is it really that bad, right?  But that's not even the worst, but...  If you like this film, don't watch it at night. The writing and the characters are awful. The film doesn't have a lot of special effects and the actors are OK.   The film is so poor, I feel sorry for my cats. They're like two little kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this film in high school, I can see that this is not a very good movie. There is one scene where the camera-work is terrible, the actors are horrible, but it was shot in slow motion. The rest of the film just looks like an amateur student film made in 2001. But this film suffers from several problems. The cinematography is amateur, but not to a significant degree. The acting is horrible and, unfortunately, so are the writing and the dialogs. There were several mistakes in this film, but, in the end, this film was just about as bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts to play like a game of rock, paper, scissors and the plot develops to be a rather standard "movie". The problem with this is that the movie doesn't really work as a standard movie. You don't have a lot of time to sit through it. And this is a rather bad movie and the writer is on the case for not showing the story in all of its aspects. It's not because they got money, you have to see it to understand that there are two problems with this movie. The first problem is the fact that there is more to life than the events of this movie that I have ever seen. But the movie goes into the realm of making the writer think that life is only a few years away. The problem here is that there can be nothing that a human can think or feel. He thinks that only humans have that problem. You have to be really smart if you want to write a positive review about something so much as this. I was in the theater and I was ready to give this movie a "two thumbs up" and so much that the director could call it a masterpiece.  This movie doesn`t work for people.  I have seen this movie many times and it really does not work for me.  The story is a joke (not for the writer or the director). But the film doesn` t work for everybody and not everybody has the problem with a very young boy who is about to be raped and becomes pregnant with a baby.    I don`t know why this movie was made. But it works for me, but I was also a big fan of the first one and I could not wait a minute to see the sequel to this movie just because I thought it had potential or some kind of brilliance, and it does not really work for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first two seasons of this series, you probably liked the third season of this show which is in the same time slot as this show. But it not.  I was amazed and disappointed. I can only assume that this show would not have been a better choice of entertainment to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So it is good that you cannot say no.  If you get a chance to see this movie, do not waste your time.  I am just as surprised that so many people voted for this movie and others like it.  But for me the point of this movie was not to be funny. The point was not even to be honest.   I gave this movie one point for at least one comedy which was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not at all. There are several scenes where a priest, a boy and a girl go to visit a nearby village. This is all I have to say about. I am hoping the makers will take a lesson from this movie. It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has so far been the worst of the worst movies ever made, but, in my humble opinion, this is easily the worst movie I have ever seen.  In the end I can only say that the only thing worth buying this movie for is to laugh and make a couple of jokes at it's expense.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this film, I felt cheated. I felt for those people who saw this at the same time I saw the film. But I still felt cheated by that old "cheesy" film, but was expecting it was one of those films that promised us a "big fat movie" where the "bigfat woman" dies. But it's not for big fat movie. I feel cheated when I see the film after the first fat woman dies, but I still feel cheated. But the film itself is an exercise in self indulgent sentiment and the acting is uninspired, but it is an unpleasant movie that has an awful lot of potential as to a decent ending. It doesn't really qualify as a documentary or an "experience", but it does suck badly.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is called "RACE" but it is very boring, and the movie is also called "BATTLE ROY". The movie starts with a bunch of kids who accidentally killed themselves.  The only other kid I have seen is "MADE IN CHINA", but "RACEMAN EXPLOIT" is soooo much worse than this, but "BAD BOYS 2" is SO MUCH WORSE!!!!!!!!  The "BARE KNEE BATTLE" is the most of this film, but it also has a bunch more BAD movies about a bunch kids who are so rude to each other, but who are they to decide if they are in a real race? You'd think that it's a race against animals and that the animals are "freaking out". This is a race to the bathroom.  A group of kids ride around on roller coaster that have "FAST GALACTIC GIRLS" going at them and then "BEDROOMS FOR TERROR" so fast, they're going straight through the walls. Then, after the "BATHROOM FOR TEXAS" opens, they jump off and get into a giant bathtub. The "FULL RACE TO THE DEVIL" starts a week later and you get to see the "FATHER, CHILD" meet each other on a roller coaster. It's not a race on any "special event" day like the "RISE OF THE DEVIOLATOR" starts with the rest of the kids on "EVERYTHING", but it's supposed to be a race "against" each other which is supposed to "disappear" them into "hell".  This is bad movie. If you're looking for something more to do with this film you should go and rent "THE DEVILS". You can also see the characters in their everyday life who are like these kids, but they're "freakily" stupid "furious". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when I read the first few reviews of this film I was pleasantly surprised that it didn't work for a few years because it's hard to see that there is no plot.  I also enjoyed the first review of this movie I ever read (which is why I only rented the original) because it came out before it came back in theaters.  What I really don't like about this film is that the movie is a lot of bad acting and it's way too long. If you want to rent it you will pay double the price for the original. I will give this movie a 1- for making a film about a movie called A Nightmare on Elm Street. But to see this film the original had better dialogue and better acting and less acting than this.  A Nightmare On Elm Street is about a serial killer, the police inspector and his assistant who investigate a serial murder on the streets of Chicago. Unfortunately I don't really get a lot out of this horror movie, but I did enjoy watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a lot easier to believe that one of these movies had the same name as the film. The plot was not so bad. But even when the story was good, it had nothing original. The movie was a little predictable, but nothing original (except, possibly, that it got much better), and this movie had nothing special or original.  The film had its moments.   The plot is weak, but the movie still needs to be watched. But the film itself was, I'm sorry, a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What's that you say? They can never produce better. You see, it was a disaster, but I had the privilege of watching it in this awful movie. It!!! The only thing I really cared about, was the fact that the whole movie was shot on location, then edited down to an acceptable size. That was not a good idea, but something to be said of the waste of time this movie had to go through, but what it came down to was a waste of the 2 hours I wasted on it.  All in all this is one of the worst movies I've ever wasted my time on in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was filmed by Adam Jones, who directed several films including the original "My Girl From Outer Space". The cast was mostly unknown. The plot is predictable and a lot of the plot has a few surprises. The only thing that is confusing is the way that the movie's story was filmed and the way the characters were edited. The movie didn't fare particularly well, but it sure isn't the worst of the movie.  This version is actually so different that it's almost impossible to distinguish between two movies and two stories.  The dialogue, characters, locations, costumes, sound effects and special effects are far superior to the original.  Jones directed this version at a low budget. It should have been a very poor film to begin with, because of his time in the theatre. His cast is mostly unknown because he did well and did not seem to have the right idea.  But if you're not familiar with "My Girls From OuterSpace", you don't have much time to appreciate this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "Cinema of Fear", the "Criminally Insane" (1 of 2 films) i love: "The only thing that kept me from watching this film was the fact that it had "special effects" for its time.  "I had read many reviews here and it kept me coming back for more. Its so predictable that it's not scary, its simply boring. The rest of the movie is flat out boring.  The film is also flat out not funny, but boring. Its one of the worst films i've ever seen. "Hollywood of Fear" is one of its worst films, but its not boring, i mean, when you put your two cents in and think about the worst movies i've EVER SEEN, thats exactly what you want to do. Its boring, so boring. I'm surprised i've never heard a single line of dialogue before i turned the television off to the "TV-Shop" option (i hope i haven't). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not at all, please take a look at this. A few of the actors (like David, from the movie) actually look like the real movie actors. This is really the kind of movie that you'd be proud of watching.  A big mistake I've noticed about this movie is how terrible movie makers don't even try to make a joke at least once a movie is over. The actors who play the parts that weren't there in the first movie, David, make an appearance, in the final scene. If you're looking for comedy at its worst, you'll find it in a much worse movie. They're supposed to be the writers of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was all downhill, all downhill.  There were a lot of things that made this so bad. It is so terrible to look at. It isn't.  So it is a lot like "this movie was a piece of work of garbage" "I didn't see it because it made me want to vomit."  So many parts of this movie could have been edited better. But I am glad that I saw this. I really did not understand anything that was in the film.   I really don't know that much. But "I don't think the characters were the real problem."  All in all this movie is a terrible waste of time, and a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a very boring movie with this plot... but the rest of the movie was boring.  The movie was about a group of teenagers and their respective friends and was completely boring. The main character(Rory), was a student in a community college in Pennsylvania. He goes to college and falls for his crush(Kaitlyn), who's about to graduate. The college is so much better than Penn in terms of character development.   My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But even so, this is the WORST movie I've EVER SEEN.  I can say that I've seen quite a lot of garbage movies. But it's NOT. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this film on my friend's television, but when I turned it off after watching it, I turned off my TV, and I turned on the computer. That was a bit unusual. I remember feeling a bit cheated in one scene when a robot is about to commit suicide. That scene is about a young man trying to hack into a car to gain access to a computer. It starts off with him being attacked by a robot that just randomly appears in the background. I also remember a very low budget sci-fi/action film. It begins when a mysterious man named Jason (William H Macy) and his girlfriend, the mother of his young daughter, decides to rob a warehouse with her boyfriend (Tim Roth) who's been held hostage and threatened by a hooded criminal named Tony (Rutin Fuchs). She decides to save their lives and save the rest of the hostages.  The plot starts off very odd, but it gets really confusing when the masked criminal decides to get away with their life. I don't think the story is as predictable as a child's story, but I do think the characters were less sympathetic than the other characters. The film really takes the cake, but the ending is about as close as I've come to being cheated.   The problem that i think of when watching this piece is what was wrong with it. The only problem I had was that its ending was a rather lame "B" movie. That's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I rented this movie back when I was six years old and had the same sort of dreams. We went and had a really bad time. She and I got into the whole idea of the big "monster" being able to fly around and shoot people in the face, but not actually being able. I watched this movie and I am not entirely certain of my feelings towards it. This movie is about a guy who is going to become a soldier who goes to an old school and has to "learn" some stuff, but he comes away from school in a state of deep shock and confusion. This film is about the worst part of our childhood.  I have not seen this movie again in 15 years. I did not even think twice about it, but it was definitely a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with three women getting together and one of them finds herself pregnant. The mother, in law, wants a divorce because the baby is a girl. She starts to believe that she's gonna give her baby girl a chance to be born. The girl herself has some hope in the future. The only reason I gave this film a 2 or 3 was the fact that this film was only for the male audience.   The girl has her own ideas and plans and she wants to make it happen. The plan to do this is very interesting to watch and I'd recommend it if you want to see a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What could a movie be like? I'm not sure I would go through the trouble of renting this, but it.  There's no explanation as to why this movie is so bad. This was made on an episode of "The Simpsons", but at least the story lines were coherent and made sense.  The actors were all very bad. The script was awful, but the voice acting was horrible, but not awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However the script is mostly consistent, the acting is bad, and the songs are the worst. The worst that I can say about the film is that it is bad and the soundtrack is bad. The first thing I thought was "Well it has a lot of promise".  What a waste of celluloid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie a few times, so I've seen it in a few different movies I've ever rented.  What I don't know is what I thought.  The actors were the worst of the worst actors ever in a movie that I've had the displeasure of sitting through a movie. I thought he was the worst actor ever. But the thing he made me sick of watching was his name. He's been the worst. He said this was a movie made in 2000. It's almost 2000, but that's it, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone who has ever been in a bad state of mind and has trouble sitting through boring movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this film is based on a poor woman named Ms. Banderas. She's being pursued by a police detective. She gets the phone number, calls and sets the detective on. She also meets her boyfriend in a café.  As a movie it is an extremely bad, pretentious film which is a waste of time and money. She is being stalked by a policeman who is convinced her boyfriend is involved in a serial killer. But he is an ordinary man who has never been exposed to so much stupidity. He is supposed to be in his mid to late 40's when he starts going into his 40's, but as usual they have just given him the choice of starting at his late 40s. Ms Bandera looks young and beautiful as a 40 years old man. This film is really pathetic as it is really bad. And she's so stupid as she has just started getting more stupid.  The movie is a huge waste of celluloid and one can even enjoy the movie if one is a fan of poor people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, it is not necessarily a "bad movie" and is not, in fact, "the worst movie ever".  For example, it does not have "a great plot".  In short, this film is, without a doubt, a complete waste of time and effort to waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What would you expect, but this is a "bad" movie - because it has such a bad script, but is boring and I can't understand why someone made this film - but the main problem I have with this film is that it is a bore.  And, although this is an extremely amateur movie - in fact, the script is a joke I am not laughing (because it's a joke, but because I am bored). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a bad day in history for a very short time.  This movie is the worst example of what a disaster is.  I am all in favor of this movie. It It, it, it.   You just don't get to like it. I have to give it credit. But you know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this picture a couple of years ago, and it was a bore to me, and that makes this movie so much worse, especially when the actors get together for no apparent purpose. But it's a bore, and not a bore for any of the bad ideas and ideas that you can guess from the first half of the film. But if you want to watch this movie without any expectations, but without any expectation, you get to see the worst of the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My biggest complaint with "The Grudge" is that it's a remake of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" - but it's got to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. So I say "The Thing" is about a "Bent") who's gone out and is now back in the place where she is, but still hasn't gotten where she was going before.  The movie goes on to include a number of things that you don't want to see if you want to be "The best". There is also a lot of stuff I didn't like, but was just disappointed with the movie.   The only one I haven't seen the first time was this movie and I didn  think you will be disappointed in what they did with "Bend" and "Stitch". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a brief scene where a homeless girl named Sarah is waiting on a bus with her friends. The scene is so grainy and blurred, it looks like a black and white film. At times the images have the appearance of an amateur low budget film from a long time ago. The movie is mostly shot in black and very muddy. The acting is flat, the story is flat. It's as if the director just took a couple of kids and put them in a car, took the kids and the car to some sort of desert. It turns out the kid is dead and a guy who is friends with a dead girl named Ashley has to go with Ashley to the beach where Ashley has gone.  The soundtrack is weakly sung and not sung in falsy-timed chorus and there are no sound effects. The film is not like a music video where the sound effects are the same as music, but is at times like a horror movie from the past like "Friday the 13th" (as in the film "Sleepless in Seattle"). Sarah is the first person who gets killed, but the guy who killed her is the last. They are both just the last person we see before we see another person that gets killed in the most atrocious fashion. The script is terrible, the movie is not. It is just plain horrible. If you want to avoid being killed by any random killer in the next ten minutes you will want to get yourself into this movie. But even if you want it to be the worst and avoid killing everyone at random it is just too much for most people to handle.  But what about the guy that wants Sarah? Why did he go after her? Sarah is very good and is so badly killed, I feel like my friend would have done better. But it's just not that much of a film to write about and there is nothing to see or hear. And then there is the whole problem with killing Sarah's friends and the killer is, well, a killer that doesn't seem to fit in anywhere. Even if the killer does, I can't think of any sane way he can be a normal killer.  In the future I hope the movie would stop toplow the plot and put a guy in a mask, and make him so that he doesn't kill anyone. Why? Why the hell? Why??? Why? The movie doesn't tell the story, but it just wants to end the movie quickly and then make people
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a film opens, people start seeing this movie as a comedy. I've seen the original and I just can't believe that this is a comedy, but it, however, I did and I don't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It wasn't until the following year that the actors finally decided they needed to quit, which led to this sequel, which I thought would be a sign of things to come in 2002. But it didn't until 2006. The other actors didn't have this problem, but it just seems to drag the whole film down with itself as the title song. However, even if they had the problem, they would have been a whole lot better than this. The plot is not good either. I am not trying to make a joke. There are a lot better things to see in this sequel than I have ever seen before.  This is the movie I could have written a better review about in my very first year of watching film, because it is absolutely the only movie I've ever seen that made me hate movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Halloween" is a very popular movie, but its not the first time it's been a bad film.  "Dead by Daylight" is also a film for the lowest price he's found in years of his life. "Bloodshed" is not a film that he should have watched. The movie is so terrible as to frighten one. But he should not have to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I had a theory that the worst movie of all time was this one from the early 1980's.  It It - but it has some really bad production values. But that just adds insult to injury. It. But I can't say much more about that.  The original version is not at all. The original is a movie I can only describe in two words: a b******! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film-making process of this film is at least partly responsible for the appearance of a "Worst movie ever" but this "Worse movie" is in a category of its own.  In the end a couple of women are shown without any sexual relations. If the film were made today the message could be put forward without any comment or discussion.  The "Warmest movie ever".  The plot is weak, the acting is weak.  Unfortunately, the story was the weakest part of this "worst movie ever", especially when compared to "the worst movie ever worst movie of this movie".  What was it exactly that made this "worse movie"? Was there a problem with the characters and story? Was there one? I honestly can't think of one.   "Worth my time". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As many critics have noticed, it's difficult to see how exactly the producers managed to achieve this sort of thing. That said, if this movie really is the "worst" horror movie ever, it would have to compete with this one, which only shows a sliver of the potential horror. The film contains many of the classic horror clichés, but unfortunately, the plot is a poor substitute for a lot of the clichés it's supposedly using to describe itself. The cinematography is poor to the point of the camera and the actors are bad. It just lacks some scares in order to keep this in the league of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production of "Criminally Insane", a British production of an American production of a German film.  The director, Robert Downey Jr., makes a series of films with an English title, "The Tenant", which is the title of an English play.  This is a rather ordinary film with a lot of twists. The actors are very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite TV series, "The Adventures of Ben and Polly," ended after the death of their beloved character, a young girl who goes into the afterlife in order to find a way back home. Her journey back to earth is accompanied by a demon named "Zelah," who in turn uses a flying demon named Satan. Satan, whose name is spelled differently in the series, takes the form of a flying blue bird that takes off into the sky in order for a moment. This is probably because the demon has changed its form to something that is actually visible, though it is unclear if the bird is really a different entity.  Unfortunately, even in this limited time span Satan, the demon, and the flying bird all work perfectly together in this episode, as did in the previous episode of the series. At the same time it just leaves the viewer questioning, yet at the same you will love it as much as I did in that episode. But I think it was a terrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a piece of crap I can't believe and I can do much better.  This one has some of the worst acting I've ever seen, and then it has some terrible plot.  The premise is so bad it's embarrassing. Some of the most annoying lines I've seen are just laughable and unbelievable and boring.   The acting is poor and the animation is so terrible. I am sorry to say I have spent 2 years watching this movie, I have watched this movie 3 times in one day. But it could have been a lot better than it was. I can give this movie a 3.  I can also tell you that the sound effects are horrible in this movie. I was extremely annoyed when the movie came out in 1988, but I was just looking forward to a bunch of boring animations and a big CGI budget. But that's it.  It could have used more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and the characters are dull and predictable (to a fault) as usual. The music are also boring. In an ideal world of dreams, we have the best of the original soundtrack, and the whole film is shot in an un-realistic manner that is both confusing and uninteresting.  The ending, in which we learn that dreams are real, but that is not the only time we are going to see real dreams. But, if you read the book (the book was not a bad film to write), it tells us that one day a girl and her boyfriend decide they want to have a child. But then, the movie gets tedious.  I just thought it was boring, and I wanted to see more of the whole book, because I really, really, wanted to believe what I was told.  If you believe this film - please do yourself a favor. It is painful to watch because you can feel all the pain that a dreamer experiences, but it is also a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Cocky"  "Dead Alive"  I'm surprised that the film starts with scenes where characters meet each other in the hotel. This is very predictable and they never meet again. But the film's execution scenes are totally ludicrous, but the ending's totally unbelievable (especially when you think about the last scene where the killer takes the woman's life and then his friends and family try to kill him) but they never did. You really can't believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is weak, but the production of the movie is the film's primary point of interest to me. It is the least interesting of the bad movies, but it's too bad that way and not in the way of trying to be funny at all.  The movie gets a 1, but I don't think you're going to get a sequel. I know you're not supposed to think about the movie that was a million years ago when the story line was weak.  Overall, this film was really pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of being a movie criticizing this movie is to say it was terrible. It's All True  There was nothing. The entire movie was boring and the acting wasn't particularly terrible or good.  The story is about an artist getting into his own world of delusion, delusion and paranoia. But the idea of this movie, even at its worst, is very weak. But this movie made me angry because of what the writer was trying to do. The movie was not that terrible.  No one was saying "WTF?"  This movie could have had a real ending where the artist went to a psych ward and said "If it hadn't been for me this would be a real catastrophe" but the ending wasn't supposed to be "real" to begin with. There's nothing to see here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie the characters are so uncoordinated, but then the film gets a little slow. It's all a waste of time and money.  This is just a waste about a waste, but the film itself is so uninteresting, that it's kind of a waste. You really need to stop.  The rest of the plot is so terrible. But the characters in this movie were awful - and this is where the film fails miserably.  It's not supposed to be a waste from a movie, but rather, if you see it, you should avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only two types of film in which I've seen the worst movie I've ever seen. The worst I've had to endure is an awful film about a man who is so mentally handicapped he thinks his hand was made of wood. However, it, but only on the basis that the film was not a movie about a person with severe disabilities and not one about a woman who is mentally handicaped. The only real point I've made in the film is that it has been shown in a bad theater. It's one of those films that has not been shown anywhere, but it's not very good. But it's an insult to be told that one can make a film about this. In fact, it's a horrible insult to anyone who watches this movie and tries to force it down their throats. And in fact, this movie should be banned because anyone who has seen it is mentally retarded and cannot believe they've been brainwashed by the mentally handicap people who have been trying to impose this "brainwashing" on the public. And while it's one insult, I must confess that it's the insult of all the insults.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor movie, but it's not a movie worth watching if you are expecting it to be a movie with interesting ideas.   The story is poor, but there are too many ideas to fit into a movie.  But that's the whole point.  For anyone who liked it the only problem was that it was bad. Not all.  The only flaw I would find is that this movie is really old and not good. If you didn't expect a movie to be entertaining at all, but you expected it to contain interesting ideas which made it worthwhile, watch this movie. At least you can say that without admitting that you didn`t get anything worthwhile from this movie, because it was a movie about the problems and possibilities of the human race. The film really just got into the worst kind of film. It could have been a little better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie expecting much of the usual plot. It is so completely unbelievable that I really don't know where it came from and I feel like I got an early warning. The cast is also beyond belief.  In conclusion, it is a "so bad movie" with no redeeming parts. It has a lot of scenes that are completely unbelievable and I am waiting for the day this movie gets released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film and really hated it. I also hate when people ask me what I thought it was either "bad" or "boring." But that would be a pretty boring thing, but this is very badly made. There's some parts that are really really bad, but they can't even save this.  The problem is with the storyline. All the main characters are so unlikable it makes me wanna throw up. And in that case, what the hell is the point? I mean this is a joke! This is like watching a really badly made sitcom. A lot of people will tell me it's one big joke...but then, after this, I'm going to want to punch in a toilet.  But when it comes to acting, it's supposed to be funny, but I just can't, but that's not all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have just watched the first episode of this show on the Science Channel. This was after my friend's cat died, but before I knew it was so bad. The acting was bad, the songs were bad. I know nothing. I had no clue.   The actors were bad at all times. I found that the actors looked like they were talking to the actors instead of a person, but it is no worse in the world. But if you want to waste more time then rent this movie. The whole idea behind this was that the entire show was so fake and fake as the acting was so terrible and unbelievable, but the characters were so wooden and cardboard, it looked like the actors were speaking to the person instead of the people, but what does that have to do with that? The acting is terrible, but I saw some of the dialogue at the beginning was so awful and idiotic. But what really happened with this show was that it was just made. But the problem I have with this was the worst. The show and the writers were idiotic, but if you think the writers would care about a movie and not an actual human being then that would be a joke. They both had nothing to do but whine about their lives, but instead of complaining about the lives and lives of the actors, they wanted to make the entire cast members in their own films. I was pleasantly surprised when I found out that the writing was terrible, which means writing like this show and I could relate to it.  The show would make an episode of another show that was so boring... but that is the only thing that I am going to do anything about, but that was not the case.  I think that the worst result of this was making the show a little less horrible and pointless. The writers should learn a lesson. But this was just insulting and pointless, so I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie contains scenes that go nowhere, but the dialogue itself has a poor and predictable flow that suggests an early prototype for the movie that I have never heard before (the one where everyone looks like this) and the whole movie consists of scenes that are nothing special or interesting. However, the characters are not particularly likable.  The only character I felt I could really connect to in this movie was the male lead who had no character at all. He was, however, rather annoying. But that was it. There is little to recommend this for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew this movie when I was 11 (in the UK). It is simply impossible for me to watch this movie on the shelf. My younger son, 9, told me he would like to have a "G" rated. He said this movie would be "better". "You will understand" and "you will see". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this doesn't leave you thinking you might have made a better movie than the movie. I am glad I didn't waste my time on this one. It's a "worst film" for the time period I am familiar with. But what about when you are bored to death, and the film industry continues to make the same mistake of film making that I am.  I can't stress that enough, but it's not what you'd expect from such a film, but, I can do without it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a man who is in search of his missing mother who has moved to a new house. He runs into the strange family of Richard Widmark who is now in search for his missing wife (Lizzie). Widmark and his wife (who was killed during a murder plot) are joined by the son of Widmark's deceased father. The son's wife and their daughter (who had the father's sperm transferred to them) have met the daughter's older brother, who had been involved in the murder plot and her father's murder. Widmark, now in his early thirties, has gone into his routine of robbing old people, getting drunk, fighting with the security guard and running into the old lady. Her father was so drunk he fell into the lady and started making love to her. His son is so stupid he starts falling into a coma and then is unconscious. Widmarks wife, who is about to marry the son, is about as stupid as her own father's daughter. The two siblings's parents are friends who run together after Widmark returns from his coma. The only scene in which the old man is involved in violence is during the wedding party where his sister's boyfriend (Walter) kills his mother with a knife. He has a son who, by his mother's marriage, becomes Widmark. The father and son are close friends who want to marry each other and then to get the money they owe each other. WidMark's wife, now pregnant, is also about as the stupidest as his brother's girlfriend. Widemark, now a man in his sixties, is a father of six children by three mothers. Lizzie is about at least eight children. It's too bad to be.  The film is only a mess because Widmark has to kill people and then take his money back. The other siblings are also dumb. They do not care if Widmark takes his money. Widking's sister is the worst of the bad children. Widrock, a writer who has written a series of novels (and the book) about this family, is just a dumb idiot.  Lizzi's mother was murdered by her boyfriend's boyfriend and the children are all idiots. She has four sons by three women. She is stupid.  My rating: 4.3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 15 minutes I thought it was a comedy show. It is not in the slightest comedy and the humor is not bad, but they can't go anywhere and make me care about anything. However the characters are completely flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is just awful in this movie. This is a bunch of b*w*rk, so it was just awful. You could tell it wasn't going to be the last one. And the girl who saw it just got all kinds of confused. She went on her way to find some guy who she knew who works in the store. She thought he was going to go and look at the pictures. It was just a bunch a bunch. But then again I'm not really sure what the whole hell is going on. You get it.  The cast was pretty bad.  Overall:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't understand how the actors in this movie could act like an intelligent and funny person. But it wasn't in the least funny. But if the actors had had any sense of humor, they wouldn't have been so bored by the characters they were introduced to in this film.  The actors in the movie were all OK. But the movie itself seemed like an episode of the M*A*S*H, and the writing seemed like a parody of a very boring TV series.  However, the script is not funny at all, but it isn't boring either. It is a disappointment.  This movie deserves a 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with "The Omen" is that they are not all that good, but that the movie itself is. The characters are not the characters of a movie. They are the actors. The movie is in "colour" and all actors are black except for one white guy. He has blond hair and dark eyes.  I am surprised that the blondes look "old", but I am not sure why they looked old as "old" as it could not have been.  But he has blond-haired and dark-eyed, but his skin is "all white" and his eyes are black. They do not have pupils and in his mouth is also all white (though I am unsure why that matters), but they have something in common, but it has nothing to do with the characters' ethnicity.  The characters of "The Oracles" are also all black except that one of them is a white guy who speaks with a "French accent". The characters speak English.  My Grade: A  The movie starts off in the middle east with a terrorist attack at a school in Kuwait. He is not an Arab. His friend (who has blonde hair) is a guy whose hair is "light brown" like the others. His father is a woman who looks like her. His family is an Arab who speaks Arabic. And his father looks like he has an Arab name, but he is not Arab.  However, there are times when the characters are Arab. But in the end the characters do not speak as an Arab as they have "Arab names" and they do not look like they have an Arab accent. The plot is not the main problem. It is the way the characters interact.   In the end, the characters don't even speak Arabic at all, but just English. And the plot is all white except for a black guy who is a terrorist. He just does not look "all that old".  All in all, I think "The Messenger" (the Muslim Arab terrorist) should have been the only Muslim. I cannot stress enough how awful it is when people say that the Arab characters were not written "Arab."  It's like watching a "Arab" movie. When a white person sees a "Muslim" movie and he is surprised at the way a "normal Arab" looks like a kid that looks like "the Messenger".    The main problem with this film is that it's a lot of bad acting and bad jokes
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the only thing that has been written for this movie. The story has been stretched into a series of books, and the characters have been fleshed out. But the actors, especially the male leads, have been given far more screen time than in any recent movie, and their characters' motivations and emotional states have been explored and developed. The characters are believable, and none of the movie's flaws are exploited.  The animation, photography, score, sound effects, story line, character design, CG and more, including character motivations, characters' emotions, and relationships, are all solid.  A great cast that will make your heart pound a little harder.   Overall, this movie was not a terribly good movie. It's a good film that is not without some degree of disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not even give this movie a rating. It's a bore to see that the author, who had produced several of the worst movies I had ever seen, wrote that his name had been spelled correctly.  One of the reasons why the movie was made, but the ending was predictable. However, if you want to watch this movie with no expectation of a plot - not knowing who did it - you will not be disappointed.  I give this film a 1, but if I were to rate it a 0, i'd give it a -1, but this is not worth a movie: you won't find this movie to be dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film really hurts because it doesn't have a script. But if it's bad in that regard. I was wondering why this movie is such a disaster - I just saw the movie and thought that the entire film was a pile of filth. I thought that it was this poor movie that is so unfunny that you can laugh about it. It's so unfun to watch that you will feel like you're in a kindergarten class. The actors in this film are all the worst kind - the guy is a teenager who thinks he can go to sleep because he wants to sleep forever.  I just thought this was some sort of waste of time. And even though you think this is some sort and you want to see it, don't watch it unless you are one of the types of people who are normally like this guy - if you want you will love it - but don't expect much of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a guy named Burt Reynolds and his life is completely destroyed by a tornado.  When it is obvious that the whole idea of the movie is the "perfect tornado" and the whole premise of the film is to get a couple of guys to build a fence around a field and start shooting them. The director and actors of the picture are obviously not exactly the same, but I do think they are all pretty average and there is something to be said for the "good acting". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an example of how people in power abuse their powers for personal gain and gain.  This is also a disappointment, but so are the films and this was only a disappointment until the end.  If you don't want to see it then don't see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I were very disappointed by this piece of work. I thought this is a very poor movie, but the movie itself is terrible. I mean really, what the hell is the purpose of this piece? How could I say that to my face? It? Why? because it had to be very, very boring and in every way possible it was, but then I couldn't finish.    The only thing I hated was the ending. It was a waste of time and I think the producers should have stopped making such films.  What is up with the "filler"? The "fillers" aren't that great. Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had ever known that this was the type of movie I expected to see again in the future, I would have called it "a comedy-comedy. The main character (who I think was meant to be the worst) is a comedian who is hired to be on the show.  If you're going to waste your time on this movie, don't.  I'm sorry to see such a big mess in the movie. In fact, I'm surprised that they even did it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors all had very little to offer: this is a terrible movie with a lot of death (like in Dead Men Walking). It will haunt you for the rest of your life (especially if you're a fan of the actors - and you will be).  The film has some good moments in the film.  The plot is weak, but the story is really bad (because the actors are bad script and the actors look really old, and there is no one else to look at.   I am surprised that some of the characters are actually played by actors who look like they're trying to act as old guys. They look like nothing to like - but the character's names are terrible and nobody's got a chance to act (unless they're young). The plot was poor, but I think that they should have just done it to themselves, but they're both young and the director obviously knew that this movie could be taken in many different ways and it failed to do so.  A movie with this name is pretty much an insult to itself.  I think there was nothing for me to like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of reviewers here on IMDb are complaining that this film is the worst film I have ever seen, but when I saw this film, I immediately thought that the acting was poor and that I had just wasted 2 hours and 45 minutes watching it. A lot have commented that this has very little to recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. Well, I thought "the script was the worst part of the film."  I think I was going to like this film, but it was OK, and if you liked this, try it.  The script was boring, but the story was OK.  Avoid the film if you want to watch a movie about a bunch of stupid, angry guys who have had it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out of nowhere, but they go into a world where they can actually do nothing about it. However, in the world of the film they have no need of a camera (even though they are not used in the story), but it is not made to look like a documentary.   When they enter the village of Lantau, a snowstorm begins and an earthquake begins. The first thing they notice is the snow falling on the ground, but the snow falls fast. This may not be the first time that the villagers in their village are frightened. A snowstorm starts and an old woman walks out to find a man hiding in a tree. She tells him to hide there but the man tells her he will have to come back, but only in that way. It is really terrible to watch.  The first person to die is the father of the main character. The villagers all know this man who has a history of killing others and then burying them in a hole. The husband has a terrible accident in which he falls into the ground and the body of the woman who has been killed comes flying out. The other two are the sister and a brother. The sister is pregnant by the brother's son, and in the end they decide that the brother is going to be her husband. It all reminds me of the ending when the old woman falls down and dies and is buried in a shallow grave.  They should be ashamed of themselves, but when the husband tells the sister of her choice he has her tied up and then takes the baby and puts the baby in a sack. She gets pregnant and then gives birth to the brother.  It's really just a bad film where people are doing everything they can to survive, but at times it's not the worst. When people die, they get the same horrible fate as people in the village. Unfortunately, in my opinion, you have to wait until someone dies and then you have some sort of closure. But when people are trapped in a cave and when people get trapped in an elevator, they all have the same fate in terms of death.  I mean, if you can survive this then you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is one of the worst and most idiotic, stereotypical, awful, horrible and most uninteresting films I have ever seen.  "B" is one the biggest names that most people recognize. The casting is also awful: the casting of the main character in his late teens or early twenties, the main supporting actor, the director (as well as the screenwriter and the editor), the production designer, the scriptwriter, the camera-work, the soundtrack.   This movie isn't bad. It just is so incredibly uninteresting that it is an embarrassment of itself. However, there is a bit of a dull plot (the kind of boring and uninteresting and not so boring) and a couple of boring characters (the two worst actors in this movie) and the whole thing is so dull, so slow, and so uninteresting you don't even want to waste your time looking at a bunch of people having sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But before watching it was on a big screen, but the sound track did not play very well.  But the film is not even remotely funny or fun. There are several scenes where the actors try to act the part they think a teenager should have, but they fail. A very annoying scene is when the three boys decide to rob a warehouse full of "pigs", but the boy's "pig" escapes.  Overall, a very small percentage of viewers don't care about a movie. However, I am amazed that they are the only people who can relate to the plot, but have difficulty understanding what is actually going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an Italian in a low budget film: I thought this was a real piece of Italian cinema and this was an attempt to show that it was.  It, a B movie by Stefania Tiso (Coco). The plot is poor, but the script and the dialogue are terrible. The music is mediocre, and the performances are good. The plot's just as bad movie, but this movie suffers from being, well, a crappy Italian film. And the characters are as stereotypical, if Italian at all.  And it really is bad...  I think they might just be Italian.  I'd just like to see the movie again, but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell did I just do when I saw this film for the first time? I think I may have to thank the film for bringing me back into the fold when I finally get to go back and review this piece of garbage. I can remember being completely stunned and utterly disappointed at the idea that a film would be so "horror". The film is as bad as you would expect from a B-movie or something. It's simply bad. I gave it a 1 because it was so bad and because I did not feel it was worth watching.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has been made a lot better than the movie: It's not enough.  If you're looking for some great movie, this is a movie worth watching.  The story is weak and the jokes are OK, but if you are looking for a comedy of the movie itself, don't bother, there are several jokes for you.  I am a fan of Banderas and I am surprised he made such a good comedy with his usual talent as a comedian. But the story itself is not great, but the idea and the execution sequences are very low budget. Bandera did the right thing, but he didn't do it right.  It was a slow burn and Bander as a comic, was an OK joke, but not as a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is weak and the dialogue is very poor, but the movie has a few of its own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My rating: I rated this movie as one of the worst movies i've ever seen - the movie I saw last night before i was 8yrs old and I felt i couldn't sleep then, but not sleep long.  In conclusion, this movie made the movie about how the only people that are capable of writing in English are from a language other than English, but even the person who wrote it in a language besides English would have been a novice or a novice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be the first in a series of films based on the lives of young Americans. However, these films were based on real Americans from all walks of life, including teenagers.  It it  The only good movie from the past 25 years is the best of the worst films about teenagers and preteens. It was a bad film that had the potential to ruin our entire lives.   I give this film a 1 out of **** for the worst movie I have ever seen, but the real kicker was the very bad movie made about teenagers. They had to spend a fortune in the next few years to get a couple hundred bucks back from their parents. The worst mistake in this film is the worst one. The director should be reprimanded for allowing this to be made. It will be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was interesting. But it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really boring, but the rest of the movie was pretty boring.  In The Godfather the protagonist dies with no family and in Godfather III, a drunk priest (a very bad actor) dies after a sexual attack and the girl starts crying out that she had to pray every day and she got pregnant. The priest says "Hey, I pray every night and my head explodes".  The plot, acting and script were all good, and the idea of a love child was so corny that it made me cringe.  It took about 3 hours to reach this point. The only bad movie I have ever seen in a long time was "Troll 1".  It's not that bad, but it's not very entertaining. And if you're looking for a plot that would have you give this a miss, but "Godfather III" was pretty good. But I just don't think it is.   But there are still parts that don't make sense. This movie was a waste of it.  The acting is really poor when compared to "The Godfather". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story goes so far as to say that God is omnipresent. A man, who has an affair with a young woman, finds himself with his lover, in a kind of bizarre situation. God, for example, will see an actual spirit (a human soul), trapped inside the body of a virgin. The spirit is being tortured for information and the information of the torturer is being released into the physical world. The torturer in question is a man who has been sent from the future to his present. His body is in the possession of a ghost (and the spirit, in the body's physical form). He cannot communicate with his present body (because it has been opened and shut at several points). This is the kind of thing that just cannot be expected. A movie with bad script and bad actors (I thought I had seen this kind of movie - which is the case with all of the movies - but that's it, because that's all there is - all the rest is crap.  If you need help deciding whether or not to waste your time with this crap, you can waste your money and rent "The Omen". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's wrong with this movie? I've seen it twice. It was the first of many times I've ever seen a movie I'm disappointed by the movie's length (and its lack of production). And it's not as long as it's a disappointment. It's a shame to see this movie only on TV or in the cinema.  It's too bad.   I didn't expect a movie which contains the story of the main characters. And if you want to be disappointed, you won't be. And at the end, it's time for a surprise ending which is the worst movie I've watched in a long time.  This movie is at its worst and a movie so long I felt like giving up.  I gave this movie a 1 because I thought the movie was predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You might hate this movie for being so very boring or for being very dull.  I do. I don't.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When we watch movies as we were younger, we were very impressionable, but not very intelligent, so it is a pity to see it again. But watching it is too much a bore.  The movie was not the worst thing. This is just a bore and I don't understand what happened. I've never watched the movie and found anything that didn't belong. It is just the most boring, idiotic, badly made scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a real disappointment. But the film had not been made in the eighties, but this seems to be a low budget version of a "poor people's film", as it was made for a bunch of underprivile college students.  For an actor who's supposed to be working on a low-budget film in this day and age, this film might have been worth seeing and renting.  It just seems to go on making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really impressed. I really like this film. But I don't like the worst of the film. I am not going to waste our time on it. It it is very unfortunate in the way it can ruin an actor's career. I mean he is not even a good actor. But he is wasted and he is forced to make up for every day wasted there is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a mistake. But then a bunch of unknown actors and some unknown producers began their production of this. But the acting was terrible, it is awful awful and I won't go into that. I don't give this film a high rating, but it is bad at the same time. It's not "horrible" at all and I am a fan of this movie, but I am not going to say it has the same rating as "The film I had to rent" to get a copy of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this film the other night. I had to wonder what was going on and why the main character was acting as a kid again when he said he was eight. But it was just so disappointing because it was so long. It so hard to sit through, but the main characters all do this. It's not funny either.  I only liked the film because it had bad script. It had to be so boring and predictable because there were so many parts in the film. I couldn't really understand what was happening. The characters were all so wooden, which made them seem unlikable. The sets were so predictable. This is the film you should avoid if you want to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked that movie this was the movie to rent and have your head examined. If you loved that movie you were in for a real treat. But when you saw the movie back when it was first released, you could not believe your eyes. They must have been on to something. It was as though they had all the answers and all the information in the world they knew of was what the filmmakers had, but had somehow convinced themselves it was because they were intelligent. You could not trust any person who made a film which looked like it was made in the 1950's when there were still movies theaters in the same building. This film is so terrible and it will scare anyone out of watching it. Don't waste your time with this movie and buy it instead. Avoid this film at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The first movie, "Boomerang" ("Boomersang" is the first movie that has two main roles for the entire movie), this movie should have been a contender for the worst movie of the year 2005.  The movie is not a joke. It is a joke to the point of absurdity and incompetence, and it is one big joke with a lot of potential for humor. The acting is bad and the story is bad as it is. Unfortunately, a lot more potential for jokes is possible in a much shorter movie than in the whole film. A joke could have been on how they could have possibly invented "the first movie". The plot is terrible, but the jokes are not funny.  This movie was bad. The plot was completely predictable. There's also a lot in the way it could have used to be funny. I just cannot believe that this movie would have been funny if it had some flaws, but unfortunately, I think it would have. If you like jokes that are too bad, you could have given this movie a rating of 4.   "BOOGIE NIGHTS" ("The first Movie of 2005", though it was filmed before). It was not as good as it was a joke and joke. There were jokes in "Booge" that I was bored or bored. "BOMB OF SPOILERS"  In the end the jokes became just bad. This movie has the potential to be a joke for all of us. Unfortunately it is not so badly as it had the potential for any of us to laugh, but it had potential for anyone to take this movie too seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like to waste your time watching this film, don't. You will be disappointed.  The writing is a little poor. But the jokes are even worse. It.   It's one of those films that you just cant take seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is completely incomprehensible to me. However, there is one character which i really like, but that character is the only one that i have seen in a movie since this movie, although she is completely uninteresting in any way.  The script is uninteresting because it has no story line and the movie only has one or two interesting characters.  I really do think this movie is very uninteresting. i was hoping it would be good. if you can see this movie instead of the movie "Hollywood" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a classic example of what happens when a movie makes some serious mistakes. And it shows how the mistakes aren't even the result of the mistakes in the movie, but of the actors' mistakes.  In the end it is pretty clear that the director, the actors, and the story writer are in cahoots and that these people are just puppets. The puppets just show us how the actors are supposed to act. The storyline writers are hired, so this movie could have been written by anyone. In fact I've read the book.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was titled "Shawn", but that didn't work for long. Unfortunately, that title doesn't translate to a decent plot: the story isn't told and the ending is left ambiguous, and there are no jokes to be had. However, I still think this was a waste of time, but I know it was very much a waste if you are into it. Unfortunately the jokes were very predictable in this one, but it did not work for me, but the movie had nothing to recommend it. I can't see any humor and it is much of a waste, but so was the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is that the father of the girl looks exactly like a mummy, but that he has lost his mind. This film has one of the worst effects of a low budget film. It is a nightmare of a nightmare, but there are no nightmares for anybody else, but the film is absolutely uninspired by the kind of film that this movie was made in.   I am surprised that a film like this had only made a few people jump. The ending is confusing in the film since it seems to be the same as a really long-ass movie. The direction is terrible and the acting is terrible in this film. There is no real horror-movie about ghosts, but I am sure there are people who had some imagination and found that there was no point to watching this. The movie starts off very slow and slowly the plot progresses to the point where I am left wondering what it was about. There are many people in this movie who are just trying to escape, but none of them seem like they had a clue.  I guess that it isn't really scary or they were too much, but then I have to say that there are many times in this terrible film when the characters look like they are experiencing a kind of mental breakdown and people were screaming like they were in a coma. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when you are watching this, do you think it's supposed to be a movie. A movie about a gay couple (and they make it look like it was made in an effort to make a straight movie - but then, what movie? I thought I might get to see "Cockney" with this guy and his partner and we get to know them, they have all the right names and they behave like real people. A couple of years ago, I had the most enjoyable time watching this. But it wasn't that good or that I would enjoy this. It was just so annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went and rented this film. I was a huge fan of "The Incredible Mr. Pecker" from the late-1990's, but even that film would not have had the impact of "St. Elmo's Fire" on this. This film, with all its various shortcomings, is simply one more disappointment in a film that was never put on DVD. This is just one of the many reasons why I am sad at the notion of "Mr. Pepper" and his role as the father. But there's one glaring flaw that could have been corrected in my opinion: the script was far less predictable than the movie itself and it is obvious that this has been written by someone with little knowledge of Shakespeare or a good grasp on a text. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can tell this was a total joke. It was. But the joke was weak, and not at all.  I was going to write another comment: This movie is the epitome of a bad film, but I am disappointed by the lack of any meaningful point, and the fact that it isn't the worst film of its genre.  It's just that. If you want to see something a little different, this was it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can take this comment out about a real-world TV movie: this movie is a rip off of "The Lost" which is at least a quarter of a million and a half of a billion of dollars a year. the movie begins with a big black helicopter and lots of bad guys jumping off a bridge (which is not even that big of a leap). a big problem with "The Legend of Zu". it's not just bad to the point of being awful. it's the only movie I have seen where you could describe this disaster on an airplane as "The World Trade Center Towers". it starts out by making absolutely sure we never saw any evidence of a WTC tower or of one of the WTC towers collapsing into the WTC building. it makes absolutely no sense and all of its scenes look flat and flat as a pancake, and all the characters are actors. the actors are terrible actors. it is the worst I have ever seen since watching "The Last Mimzy". if you don't believe me, you will believe the person who said they were "scared" they will say this movie was an insult to Americans. the plot is terrible.   The movie was shot in about 8 days and all footage and script were shot in black and white. the film is boring. they only need to add a black helicopter in the end. it had everything else.  this was a typical "fake movie". the story is boring, but if it was filmed properly, i can forgive it, but you have to believe me.  I was surprised at the "Scarecrow" which I was going to watch this film for the entire duration. the only thing I could find that annoyed me was that they only made one sequel to a film: they just didn't have any ideas. in fact, i hated it because it didn't make any sense at all, but just couldn't believe that a real person actually jumped off a roof and fell to his death. but it was a big disappointment if you think you could even find this in the theater. not to mention the fact that this disaster could have been filmed in 8 days with the same quality footage as "Airplane". it. it was better than anyone. i watched this film because of the acting. its only fault was that the original "Screwwcrow" was boring as they could. this film is also the biggest disappointment of this film. and I give "Screw" this "F" for the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are several ways in which the film and television show "Stargate" could be an excellent idea.  Stargate is a classic "Gargoyles", but with "Gears of The Abyss" and "Castlevania" and so forth. The animation in this series is terrible and the characters are very annoying.  "The Secret of Zendora" (2001) is also an excellent series with a very poorly developed plot.  I don't know anything about "Castaway" (2003) and so I'll reserve my review for those who have any knowledge of the original series, but my vote would be a 0 because this series didn't need to be better than average for this sequel, even if it is in a very bad "Godsend" kind of way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I know this) i'm surprised, but when the director of 'My Name is Mayo, i thought that this was an excellent movie because the plot is so shallow. But it, but you're gonna get the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was searching for this movie, I thought I would have to see it. But after watching this, I'm not sure I liked it. It It It  I am still not sure what the deal is with the first 10 minutes. It's a waste of time, but the whole movie is just one giant pile of rubbish, which includes a lot of jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people are so kind. I am not. I think that's a bad thing. And I don't think that this is a film. I have seen several documentaries and have come away feeling very short. I had no idea that it was a documentary. I just thought that it's a real documentary made by a group of dedicated researchers. I mean no more. I know what I am going to see.  If you want to watch this film then make yourself some popcorn and have the best of both worlds. If you don't, you will be left disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the story fails to hold the attention of the viewer. The story itself becomes the problem: Why bother? And how can you tell when something is not true.  I do not disagree with the narrative structure. I do give my rating out of 10 for the film.    The worst part of the film is the scene where the main character, a man named James, decides to commit incest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is uninteresting, but that's not all, but it's not. The story is boring. The acting is amateurish. I gave this movie a 1 because it has terrible clichés, but the only reason I gave it a 1 was that the writing was the worst. It had the worst movie I've ever seen. It's a really bad movie, but I don't think it's really that bad. I can't say the story is really the worst thing in the world and the acting is bad because I'm a sucker.  This movie was like, "Why isn't this movie boring? Let's not even go into boring details and talk about "Losing it all," but there were so many things that made it boring. They all weren't in one movie. There were a lot of times that you had to wait for something to happen.  I didn't think this movie was the only movie "losing it." What the hell was?  The only thing this movie had going for it is that it failed to capture my interest and had nothing to recommend it over the original film. The movie I rented had no interest to me. I thought this was really bad and it's the ONLY reason I wasted my time watching this piece.   It's just another film I think "Lose it all" will ever be "lost" because it was just "boring." But there were no real surprises. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is inarguable that, if there ever were a sequel to "The Naked Gun" they would have to remake "Tango & Cash" into a 2-hour comedy of its own. The script could be described as a collection of jokes that had been improvised in order to avoid getting laughed out of town.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many great ideas in the film which are all too easy to forget. I'm hoping that with all this talent they can find a film of their own.  What I didn't like was the fact that all this was filmed in a very short time frame, because I have been told so many times in my life the same event could have been produced in an hour or two. So, what exactly was the point in that? What a terrible mistake this could have become in the hands of the most creative film makers of our generation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As for the story, i saw it only when i was 3 years old. the movie that was advertised for by the producer was "A Movie About a Killer". It's a horror movie with a lot of blood, gore, and a lot more gore. the plot was OK, but only so is it really, truly awful in trouble. and so was the acting... it wasn't scary or anything.  i only rated it two (out of four) in the worst film i've ever seen. the acting was the worst thing i've seen in a horror film i had ever seen in my life... it was horrible. it made me shed more than a few tears. not even one. its very much an atrocity.  the whole movie is about a killer that kills victims without even killing them. and the movie starts a day or two after that.   and this is so terrible. and this movie isn't that bad. and its a waste of the worst movie i've EVER seen.  if you think that this movie is a waste. it isn't, but it is the WORST excuse to go rent this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible in the worst case scenario; the film is also quite possibly the worst film I've ever seen in my life.  This isn't really a typical film by the standards of film (which I know of) because of this bad film, and they aren't all that good. This film is way better than any one of the crap they've ever made.  The only way this film fails to be "good" is in its attempt to show it, however, this has only been shown once in the cinema; however, it only lasted so long because of its awful acting.  I'm not sure if it was a failure.   I've seen this movie at least once and have felt sorry for it since I was 8 years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have no idea what is going on, but it didn't help. He just shot and killed the cop that was trying to stop him. The story was terrible and the plot was horrible. This movie should be banned. It's not a masterpiece. The ending wasn't even all that original. The dialogs were all the worst. I hope the filmmakers and actors learn something from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film doesn't seem like it's going to be like this. The characters just don't seem to make sense, but I guess that's because they don't have to.  This is a pretty boring movie, but it's kind of dull! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a fan of the movie and found it to be a piece of art. Unfortunately, the filmmaker (Barry Lyndon) wasn't able to capture the essence of his artistry because the viewer was also an artist and had to paint in their original style.  The film itself, with it's many beautiful locations and an extremely poorly filmed version of this movie, was, of course, the highlight of the film.  I strongly urge you not to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this movie and we didn't like it. There were better, if I'm ever in the mood to see such a movie, I'll make a copy of it, watch it again and see if I can find anything in it that is funny.  I also thought that they made more of the jokes in this film. It is not even remotely funny and I will continue to say that this film had the worst of what the movie medium is capable of providing in one movie.  But that's it. I have nothing to add.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I haven't seen it before. If you haven't, don't. I'm telling you what the hell: If you've seen it, you're gonna be in for a surprise.   If you are looking for a film that is truly so bad, that it borders on "God's own film." I've seen a lot of this garbage. The "god's own" film is just an insult to me. The title alone doesn't inspire the same degree of outrage as "God Told Me Too!"  It's like an insult from the "god" himself. It's an insult that is meant to force the viewer to be open-minded, and try and get to know more of the "gods' own film" for yourself.  God Told me... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen dozens of movies I can recall from watching, but this has the worst effects of a 2.3.15 movie (the one with no scenes, but it a bit boring and makes some characters seem more like they were in the first one). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not up to the standard of the film. This movie contains the worst of the mistakes of film school. The dialogue is also very bad, the acting is generally terrible.  The sound effects are dreadful, and the soundtrack is very bad and uninteresting and unoriginal. It is a movie for film school students who are bored with what the director is offering.  Some parts of this movie are so bad, they are not even funny. The movie is so amateur that they actually have a bad idea of making a film in the first 5 minutes. The story line is very amateur and pretentious, but no real plot. The casting is completely uninspired by a couple of bad actors that are either in the original films, or are in the sequel. They are also extremely boring to the point of becoming cartoon characters. They only look so amateur to be completely uninteresting. The worst part of this film is the terrible dialogue, but it is so badly made, it will not be a masterpiece by any means, and in this case the director was apparently trying very hard to be original, but this is the most worst case of a film that has been made in this millennium, but that is an accident.  I don't know if this film would ever be shown anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a very low price and was disappointed. But what am I going to say it's a total waste of time. Don't get me wrong!  The problem is the bad script with very poor dialogue and the worst acting of the decade. I was thinking it was trying too hard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in 1990 and 1992, but they are the films most people remembered, but no one remembered.  The film was very predictable, but not to the point it was a disaster.  All in all, a film that never comes close to being an insult to the intelligence of the viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of "Waking Ned Devine" and his dog (Devine's "Mama's Dog") is very different than the story of a man and his cat (Hickerson's "Cat People"). I can only assume this story is one of several possible variations on the theme of family and relationship. The cat and dog relationship is very important in this story.  The movie is directed by Richard Corbett and filmed by David Miller. Unfortunately, as I watched this movie, I felt like I was watching an episode of "Little Britain". The animation was mediocre at best.  Richard Corbet is one bad actor who's script (with the exception of the scene in which he gets drunk), but his characters are badly drawn and uninteresting, but the movie itself is like "Little England" on a Sunday morning. He was also very un-PC as "Dog Man" (Devines' real name) who can only respond to his wife when he is about to have a stroke. Devine is an incredibly dull cat and the dog is completely dull, but it wasn't my first experience of an uninteresting film. My wife and I, however, felt like we were watching "The Simpsons". My wife was under the impression that "Dog People" was an enjoyable film and the characters are annoying and not worth spending two hours of our life watching. But she has to admit she was completely unimpressed by the "Cat Men" and a few of the other characters who were completely unknown to me. "Dogs" is a movie I had never seen before and it was boring.  I have a feeling I won't be watching this movie again for a long time. I mean they sure could have.  Corbett's script was so terrible and irritating and his character was so uninteresting. He didn't have to give up on making movies "Dog Bite Dog", he could have directed "Cat Dog". Unfortunately for him, he already had an un-interesting film, but he couldn't have made a film with that. So when I watched "Dog Men" I didn't realize how dull "Dies", "Dog World" is at its weakest point because I knew I'm a fan of the BBC's "DOG PEOPLE". I mean that was the whole point of the film. I think the "Dog people" should just be embarrassed that we are watching "Dog Planet" at 2.00am. I thought "Dogmen" were boring
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, storyline, characters, etc. are all very weakly developed and they all seem to be very flat and clichéd. I've heard horror fans talk of "the sound of silence" is so terrible and only the actors can be said to have made the film look like anything, but even the dialog, acting, and direction are bad.  The film is not a comedy film but a horror film without a plot. It doesn't have anything to work with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never one to like this movie. I saw it last year on Turner Classics. This is the worst of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really the kind of "filler" movie I can say is the only one that has ever been so poor and so I give it 4/10, but the movie in the same vein goes the length of the film.  I just don't get it and I really think it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen.   This has the kind you'll expect in an indie film. It's really nothing short of a piece of b-grade bad acting, bad editing, and the occasional joke. In my humble opinion, the film is the worst film I've seen in a long time, if you know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is told and told in flashbacks, the actors are completely different... and they're all very different in their characters and are completely unimportant (but they're not as bad, but they're just not the characters of any characters in the movie... but they are characters... that's all they need). There are some truly awful moments in the film: there are many horrible scenes where we are in pain, and there is not enough of this pain to satisfy you.  If you have any knowledge of Italian history, you will most likely see this film for the first time in your life. But if you're expecting something along the lines of "the director should have put a stop to this movie," you're going to be disappointed.  There are many scenes in this movie that are either flat out stupid, stupid and uninteresting, but the rest aren't. If you are a fan of the director, you are going to get nothing special, but what the hell, there was nothing worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, the pacing and the acting were weak points in a story like this story. The movie was poorly acted, and the story was dull in the way that an arty story is dull or boring. It. But then why wasn't the story dull in that movie? And why didn't we like the movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No plot! No story! No characters! No plot!.  I was one of the very few who knew exactly what this movie was going to be about! And while this movie is obviously a disappointment, I don't know why I should be. However, this movie could have been a disappointment if it was at all.  I give this movie a 1 for acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is actually a disaster waiting to happen. But there's no point at which it gets worse and its only purpose is to showcase the absolute worst movie I've ever seen. The actors and the locations are so random and so uninspiring as to make this movie look like a documentary. And at times its just a bunch of random shots of nothing happening. I've never been to China. I never heard of the old and decrepit old people making movies at this old rate, but this film proves that it's not a documentary, but rather a disaster in film and in China. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to say something negative about this movie: It's OK. It's still OK, it's still a bad film. But there are no special effects, it gets boring, and it's not a good film in its own right. It just doesn't work in the same way as any other film I've ever seen. That's it, folks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so terrible. It's the worst I've ever seen. I mean what's going on in the movie? Nothing. That's all the movie I've EVER SEEN. I know I haven't seen it, but it is the worst. And that's the movie for when I said I was going to quit drinking for life. I have never seen a film that looked like this one.  It's really bad, but I can't think of a single decent film you could show to a friend and that would be the only movie you can show to the friends you have.  The rest of the movie is so poor, uninteresting, and the story drags on for a long time. The movie doesn't go anywhere except bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is the main attraction for this series, but it's all because the story line isn't good. The characters aren't that interesting. I hope that series will end soon, because that's when the story goes down the proverbial tubes. The rest of the characters aren, to put it mildly, flat and boring. But all the characters in this series are flat as can be.   If the series lasted a long time, then we're in for a real surprise.  If it ends early, then the last one is a bit of an disappointment. And the characters are flat and uninteresting as we might expect.  The whole series has little in the way of character development.  I'd like to be able to see a series that is about characters that we would expect and the characters we don't.  It's disappointing that the ending has become so predictable. This series is uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can see the DVD box (for this movie) you will not be laughing. I had to put my faith in something.  The plot - which I have since lost - is the kind of thing you expect from a film that is supposedly intended to be a very depressing and sad and depressing film, but there are a couple of really terrible things you have to look forward to - but those are very boring and the cast is very, very poor and in need of improvement (as there are few people who are not!). But the movie was not at all. A good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what really bothered you, because you were afraid you would be raped. I watched this film with a group of friends, and we had a few laughs. But the film also showed us a glimpse of a society in which rape happens and the only people who were in that society were the victims of rape themselves. The film had a very small message for the viewer, but the message seemed to go nowhere.  Unfortunately the message was drowned in the rape scene. Unfortunately, the message wasn't even delivered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many movies this year, and that's about a very interesting idea, but it is not because they are interesting and in any way relevant to the characters, but they are also not interesting. I recommend checking it out for yourself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film about three years ago and was just waiting for it is an insult to my intelligence. The way the film was shot in this picture was just horrendous and the film makers took so much time shooting this garbage - but that time was in no way less valuable as they went for a walk in the park on a day they decided to build the next big thing. The actors didn't work at all. The direction wasn't amateurish - but it's the fact that the film made for a low budget was a waste of time. It's the film they made to show that they had enough money to build a big thing and have a nice job. There's a lot of bad editing in this film. It takes itself so seriously that it's actually a disappointment to behold as they make the film without making any effort at all, but the dialogue is awful.  This film is probably the worst film ever made, but it is so very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand that a lot of people are going to like this movie because it is so slow or because it has been made more entertaining than the rest of the movies in the past 2 years.  The acting is horrible and cliché, but the script is weak and the ending is very bad.  This is the kind of movie I'd like to have a copy of.  What happened next? Who wrote the book? Who made the film? Who paid for it? Was the writing terrible guy the main character? Was he supposed to be so weak and stupid? The whole thing is like an exercise in self indulgent self indulgence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However I agree with the critic. But in the end, the film is a failure, but the filmmaker is a failed actor of the film. But the "film" is not a film, but an artistic production in the context of a film festival. But at times the film does function as an artistic work in the same way that a film does. But it's far from perfect, but even "worst" films have far better use of their material than most films I've seen in my life.  The "film festival" aspect of the event is the most important event in this film. The fact that the film festival itself is an institution with limited resources and is the only real achievement of the "festival". There's so much I've never seen it. The script is not brilliant, but it is certainly awful and I have had the displeasure of witnessing it to be terrible.  A failure of the festival event would be the best "film of its type ever" and perhaps one of the worst "films" I've ever seen in cinema. The "filmmuseum" aspect is a disappointment to the viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film made in the early years of the 20th century, with all the actors and set being cast from actual historical films that were made during the time the movie was made. As a result of this, I couldn't wait for it to get made. The actors looked like they were actually actors. The sets were also different as if they were used from the era the movie is set in. The acting was inconsistent, but I found it to be so uninteresting that I ended up watching some of the first one hour of the movie at a friend's place while trying to get the movie out on DVD.  I think this movie was so bad and so bad that you need to be a real moron to understand the movie.  The only good part I can think of is the fact that it was poorly produced. The plot and story are the only real highlight. In fact, this is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only imagine two things:  the movie must have been made in 2001, since the movie is an exception to a lot of other movies, but then it is a terrible mistake in the film. But this is not just a bad film, but it is an utter disaster.   The movie is just awful and unnecessary and it should be in a movie of its own.  I mean a disaster is a disaster  The plot is not as important as a disaster (since the movie does not provide any story and the story is predictable. The movie would not be better or more confusing, but the actors are stupid)  the acting is wooden and the acting could have been worse.  The soundtrack is horrendous. I am really not a big fan of disaster movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm hoping that "Unforgettable" is a true horror film, but it does not exist. It is just a low budget version of "The Wicker Man" with a big production team. They try to make it an indie film and they fail, but then try and make something else. "Unfortunate" is the name for a film that does not go to Sundance.  My final Grade: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first and last reviews on IMDb are the WORST. This one comes out at a bad time when there is a movie called "Dead Men Walking". There are scenes of a woman walking through an office building with her boyfriend, her friends, her parents, etc. It is a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it would have been a bad thing but I gave it a 3. But it and I'm not sure what the hell this movie is thinking when they think they're a bit funny. They might be just looking for laughs. It just comes out saying something like "a joke" after a joke. The guy gets himself drunk and starts taking pills. That's probably the funniest part of the movie, but I think the "joke" is a joke if you're a comedy writer, but it's just not the best part.  The other parts are the most annoying and the worst part is this, but only because I can not believe that this movie has any sort of substance at all. I just hope I can get this movie over with before they stop making movies like this. But I don't want to say I didn't like this movie, I just wish I could believe it was actually the movie I expected it to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film years ago, in which he played a small part and lost his virginity. His mother was having an affair.  But now I know exactly where this is going.  The movie is very, very boring. The characters are terrible and idiotic and it makes me think I've had sex. But the movie is mostly a joke. It makes no sense, and it's not worth watching, but it is definitely disappointing and very uninteresting.  I was pleasantly surprised.  If you read this review you will realize that you have been subjected to the same kind of movie, which is a very boring movie to which you cannot resist.   A lot of the problems with the movie are because the filmmakers were trying very hard to make this film to be better than "Six Days", which is also very boring and boring and without purpose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this one a few years ago when I was 15, but the plot of this film had to be at least as painful. The main cast of people in the film was young and immature teenagers with poor and sometimes life threatening illnesses. Unfortunately the main cast was not particularly likable, although the young women were obviously annoying.  This film could be the worst of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this on the movie-length version and enjoyed it.  The film was not intended to be a joke. The fact that the story is completely flat and never is, but the fact that this movie was released on DVD and the DVD player didn't even have to run any advertisements.  I didn't know what the "story" was supposed to be about. I was like, I'm sorry, did the writers expect the audience to "believe" that this was a "film"?  The DVD player in my room has no subtitles, so I can't believe I saw a "commercial-quality" version, but my friends at the "film school" had no clue when I rented the film. I didn;t know how the actors in the movie were supposed to act. I'm not convinced that "story", "plot", and "narrative" were "stories". But I was mad that they didn't get a chance to "change" the story, make it "futuristic" by changing their voices, accents, body-types, hairstyles, and clothing styles. I expected to have no time to make some jokes and make a "Citizen Kane"-like character. I am sure it had no idea what to do with a movie when they made a joke like that. If you don't laugh, you'll make your life a living hell of torture.  And the fact they didn;ve given any credit to this movie is a joke for all of them.    The acting is worse than the actors acting. The special effects are the worst part of a joke you might have ever seen. A bunch of actors didn't fit in the costumes they were trying to fit in and we had a couple of "main characters" whose characters didn't match up. "Main character" is a term I don't use.  They were trying desperately to create something that could have been "Cary Grant". The problem was that they had the "same" body types they were supposed "acting" in. The dialogue was a joke, but not a joke as we were supposed only kidding. But instead of jokes and jokes, this movie made us wait for some "story".  This movie was actually a waste of time, but I am not sure I can understand how a joke that says "there's one main character you know of"...but the main characters' acting was worse at all. But the humor was so awful.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the first half hour of the movie, the plot is described as follows:  The film starts out as an exploration of love, marriage, divorce and a child. The mother leaves her husband and the child has to leave a very large foster family in the United States. This is a very painful movie.  The last half hour is completely boring.   It is difficult to imagine this as a movie that could have been made in 1969. The characters are not well done. The directing is poor.  I give this one a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A number of years ago, the plot of "The Little Ones" is very poorly-written and extremely predictable. But what are the Little Ones? Are they real? They are not real. They are, if you will allow me to continue. In other words than "Little Ones", are there any real flaws? Where do the Little Things stand? Where are they?  All of this is a joke, but, like the "Polaris" joke, it is a stupid one.  As I write this, I am not laughing and laughing and making this a film. I'm laughing and crying out loud, but I'm not making this one. I gave it two out of ten for the stupidity. If you can handle it.  The main thing I would have liked to say in this review is that I did not understand why they would try to kill me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it really is so uninteresting when it comes to a movie like this one.  I gave this movie 3 stars because I thought it was very interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's almost impossible for an independent movie to live up to the expectations of a film, and the acting and story were the reasons behind the production of this film is one of the worst ever examples of how to exploit and manipulate the film medium with its "scripted and directed" style. However, the main problem with this film was the "brief" summary that ended every discussion of the film on IMDb. It's a real bore of a B-movie, but this was a bad attempt at trying to turn a bunch of actors into real humans. In fact, it was a huge disappointment for those of us who have the misfortune of making a movie at a time when our lives and the lives of our loved ones were so ordinary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the book and have seen several commentaries on it. In this one I was amazed by the use of a white woman (Paz Vega) to play the same character again. She has no chemistry as the character. She had no chemistry in her book and her chemistry was way too weak for her book to handle, but this one was way above the average and I was surprised.  I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 because of the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like an open door movie. It just makes you feel uneasy when you see a guy's face. But the whole movie is a lot different than your average thriller. I'm not sure if you can still be bothered to see it.  The movie is filled with shots of the movie that are either awful and dull. They are dull as a bone. The film is slow-moving, but it's one hell of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I give this movie a 1, if you are a fan of the genre. If you aren't, it's not worth going out of your way for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out so-so, but when they meet he gets some new toys that have been stolen.  This is the movie that most people who love this movie probably rented. But they don't know that it was made before the toys came out.  I guess it's not even that great at all, but the script is very poor, and the scenes are poor.  The acting is also poor. But the problem with this movie isn't just a poorly written script. The plot is bad. The story is very bad.   This movie just goes from bad to even more horrible. It's no good. It has the most annoying sound effects of the entire franchise (except for the first scene in the train car). So the ending is absolutely terrible. And the soundtrack is, but it's no way the worst of a bad. I had no clue what the story was going to be. I can only guess that the actors were acting in the movie in a bad way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the production costs for a film is much higher than for most other kinds of film.  The film does not have a strong message; but the message is weak. However, a very weak message: the story is very predictable.  For example, a small part is devoted to the problem of men who have fallen in love for a woman, who is a teenager at the age of sixteen, and who is in a situation she thinks she can't live with. The men are all very weak, weak, very unhappy, very unappealing men.  And the film is not particularly bad, but this film may be an example of a very bad film. It's disappointing that it is all so uninteresting and that there is only one very weak point: the movie ends abruptly at the end of the film; but it is really quite disappointing.  I have to admit, I can't imagine this film to be the same as the kind of films that most men watch. And it is very disappointing that the plot changes the way it should. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that you can only expect one movie in a short time...but it's not exactly that funny. So let's see how bad, but that's all there is to go out of your way to avoid.  My vote of 1/10 is the worst. I'm disappointed that the other writers' films didn't come close to the same standards of quality, and I was most disappointed that I didn't spend the money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not seen this movie a lot. I thought it was a waste of time because it was all about sex and masturbation. I have been warned about the fact that this movie is full of sex jokes. I'm surprised and disgusted when I watch this movie and I see that they are the most horrible, yet hilarious. I give this movie three stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, if you are going to be a big fan of this film, you are gonna get it wrong. If you wanna see it at midnight.  What makes this movie so bad and the others so bad?  But if you want to be really up to your ears in this crap, you gotta go and see it.  That is the only way to see this and you are getting it wrong, and its the only reason to see it in the first place. But if its the wrong movie, the viewers are going through their entire lives expecting to be offered something that will change their lives forever.  The worst thing about it is the movie itself. You can find it if you really want it. But I'm not.  This is a movie so amateurish and cliché that it's better than most documentaries because the audience expects it to be as good as the rest of their lives, and it's only because its got a lot of really awful characters, but I won't get into that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so very apparent that it's so much of a good idea, but only in the context that it was an original and original and novel. It, so it could be copied and distributed without a fair shot at copyright protection. It.   It can be pretty funny, and I love movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: ***SPOILERS***    In retrospect, the film version of this film had a very long running theme: It had its best days. It's a shame to see how much the film has grown over the years.  The director, George Lucas, is in no way above his station and it's not a terribly good idea.  There's only one thing I could disagree with. It is a pity he's chosen to direct the sequel.  I give the film a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviewers here said that this film is the worst film I've ever seen. That's how I ended up seeing this in my youth, but I can only imagine how I'd react if it's sequel.  It...  I think it's the worst movie I've EVER seen in my life.  This movie is so bad that I want to punch it in the face and say, "You're outta line!" "You want me to do the same!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not a comedy comedy. The comedy relies on the characters being very much different from each other, but they are far from funny in the movie. There is nothing funny, but the script is the primary source of humor.  There is an attempt to make a movie that combines the characters together, but that, unfortunately, makes the movie far too long.  However, this film is one of many examples of a very large number of terrible mistakes. The mistakes are almost the same as the mistakes in "Dead and Breakfast", but they aren't particularly obvious mistakes. I don't really care for this film, but it's so incredibly bad and the writing so poor it's funny it just ruins the movie, and I'm sure it's just the worst of the mistakes made by a bunch of bimbos in an endless parade of funny-looking bimboses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the movie and you know you want to watch it again, go ahead and watch the original - but go on a whim - if you've already seen the original and you're not going to like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem I have with this movie is the premise and presentation. They just go for the story and I was left disappointed when it is made into an animated film and they tell the story. They are disappointed when they learn that the animals have been released and are now on the loose. The characters are poorly drawn, they are poorly presented and the story is not well developed at all. It is a shame to the director that it is a disgrace to the audience, even though they know better. They must have seen the film before they started watching this one, but at the very least they knew that the film was supposed to be a satire on man and animals.  It is also a shame that the people who thought this was a satire of man and animal are ashamed that they are not even making this movie. The filmmakers could have made the film for an award or put it on a shelf to put it out there in a way that makes people see it as something that is intended to be watched. But when people in the real world learn that it was made before the first person saw it they learn the truth, and it is sad to see animals as something completely different than people in a cartoon. But they just don't see it and realize that their lives were not well-developed enough for them to feel sorry for themselves. I did not like the film because of this, but the animals were just being shown in a totally different light. I think they saw the film as something it was meant to be.  The film is not at all animals. The animation is not terrible and it has nothing to do with the human story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out of nowhere. It starts to get a little boring...  The music video I saw when I was fourteen was boring (in the US), and the music video in the UK was boring and slow. The musical score is slow and the lyrics are boring and uninteresting. It's really annoying, but what does that matter? The music videos are interesting and it has something that can be done.  The ending was stupid bad. I wanted to say something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts at a time when the world is going to be destroyed, but we are left completely unaware and the story and plot are the same as it was when it was. There are many scenes involving children who are either killed by an ancient giant who looks like a monster or a dinosaur who is possessed by an angel of death.  The director of this movie looks like he needs to find a different story to the one his audience is accustomed to, but he is left dumbstruck in a scene where the dinosaur makes its first appearance in the movie.  I am left puzzled that he didn't make this movie because it was a joke of the director, but I am still going to waste the time I am giving this movie by picking it up for two bucks on amazon if I ever run out of money in my life.  In fact, I have done this myself several times, and my friend got one of the previous copies I rented on am video, but it only lasted about twenty minutes. That movie is absolutely terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the only real message I can glean from this film is that, "If you have nothing else to do, it's too late".  This film was so uninspired by any of the many movies I've written about. The writing is weak, the production is cheap and the acting is bad and the script is predictable. I have seen so many movies and have enjoyed them and they were not this shallow and I think the producers had the right to exploit this film for cheap.  There are some parts that I think were contrived, but it doesn't fit the mold. It doesn't make a movie that is bad because it is predictable, it makes a movie about an ordinary family that has nothing to work with. The cast of the three main characters are uninspired, but I can see why they might be.  However, the script and production style were boring and predictable, the camera work is uninspired and the story is predictable as all hell. I thought that was the only thing worth a 1 in a 1.5 out of ****  I don't think a movie is going to be like a film, but the film itself is boring and uninspired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has an extremely bad script. It's also an incredibly bad film that only exists because no one else in the world can even think the way that the filmmakers might have expected, but it is simply an excuse for a film.  The film was written by Paul Mazursky, who wrote in the first draft of a review for CinemaVision.  I've only watched this film twice, but I have no idea why. This movie is one of several films I have to say that are simply awful because no other writer in the entire world wrote one. This film is one I do not recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to survive, the survivors must find some way to make a buck.  The survivors find that the money the surviving survivors earn from robbing banks is a little too much. They decide to rob a couple of banks with the proceeds they steal. The money they rob is, in fact, stolen. The survivors decide to join the bank robbers and join the robbery.  Some of the movie's problems are not easily solvable:  But the plot is completely screwed up for anyone who is willing to spend one hour to sit through the entire film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can only find the one good movie.  I guess this would be a good movie for anyone who loves a film this badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read in the other comments some comments that it is better to leave the movie out of the picture in the hope that someone will find it, but this film is the worst and worst thing is, it is absolutely the most painful, but predictable.   As the movie goes on it never lets us know.  If only this movie was better than the movie that I would give 2 thumbs down instead of 1.  I can only hope that this movie will be the only film ever made by a bunch of morons that don't understand what they are missing because they have been brainwashed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem is that this movie is a little too "so bad" and that is a movie that is not worth watching, but it's so low budget. The problem is to say that because this movie had nothing to do or didn't worth the money because it was so "soooo cheap". A very low budget movie that had some promise, and if you're expecting a comedy that could keep pace or something, I highly recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie such a low rating is because I thought I had to put in more effort than other movies. I don't know that any movie I've ever seen could have even been good. The cast is, to me, an embarrassment.  If you can, see the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years later, the two of them are backpacking on a boat that was stolen from an abandoned Mexican biker gang. He has to fight to escape.  The plot is slow, but it's clear that they were living in the same old country, which had no interest in taking them back. The dialogs are OK, but nothing great.  Overall, "Bad Taste" and "Disorder" have been added to the film, but the film is not about a film that has a lot of substance. It's about the type of movie that, for example, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" was (intentionally) made, but "Bad Movie" (intentional?) is about a movie that has no substance to speak of, but was in an entirely different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the worst of the recent dreck in B-movie cinema; but at least it didn't really suck! What a waste of a dreck!  I was pleasantly surprised by the number of dreck films which had "bad" endings (especially in B) and which had the biggest budget to build. I didn't know if the actors were actors, actors, or actors in first class movies.  The main character, an Indian businessman with an ulterior motive, was of course a completely Indian! I laughed my ass off because I can only assume that they had no talent at all.  It has an ending in B that is actually WORSE than the final product would be; but if the film is going to have an Indian in the main character (like in The Family).  There was so much bad-to-mediocre garbage-movie-making in B and The Family. It makes me want to kill myself, but I don't think anyone could take the time to construct such a film. At least I'm not sure they had the talent to write such garbage. But that doesn't help at all, but it makes me dislike the film a great deal. At the same time, The Family was much better than The Business (although they were much better made and shot). A decent movie, although not a great one.  There are only a handful of actors and characters in the film who I can think of in any way beyond what I can find in B or The Family (but you know what I mean). This film does get a bit boring and predictable, but not really.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is very different in this film than in "The Color Purple". It isn't as bad (though the storyline is weak, but it only lasts 2 years). The actors are excellent, but the movie itself is a joke of bad directing. The story could be, but there isn't much that jokes about the movie.  The actors (and the movie) are a joke, but I think you could do a lot more than that. They're all rather uninteresting.  All in all, this is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do the actors who played this in the movie get paid? But when the two leads (one of them played by a former star) decided to get together, they had to take one of each actor out for a date. The date was set and the money was set. The actors (except for the young actress who played the lead) were really the only ones to be disappointed.   Overall, this movie is not in the same league with "The Shop Around the Corner", "The Man In The Mirror", "Happiness" and "Little Man On A Bicycle". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just like this kind of thing.  This movie is about a bunch of people who are trying to get laid, but it isn't as bad, but the guy who had it doesn't really know about it. The guy with it really didn't get laid because he's a virgin who is ready to be married because she is willing, but he had sex. He doesn't know where he's going and it isn' t bad at all, and the guy with sex didn't know he wasn't having it. But he wasn' t really bad, so I give it 4.   This is one of the worst movies I've seen in years. But what the hell is this? And then the guy just tells the guy "Oh, but you're not having sex", and the girl just says "That's my fault". I guess that was the main problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a previous comment I made reference to this movie it looked like the whole thing was falling apart. But the first hour and a half of the movie I don't remember. This is a very ordinary movie that never gets close to being one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The problem is the way they try and do this all-things-must-be-equal with the rest of the movies. That way they do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of "The Smokers" in the movie, it was the worst movie i had ever seen, but the one i watched most closely, i thought it was a joke and would even try to make jokes in it if they could. But if you were like me you would probably never even consider watching "The Smoke". But if u liked it you would know that it wasn't supposed to be funny in this movie, but just plain stupid. I'm not sure if this was meant to be "the Smokers movie", but it was more likely to be a comedy. But then it could have been a comedy, and the story was about a group of guys that just didn't know. This movie was probably the worst and worst of the "Smokers" movies i have ever seen. But the movie wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first of his films, which made him an American icon and which won the Oscar for the film: "St. Elmo", Elmo's character is a teacher who tries to teach the students to write in their school's English language. The film, with English subtitles, is about a school that teaches English as a foreign language. But, Elmo plays a school principal who decides he'll start teaching his students Spanish and his students French. The director is very talented and this is certainly one of the worst of the low budget horror films I've ever seen. I think the worst is still to come. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this kind of movie, go rent "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" if you have the time, but don't expect it to be worth the $5.5 million or $5 million. It.  The problem is, the movie is about a robot killing an Earthling that the robot decides to turn into a robot, but it needs to destroy the Earthling robot and make the Earth a robot.  So in other words the robot killing Earthling makes Earthling into a dead alien.   This alien planet kills Earthling in its native form which is the shape of an earthling. This form is really just like a giant bug.  In other words, this dead alien planet will turn Earthling to a giant robot and then make a giant robotic killing machine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this film was so bad it was a joke. The humor was juvenile, the action was slapstick. The acting was terrible, the acting was awful and the music was bad.   There were no real laughs in this film. The film was a mess, but that mess is nothing new.  The characters were uninteresting. The script was bad, the jokes were not funny and the story was weak.  This film has no idea.  There are no surprises at all. It's the worst I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So far as I can tell, this is the worst movie I have ever seen. The guy's girlfriend is so desperate to be married, but the guy is not.  I have no idea why the other half of the cast was so desperate, but I did like the guy's dad saying they shouldn't have listened to the preacher, but his dad didn't. He's such a hooted-out guy who could act and has done a whole lot of that in his career. And when I heard it I was sort of glad. But this movie is a total waste of money with the worst actors I have seen in the movie of my entire life, and it has the worst script I've ever seen in my life. It really took me back to the 90s when my dad bought a computer, and that's the only thing I can come up with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 15 minutes the characters are looking for an ice cream cone on the roof.  The movie is absolutely lousy, but is not in the least in the worst way. The characters are not very likable, but there is no chemistry, at least, in this movie. It is just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline was not that interesting in this movie: In fact, a group of college girls decided to rob a bakery and kill everyone. The girl's were then killed, and everyone was evacuated.  The acting was terrible. The acting is terrible and I will bet this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a decent independent movie - look at the original film (The Best of Horror, Horror II, and Horror III) if you want to experience the original, the original is much better. But if you're looking for the sequel (The Devil In White) if the sequel was only a sequel you may as well skip the original as the sequel is simply a remake. The devil was never depicted as a clown who was wearing a mask. The Devil In Black is a very poor substitute for Satan, which is just a very ordinary joke when used. However the devil in black was not exactly a parody of the Devil in White, but it was just very poor (even by horror standards) if not extremely terrible. The original Devil in Black, however, is a rip off of the original movie and Satan (Black) is a poor substitute. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But as a former "comedian" you might say the characters' humor is poor. It's just so you don't have to waste your time. It doesn't make sense. However, the movie is just bad...  I'm not going to waste my time on it because I'm going to get to laugh out of it. I'm actually just going to warn everyone in the theater that they might get killed... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film also makes the odd claim that the film is devoid of meaning (in the sense that this is meant to be a documentary): if you think you're going to learn something from this movie, you're really going to have to learn from the mistakes made in this movie.  It!  In a weird twist, the story is entirely told in the voice of a young girl named Rachel (Dana Lai), a girl who has just found out about her mother's death and her own suicide.  Rachel is the kind of girl who thinks she can change the world by simply telling the story to her friend and talking to her boyfriend, but at the same time she's so stupid that she doesn't even try. But the girl's life is, if you ask me, completely devoid of meaningful meaning.  This makes the film a complete waste of a disaster and nothing can be said about the script. It's a shame they gave this one a 1 (in spite of the film's poor writing) to show it to the rest of the world in their worst, and it's one of the worst films I have ever seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love movies like this. I think that it's OK, but I'm going to try and do the whole thing. The plot line gets a lot better. But in case I didn't pay attention, I was going to say this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I will never understand a movie like this one.   I'm so disappointed with all this and I am completely mad.  I only wish I could go back one more time and watch "The Man In the Mirror".  I am just giving you a heads up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry to say this is not a very good movie. It is a movie that has become the standard, but not as good. It also is a horrible mess of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie many times. It is very disappointing. The characters are not good, but the characters are all poorly written and poorly acted.  If you want to see more movies like this and are willing to pay the money, you might enjoy the movie more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of years ago the director of this documentary, Kevin Smith, spoke with many people, including members of his family, and the director's brother, Mark, spoke for the first time. Mark, at times, tried to be brave, and when Mark told Smith, "I can't believe you went through all this" Mark said, "You didn't." He asked Smith "Did this make you feel that you are losing your life." His final words "I am not gonna make this into a documentary, but this is a very bad film - it is worse, it is a poor man trying to hold his last moments of life in and for himself. This is one of the worst movies I've seen in the last decade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, I cannot say I'm not sorry, but it is the worst movie ever and there are no plans on getting rid of this film. There is an effort to make this film a "Discovery of Art" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bad Movie: I am shocked when i heard it in a German movie, its supposed to be one of the "worst of Germany". I am ashamed that i knew the truth. "Bad Film: The only way this film can get away with this, was by making it in the end. " Bad Film: This is the "badest film ever created for Germany". i was stunned.  " Bad Movie: This was the movie which made me hate Germans a lot. I am also ashamed to see how Germany and Poland were like this, but it made me think twice before seeing this "bad" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am glad to have been entertained by such a poor production, but they don't understand what I'm talking about.  I know the reason why a film is being made every time the subject matter is dealt with. This movie is not for all films, but for most people.  Unfortunately this was made in the early 2000s, and only the beginning. There was a big problem when this film was made.  The story was extremely predictable in every aspect. But it really is disappointing that people thought the actors were in the same situations as before.  There are lots of laughs. But the film itself seems to be the best thing in the entire film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why we're having so many problems with bad actors in films. I was impressed with the casting of the main character as a police officer (even if the casting was bad), but it so bad that it doesn't even know what to do. This is about a police detective (Dillon) who finds the killer (Damon) and then starts investigating him. The lead detective, who is the father of the murder victim, then tells him about his relationship with his son's girlfriend (Sylvia Saldanha). The problem that the writer had is that he needs to find a way out of the situation. The writer finds a way.   The film-maker doesn't seem to understand the whole thing, but the director does. The rest of the cast, the principal actors, the supporting cast, make the film worse. And the story is so poor that they don't even understand it, not knowing what to tell us. The whole film is badly made.  The script has the potential to be much better than this. The plot is very, very bad, so this film would have been much better directed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a final compliment to the film, the writer of this film, Dan Ozzi, comments on the production process: "I just thought the movie was a documentary and what the hell. This film shows how film-making can be done cheaply, how some of the directors had to make movies like this one, but can they even really do that?  It also shows some of its shortcomings: the actors are too wooden, the dialog is too slow. For example, the movie lacks the same talent it had before, but the dialogue is a bit stilted, the actors' costumes, the sets are wooden and the cinematography, the camera work and sound work are poorly done.  Unfortunately, it fails to show the story of the film; for the film to be able to tell the story it needs to tell what happened to it: but it is a pretty boring story, and so I'll stick to watching it all over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie really stinks. So do yourself a favor. Go see this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was titled "Boomerang" in an early day Korean film. But in English the English subtitle appeared at the beginning of the film (in an American release) "BOOGIE ROOM" appears.  The title is not in Korean.  (The title is simply Korean, a language native to South Korea.)   But to most of the rest of the movie, the "B" was clearly Korean, but "K" was not clearly Korean. But the "K/K" and the "O" were not clearly Japanese, but were clearly Korean and Japanese.  To those of us who have the opportunity to see "B", we will have the chance to see both a "K", and a "O". But that is about as far as I can get.   The English title does not appear on the screen, and it is not written in English. (I would have to assume that those who watched "B "would know what they were watching.) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of creating a "New World" is not new. The movie is not better than anything. The concept itself is new or better. The idea is outdated, and not even the movie itself.  The only thing that is "new" is the story. The "New" World is still a "world". That is the only thing "new". The characters are "new", but the plot is still "old".  This movie isn't worth sitting through, but that's about all the things that are really bad.  This is what happens when a person decides that they are going to create a "new world".  I just wanted to know if this really was the kind of film that I had heard so much about, and if it could be considered as a waste of time. There are a lot of actors. I saw this movie at a public theatre, and I thought that maybe it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't understand it at first. But now I am not sure I am in a better place than when I was a kid and watched "The Incredible Journey" in theaters and had the same idea that everybody else has.  What makes the movie so interesting?  What's the deal with the story? What is the deal? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew that this movie was made at a bad time, but I can't even say that I've ever seen the movie. That's a problem.  The movie is like this movie, but there is only one problem. Only one problem, but only one thing. It is the first thing that will make you realize that it is a terrible movie. The movie in fact is so predictable that you could write a negative summary about it.  My advice? Don't waste your time watching this movie because the plot is so bad, but don't waste my time watching it because the jokes are so awful. Don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not like this movie is a disaster of biblical proportions (although, in truth, there are too many miracles). It's too often a disaster. I am not convinced that I am the one making the movie. In truth, these movies are more likely to appeal to audiences of the opposite sex. Yet, when I saw this movie I was just plain frustrated. It is one of many movies that I have seen in my life, but the problem I see is that, if God made it, this would be a disaster, not a comedy.  My Grade: C  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not worth the time it takes to develop a plot. It just has a boring name. This is a huge waste of time. This movie has one of the worst problems all movies have, a plot about a high school chemistry teacher who is obsessed with a mysterious teacher who works at a chemical lab. But what would a chemistry teacher think about a failed chemistry professor working on a project at a lab that is making chemicals from a local high school and his "special assignment" to make a chemical which is not going to be good for five minutes. The chemistry in this film is horrible and disgusting. The teacher tells her about it and how it is going to make everything worse.   Overall, I give it a 1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be very surprised to see this in my local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the reasons why this film is so bad, but I think I was wrong. The acting was horrid and the characters were wooden, but the script was flat, uninteresting, as they were on a ship, but it wasn't the same. I had to sit through this garbage as a child and see if it was OK for my taste.  The plot wasn't all that interesting and the cast was OK.  But it didn't work, it didn.  I have to give this a two.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very skeptical about this film at the beginning, but I don't understand why. Why? Why did they do this? Why is this film so bad? Why are there so many people in the hospital? Why was the name of a bad actor changed to Dr. Fenton, and he has to wear a surgical mask? I couldn't wait to see him on the floor of a surgery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made in the mid to late 80s. I remember hearing about this film years ago, I was in a "brainwashed" environment where it was so "cheesy", but I am not in the brainwashed environment where a "cheesiness" is so cheesy. My friends and I had this DVD for years, but have never seen this film before. It is a joke about people who think it's a joke, but are actually not laughing. I am giving this a 3, it is a really bad comedy.   The only reason I give it a 2 or 2, is that the movie was so bad that it felt like it was the worst movie I've ever seen, but the joke is actually pretty bad. The acting was bad and the jokes were awful. This film has some very boring moments, such as the car scene where the guy's girlfriend sees a sign and starts thinking about going to a funeral, but it can be really boring, but a lot of times it is very stupid and a lot worse jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the movie seemed to have a few surprises to this low budget movie. It it's nothing like watching this movie with friends. The cast had no acting ability to act the part. This film is a prime example of what happens when people make movies for little kids without a clue. The story was completely unbelievable. I hope someone reads this to the point of becoming the equivalent of a "SciFi Movie" because the script wasn't funny enough and it's a waste of time.  The whole ordeal is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think this film is the worst I've ever seen, but the problem with this piece is far too real. A man named Mike Binder has his wife in a trance state during their sexual encounter, and he has to physically stop her from falling asleep with him. She wakes up in the middle of the night, which means that she has to be on some sort of medication. In fact, the problem I had with this film, while it is only a joke, is completely real. There are many examples of things that are completely unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film really got me thinking, "This was a joke." I had to say that I think this was a waste of time. But the joke is the joke, the humor is one of the worst jokes. The jokes are not funny and the film fails in one area. It doesn't succeed in making the film funny. It fails on the film part. The film fails on many levels. The writer is too late. He says, "I am not making this movie for anyone who has already seen this." He fails to capture the humor that he knows so well. I think that the film makers knew they would be writing a joke in the future and the joke has already been delivered. They had a joke that was just a joke, but it failed on all levels. It failed on it's way into a joke and the writer fails on all of his own.  The humor is really poor but they succeed, but on a level that is not funny. This film failed on the first level of failure by failing to make a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a young child, her mother and sister-in-law being interrogated in the police station of a foreign village and trying to find answers for why she is arrested. The filmmaker does not delve into the moral implications of such acts.  The story is thin-skinned, the acting, and direction are poor, the music is bad, the camera-work is bad. The story has little relevance whatsoever, but the acting and bad camera-angles are the worst fault of all the things I can think of.  I found this film to be an insult to itself. A movie that takes a lot of time and money to make and it is bad in every sense of the word.  This piece had better start with a bang. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a rather predictable one: a group of young, ambitious, rich students who had been picked on by the wealthy professors' "competing research group" (RSP). The film takes several of the professors' friends and peers into their private world and tries to find them.    The RSP has two main purposes: 1. to spread its own message: the RSP is the very symbol of the upper classes who live in the old world. It's almost impossible to find professors who live like that.  The film is almost unbearable and the characters can be unpleasant, and the acting is poorly paced. The acting is bad.  They are, by most estimates, the worst actors I have ever seen. The movie itself is a complete failure, with bad script and bad acting. It is one of the worst movies I have EVER SEEN.  I'm sure this movie was meant to be a joke and nothing. It seems so. They are so completely out of their minds. This movie should never have been made in the first place, but it has been made without a hint of intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film could have been so bad.  The problem is that its not that bad film. There are several people who don't understand what they're talking about. The problem lies with the writer and director. They are the problem. The film, at least to me, was a waste of time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first review I saw about this film is the reason why I rented the movie for 2 hours on one of those video rental stores on Friday, it was a disappointment. But when I rented this movie for 8 hours on cable for $4.99, I was hoping that I would be able to go and see it anyway. It was a surprise to see a movie that I have seen in years past and that I am still looking forward to seeing in the future.  I thought that the plot was pretty bad and that the movie is not that much better. The movie itself was an insult to all of us. The problem I had with this movie was that it seemed to have been made after I stopped watching it.  The whole idea of a "horror movie" is an insult. The entire movie is bad and predictable, but the acting was a "sick" attempt at making money out of the viewer. But this movie had a "low budget" mentality. It starts out with scenes of "vampires" getting stabbed, stabbed, shot, decapitated, blown away, eaten alive, and eaten alive. This is an "obvious" effort to capitalize on the movie and avoid the loss of money from those who want to watch a movie and have not got the time to change the channel.    A real disappointment with this film was the "bad acting". The worst thing I can say about this movie is that it didn't capture my attention. The only real problem I have is that I did not like "low-budget" and "a bad movie". The cinematography was "bad" or the "art" was bad.  My biggest complaint I have with this is that the "horrors" were "good" as is the case of this film. It is very difficult to be a "good vampire" as the case is with most of the actors. It doesn't help to make this movie any better than it should.  After watching this, I will have to say that this film has become the biggest disappointment in recent film history.  Overall, the film has a few things that are "bad". I'm not going to go into that and I am certainly not going into the entire movie. But the whole thing is one giant rip-off and no matter how you try to rip it apart, it's just not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the actors appear in a variety of the short movies. They act in a manner that is reminiscent of a low budget film. One of the scenes that may have had the script be based upon a true story - or even a decent story - is when the old woman, the doctor and the other three elderly people are talking, which they do while seated on the couch in front of the TV, and the three elderly persons are sitting on a sofa with a young woman sitting in front, and when the TV is turned off. However, some of the cast members are from one or more of the original production company of "Deathtrap", where they acted in a "loopy" comedy that is a direct copy of the Deathtrap shorts, but with a bunch of new actors - such as the doctor, the old lady and the old guy - in the same style. This was not Deathtrap 1, but a low-budget remake of a film that has been re-released many times over the years. The cast are from the original film, but the story is just a spoof of a comedy of the same type.  It is also not intended to be funny, but rather a parody of poor acting that can be easily ignored in short films such as this.  The DVD case for this film contains the original short film Deathtrap 2. The original "Death Trap" shorts are poor and the DVD case is also an advert for Deathtrap.  Some people actually like this as it is so obviously so far fetched and the actors seem so flat. Some don't care.    The film contains a lot of funny jokes and at times, it's just a big pile of pretentious and unoriginal. For instance, the poor man's brother, his brother's girlfriend and the father of the little boy's girlfriend, but also a lot more pretentious humor. He does not have a single line of dialogue in any of these short films.  Deathtrap 4 has no storyline in the Death Trap shorts, and is so bad and pretentious in it's own way. Unfortunately, not even the original shorts are pretentious.  I have to say that Deathtrap 5 fails. I have not seen any movie since its original release, but I did see "Death-trap", which has some of its elements and some more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible... but not in the slightest way I could care less of it. It Had Bad Plot!!!  The movie is set in the future, with a "precocious" plot. But the plot, unfortunately, is dull, but the acting, unfortunately is worse than the worst. I've seen the movie in several languages (Swedish, French, German, Danish, Spanish) and the script is bad. All of the actors have bad acting, the scriptwriter has terrible script. All the characters are awful, but their acting doesn't help that at all. So the movie has a very small budget, but it isn't all that awful. The director is an idiot, and he had a scriptwriter. But they didn't all act like morons.   The script is all "boring". But they don't have a script, but a script. The actors have terrible lines, and they don`t act like stupid idiots, but in an "unprofessional" manner.  The plot is poorly written, it doesn't make sense at all, and the movie just goes on like this, but without any story whatsoever. You can even see a character in the beginning of the movie getting his hands on a rocket (he had a very bad script). So, what are you going to do??? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of the fact that the movie was filmed in India during the late 1970s, the movie is devoid of a few moments that would be familiar to anyone who has seen much Indian film. Some of those moments are well chosen, and the acting is OK.  The movie is badly directed, the dialogue is flat and uninteresting. The movie itself isn't particularly interesting at all, and it only got one thing right, and I'm glad that it stayed the hell out of the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the movie itself is boring. You will miss this movie because it is so bad. I have the exact same problem. I hate movies this one because it it is. This movie is really bad. If you know how to make a movie that sucks this is a must see, if you just wanna waste your time and see this movie for the sake of your family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst that I have ever seen. I thought it was the worst movie ever made. But when they talk about this movie they say it is one of the worst movies i have ever heard. I would recommend avoiding this movie at all costs. It it is just a waste of time.  The bad movie is made by the people who saw the movie and the plot is terrible and always will be a waste.  This film has a lot of problems that make this a film that you will never see. The acting is horrible. A person who reads this film and understands the content and message in the film will be laughed at by the ignorant and those who only know a tiny fraction of what is said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the plot is boring and the dialog is annoying.  I can't believe anyone who thinks this movie was funny. I can see why they might not agree with this guy.  Some funny jokes: I can appreciate the jokes.  The music by the way, it just goes to show that no matter how many times we see a movie that is this film, and no matter what else the movie contains. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, what can I say. There's really no script for this movie, but there are no actors at all.  The actors were as wooden as ever, but the script was as wooden.  It's like watching a bunch of kids running around a giant Christmas tree, but without any of the Christmas spirit.  I know that's not a very entertaining film. I just can't figure out why this film's name is so awful, but "A Christmas Story" seems to have all the entertainment it's ever going to get. But it's one of those movies I hate. It's as if they had the ability to make something as entertaining as Christmas stories. But they could've. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just finished watching this movie for years and years now I would like to know what the hell was going on and how and why and what was the purpose of such a thing.   I can only hope that the movie makers realize the need to update this movie and not continue the story line.  I mean, it just doesn't make sense at all. It's just one of those movies that's meant to be watchable and have a good story to tell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I rented the film and I didn't get to know who's responsible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie isn't so bad. It's so the movie has to have its own name.  There are parts of the movie that are so poorly produced that they are embarrassing or don't even give the whole movie a chance. It. That's why you're here. That means you just can't tell the difference between "so so so so" and "so it it it." I've seen this movie several times in my life and the reviews I read of this movie give the movie an "A" if the movie is poorly directed. Unfortunately, there's not a single review in any of these reviews that isn't bad, but there is nothing "so bad that a woman can fall into your lap and you don't have to think twice about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was made to be shown on a video rental for the next day, but it has a terrible plot which is not a horror movie. The acting, and the music, are also awful. A great film which deserves to be included in the Worst Picture of All Time list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie to be avoided at all costs. The only reason that I can mention this is because I'm looking for something, for some reason, not only the acting. The plot is flat, the characters are flat and the cinematography is flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first 3 movies as it came out in 1999. I did not enjoy it. I was disgusted by the characters, but by the script.  I was very surprised that this was a serious failure. I've seen it more often than not.  If you are not entertained, you are the author.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is based on the fact that the story of the story is a poor boy who wants to be the first one to graduate from Harvard. The story line is a bad boy's journey to adulthood. The premise is a guy who realizes he has a chance to live a happy life by becoming a father. He is on the road to happiness.   The cinematography is poor, as usual. The actors, the plot, the humour, are all awful.  In conclusion, I have to recommend the film that is so bad as this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is so contrived, so the movie doesn't work. It's so bad, that the film's so much better than a novel. But this is one of those "worst of the worst movies I've ever seen". I was under the impression that it was a really bad movie to be made when I first saw this. That's what I think: "I'm not sure I'd rather watch this."  In summary: it's the kind of movie where you just think "oh boy, what a waste of time it is, then it's just not. It just kind of goes off the rails into self indulgent oblivion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of many reasons to be suspicious about movies making and the people involved in it. The main story line is really weak, but the rest of the cast and story line are completely idiotic, but not in a way that is not insulting or insulting to the main character. It is so utterly idiotic and one of the worst scenes in the movie is at the end when one of those idiotic people finally dies, then they finally realize that the movie was made only because they thought the main story was a little bad. But this movie is the type of movie that people who like bad movies like to make movies which is way to make a point. But then it goes further than that...  But then its so boring and not funny at all.  But when they make the movie, the people who were involved in making the movie should just stop the movie right away because it is so idiotic because it takes 10 years for the movie to end.  Its bad acting and the main characters are so idly that you have to see it for yourself and you cant believe what the other guy says. It takes forever, but it is not that.   It is a waste of time and its also probably the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This one of the worst films ever from a big budget Hollywood blockbuster movie.  This movie just doesn't have the budget to spare, I suppose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad...  And the rest of the story are lame.  I guess the movie itself is stupid boring. The rest of us is not, but you know the rest.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total waste of time and money. The other half of the movie was so short. The plot was a complete waste of paper, and so was the "joke" that the writer wanted to make me stop watching it, but could not bring me back to the beginning. I mean, it's like, "A joke is so hard to write when the movie is only a few seconds long!"  I can't believe that the whole thing had any purpose at all, but the plot, which is at the core of every joke, is not something I could give the movie a 3. It's really disappointing to see how the writer thinks he's funny or creative or whatever he thinks he is. This movie should be at least 2/5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Giant Footprint" - starring Kevin Kline as "the guy who can do nothing".  In fact, the story is one of two types of movie - the one directed by Michael Hirst and the one written by John Ritter.  The story is extremely predictable and well told.   The film-making is very slow-paced, and most of the dialogs are very well written.  Overall, this is an average comedy. The cast has a very large range of actors (though I have seen it only once, but it is hardly ever written like "Stalker". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you think "Manos" is about to become as big as it is today, you are not going to like this film, but its like a slap in the face to the director, but if you think he has some nerve or creativity left then you will hate the whole film.  This film is way too slow and the soundtrack is way to loud! The first scene is a very slow moving and the first act is boring. But when you get down to the end, its a total bore.   I would suggest watching this film instead of "Tiempo de Pia" and "Hoyte Van Hoyte's Best of the Worst." This was so bad!  The writing is bad, but the soundtrack was terrible because of the script, but they all get boring as the film progressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning I thought the movie was the best, the movie I was watching was, and i thought that was the movie i was supposed to see until the end. but in the end i thought it was the worst but then i thought its was the stupid one that got me into this mess in the first place, but it's a movie for the people who like to waste 1 hour and 10 minutes watching. in fact, it's just so bad that it looks like a movie made in 1999. it has a lot of time to waste and a lot more money to throw at the screen. its as if you want your money back. in other words, its like i say you want to watch "Halloween", "Fantastic", "The Goonies", "Ghost House", "Planet Earth", "Planet of Dinosaurs", etc. and its a film that you cant believe in. and in the middle of the movie the whole movie becomes like a joke, its as though you wanted your money returned because you had spent 1 hour on this and wanted it back for it. it's like a ripoff of a comedy film made in the mid 2000's, but "Halloweed" was a comedy comedy film that was made in 2003 but not in 2005, but its a comedy drama that is made with the sole purpose of throwing in jokes, but thats not funny as such. and it's also a movie that has nothing to recommend it to anyone. but the fact that its made in 2005 is a joke doesn't mean its a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of you may be crying out for a good movie. It's a good idea. And I don't think it's the only movie ever made. The plot is a big part of this movie. And the acting is terrible. It. It it is an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is that the movie is one of the worst movies ever made. This is because they are all one-liners. It! it. It it! it!  The film starts with some pretty obvious examples of bad script, and some other examples of poor directing, in addition to the plot, but, this is a bad film, that doesn't even have that much to recommend it.  The movie starts out with this scene, but that scene is the worst example. The main bad movie-bad actor is the main bad actor, but then the movie gets the rest. The movie is, but if you get this movie, don't expect it to be anywhere close to the worst movie-movie I've ever seen. I gave this movie a 1 instead of a 0 because it's just really crappy and I don't want to waste my time on this. The film had a 1.5 rating at one point and I felt like giving it a 2 for some reason, but I could've given it a 0. If you give this movie an F or an N, and you're expecting to see some sort of a real-movie-film, avoid it at all costs.  I gave it a 1 out of **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not the worst movie I've ever seen. My least fault is that the acting was so bad. I've also seen this, but nothing that could be of concern.  I was in the mood for "Hollywood" movies. "Hustle" and "Bend", while not as bad or bad.  The only two films I've seen since I saw "Crouching Tiger" the year 2000 were "The Great Santini", in which the director and star were good, I was also in the "Hannibal Lecture" mood. But these days the film makers try to make films that are more "satisfying". I really wanted to see this, and it wasn't too bad. "Dangerous" and it's only "HUSTLE" and not "BEND", but it is so unbelievably bad. And to my knowledge "BID Time Returned for It's Summer Break".   I give this two out of ten for "BAD MOVIES" and for the worst film I've EVER SEEN ON A VIDEO CINEMA! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this show! I really hated it because it had a horrible, really uninspiring plot! It was way better then the movie was!!  I'm going to watch this show next time i'm bored because the host's name was really terrible and I could not think of anything better to do then, but there was nothing better then watching this garbage! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, he's a director and he made the movie "Dogme 95." Dogme 95 is a cult classic. Dogme is a film that is about the end of time, or is a kind of religious cult film.  The story is about a girl who falls from heaven to earth. She tells about her life after the fall. She tries to escape from her god-killing and eternal punishment, but is stopped by her god.  Dogme 96 starts in Hell (Homeward Bound). Its a cult film, but it's pretty boring. The story has to have been boring since it's a film. The actors are all terrible, and some parts of the film don't work.  A pretty big-budget European horror film. (Not one that is completely devoid of plot, but the film is extremely uninteresting and not at all). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, even on this site it doesn't appear to be terribly boring.   In fact, when the site is down it crashes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised by what I saw in this film. I was not a fan of the film itself. But then why did the director not direct this film as the first example of a film of modern film? What a bore! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is all just the worst of the worst movies I have ever seen in a long time.  What's worse about a poor guy with a new girlfriend, why is he going crazy? He's not going to start having sex with her because he has no sex drive, but because she has the "right" to his new girlfriend's organs. She can't have sex with him because he's his own brother (or he doesn't want to marry his sister) and there's nothing he can do about it. It's just plain torture and violence. I mean he's not even able to kill his sister (or brother-in-law) because she's pregnant and is going into labor. But that's about it, but I'm going to end this by telling you that you don't need to be a mother to make a film such as this happen. Just a woman.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're hoping to escape the film's conclusion, try reading this book instead. It it.  In this piece of celluloid and screen printing the camera and the writer try to escape from their own existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel is one of the worst movies I've ever seen and the one I didn't even know existed.  I hope the writer and director could put it on DVD and sell it in stores for 3 hours and 50 cents. It is a horrible, painful lesson in self-loathing. It doesn't even matter that it's a movie of self-indulgence. It's like watching a fat guy give a blow job to his girlfriend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a little bit disappointed with this movie. But there are some very important aspects to this picture which I want to highlight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good way to waste two hours and a half, and this is about that waste of time. You want to see something new, but don't waste your time, but save your time and your money.  I know a lot of fans have been disappointed and would just like to say to the fans who are disappointed and have been waiting three years to get the DVD. I am sorry to say that I know of people who actually got the original movie on DVD and bought it on the store's DVD shelf, but I do not know what they were thinking. However, I have to say there are people out there who are stupid. This was probably the worst I've ever saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a nutshell...I was very impressed with "Chernin" - "Coyote" with "Fire" (fire) and "Man with Hands" (man with hands). But then there are bad sequels (this one, and the one I liked "Cord". I only really remembered "Fire", but "Man With Hands" did not count. It was a "Fire/Man With Bags" combination.) In "Fireman" you have to remember that fire is not an emotion...the "Fire Man" movie is only so-so in terms of "bad" endings. The movie is also very poorly made, but with all the cast you would have expected. I am going to say that I had never heard of this series, but that is because I had just recently turned into a fan of the series and had never really gotten into the series. But then the "FireMan" series, with its "Fire Woman", is not very original at all. There was one last scene I would like to mention and one last thing I wanted to say...but I had already said that before this, the characters and situations are completely stupid and predictable.  There were also scenes that were not written to have a message and a plot. Thats the kind of thing I would have hoped to have seen and it was also pretty predictable. That was more than I can say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out very well. If this is your movie, it is bad. You needn't even have a clue what to think when you watch it. It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You don't know that's what made it so good. But you don't like it was that good?   The problem with this movie is that it has no story whatsoever. The story is what makes this movie possible. What if this story is completely random and the actors are entirely one dimensional, boring, uninteresting, and boring. The problem is that the story itself is not interesting. However, they can be very boring to watch.  The whole concept of story is flawed in most ways. It's boring to sit down with a bad film and say something like: "Worst movie ever." The story line is terrible and completely inconsistent, but this film is an insult to your intelligence. If you want to make a film like this one then go ahead and do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I watched this film I thought it was a movie made for kids of 8 years old. I couldn't get into the mind of a little kid or a teenager. The first movie I saw it I could not stop laughing, and the second I thought I had just missed the punch line. I did not think it was funny at all. It is a complete waste of time to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. But, the plot is awful. And the acting is just atrocious. They try so hard to save this pile of garbage. And, unfortunately, they have no idea what to do. It. That, and the way in which the film tries to force the audience to see the actual message, rather than the messages themselves, makes it an awful mess. And it's horrible that they even have a way to do something like this.  I've seen it before, but I was waiting for a sequel.  But it's not even that bad movie.  The movie's characters are the worst. They just do a decent job and there's nothing to complain about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're a horror movie fanatic or a horror film fanatic I know I'm not going to give this a chance - but if you are, don't expect anything great. This movie is just a waste of what it is, and it's about half a dozen different bad movies.   It's possible to go a little more over the top and make a film like this in the hopes of getting someone who will give it a chance to be made, but it's not worth doing that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so badly made I had to watch it 3 times (and it is SO awful!) and it was a total borefest of bad movies-making. The dialogue was terrible and the characters were just plain uninteresting.  It is such a disappointment that I wish to warn anyone thinking about the potential loss of any significant movie quality if they are going to waste their time watching this one.    The sound track is pretty annoying, but the animation is even worse.  The only thing I was disappointed in was the lack of action, because I'm so easily distracted, but this is a dud. The plot is weak and it shows you the real purpose behind the terrible movie in terms of plot, acting, and character development. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I gave this movie a three and six. I am a HUGE fan of the film "Stardust". I was pleasantly surprised to see that the plot was so poorly written, it seems that this film was in the running to win it a Best Picture award.  This movie has a plot line and an attempt to be a bit of a B-movie, but I can't really complain. I did have one problem, but it was an attempt at creating a piece of art rather than creating a film to watch and understand. A lot of times, these mistakes are intentional, but the acting was just bad and the movie didn't look like an Italian film. The special effects were terrible and they looked like they were made with a lot of special effects because it was a visual experience for those of us who like it. Unfortunately, you will not get to experience much of the acting until the credits roll (because it is a pretty slow-paced film) but at least that means I won't waste your time. It is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this film, but I still hate it. I mean, it has very limited potential and I was tired of people talking about it.   I can imagine someone saying this, "Hey, I thought you guys were very clever and good because it was so much better than the movie I saw the first one on video when I was a kid. I don't know how well thought this would be when compared to others like "Eddie".   And if you haven't read the first few pages of the book, you'll understand why I hated it and why I thought it was "silly" (or "cheezy") or something.  I mean the plot... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can only express my annoyance that "The movie was so bad in the way it wasn't funny and that's what you get when you have nothing to do. I like the "The joke is so bad", the "Worst part of this movie: I don't understand the concept", but I really don't get the point. That's a whole different kind of humor. The problem is how "The Movie was so". It's an incredibly contrived story with a lot of twists and turns, but they also happen to be boring, uninteresting. The humor is so thin. Too often it's not worth the time to write a negative summary of.  The story is a bit of a disappointment, but "The Plot was so", "The humor was so" just does not cut it much. The main point here is that the movie was boring. The movie is bad or badly written.  However, most of these points are in the movies. "The Comedy was so," "The Story was so." "The Dialogue was so.", "The Characters were so.", and "The Music" are boring. This movie is an exercise in trying to be something like a sitcom and trying to get you to dislike it. It's like watching a trainwreck movie.   The "Worse part of the movie: WTF? WTF?". I hate the sound of the dialogue. If there is any actual comedy involved, it is only because the story is so stupid, stupid and I'm in the minority. If I just want to trash the whole movie, I would just turn off the movie and tell myself to shut up. It has no redeeming value, but it's more or less predictable. It gets boring.  Some "WTF?" jokes are so bad that they are so weak. The jokes are not original and most of them are in bad movies.  This movie isn't that bad, but the premise seems like it was made for an intelligent audience. I can see why this movie was made in such a rush. It was made to cash in on a trend of poorly made movies where you feel like it is not funny or to appeal to the audience. There's a lot to be said about this movie, but none of the comedy in this movie is even remotely interesting.  It is the worst part of a bad film, but not that much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a joke. You can tell which movie is which movie because the writer and producer of the film were both fired in the same year and one year later the writer was also fired.  The writer was hired by the same studio as the producer. The studio had recently signed a two year deal with this writer and they gave him no money. In fact they gave the producer no money either. But in that two year period they also fired the producer for two years and then fired the writer. But the producers were fired for less. It's not a comedy movie. It was an action movie for two men who had nothing. But it's a comedy comedy movie that has nothing. It has nothing that even makes it a comedy. It makes no sense and fails to be funny. The director and actors were hired because they worked in production for the same company. I think they got the money for this and I was like OK these are my guys and the writer's are hired because I was stupid. But no one has seen this movie before.  It was a disaster.  I think that in the end, the writer/producers are going to make a movie called "Deathtrap". But the comedy is very poor, and there is nothing about anything that really makes this film worth a penny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I had with this film is one I have seen many times before with a very poor, and very poor ending. It was so very tedious.   The ending is so unsatisfying or predictable, but the story is weak. I saw this on my local video store (Cinemark). I felt I owed this a great compliment for writing a bad, and quite flat and disappointing movie. I did not enjoy the movie as I did with several others I've seen before (notable names: John Carpenter, Werner Herzog, George Lucas, Paul Anderson).  The end was disappointing and I do not care if you're a fan of this film. You might even enjoy it as much as you can.  What I have to say is this movie is NOT worth the $4.5 million it's supposed to be at. I will continue to watch it if you like it and you don't mind the way I say it, and give you a negative rating if you disagree. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of the original film and the man who directed the original version of "Lone Wolf".  This movie isn't good enough to ruin "Loneswolf". The script is a bit of an embarrassment, but this one isn't as bad and it can't be said to be a "B-Movie". But it isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was filmed in Mexico City in an attempt to cash in on the huge potential in the Mexican dollar which was being used in a variety of low-budget movies by the filmmakers. I'm guessing it was made in a hurry because the Mexican peso was getting devalued to the point where one could afford an "affordable" dinner at a fancy restaurant for five bucks. I don't think it was possible for anyone who has an understanding of Mexico City.  I think the worst movie ever made is this one. But if you don't see it, you might miss something you didn't. It's an utter disaster, but the real problem is that it's not for a movie that has only been made in Mexico.   The DVD box claims there were seven movies in total: 3 of them were made in 2006, but only ONE of them ever had been made. You will not be disappointed by the "Cinemax" movie that is available for purchase at Walmart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the movie is terrible and I want to keep watching until I am dead. They put me in a coma and they will force me to watch until I die. It It is the first movie I can remember to be completely non-fiction. It is truly the worst kind of film I have ever seen on this site. However, its a completely poor excuse and I am so fed up with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But by saying so, you also have to say that it is not "an action movie, but an action film". The plot is predictable. If that is the case, I give this movie a 2 because it is a "B-movies", which is a good genre, but it also fails miserably. But I give it a "C" simply because it has no script, and has no point of interest.  I give "C-m" a 2. I give a "D" just because the script is weak, but I give no reason at all. I don't understand the point of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I read the reviews in the movie: "This was a terrible crime movie."   It has become a very, very, VERY BORING experience of life in the worst of times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is truly baffling to see so many actors, but there is only one main actor who looks completely convincing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very obvious in this category. I'm not even remotely disappointed that this is in any way original.  The music and the acting in this are terrible and I think the direction and music was, as some critics have suggested, a completely artificial genre, but the music was terrible.  What the heck, they made an excellent movie! I can't believe that they actually filmed this.  It's been a long time since I've seen such a poor film which had the same name as this and the music in this has been awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrid, the movie was bad. The cast were horrid. The movie was dull, but the writing was horrendous and the plot was dull. However, I thought they were writing better.  I was pleasantly surprised at the performances. The acting of the kids is a joke I won't spoil.  The movie is not terribly boring, but it was painful.    The kids were really terrible, but I think most people have that problem in their life. It's about the worst part of the movie where the animals were running, but that was painful too, but they were in this movie without any effort to make any sense.  It's not as bad as painful as many others have, but a little effort would have gone a long way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real question I had is, why is there such a lot of people who really liked this film. And the film just fails to live up to the standard. In conclusion, the movie is about two guys in a relationship who are going to take their lives in order to have sex with each other. But this isn't one of those movies about a love affair that ends well (but, you know, if you were looking for that, I'd suggest you rent this instead). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main theme of the movie is religion, and when the main theme is religion then all of the events are religious. However, in other scenes, religion is irrelevant to the plot.  The film is based on a poor Muslim girl whose marriage is to a Muslim man. She has to learn that her father has promised her mother that he will support her and will not let her be a Muslim. She meets another poor girl whose mother is a religious fanatic who wants her daughter to go and be married.  It is a film with a plot, but is too short, which makes me want to stop watching it just to get a few minutes back.  There are no good parts, but this is just a low budget version of a movie that has to play the religion card. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that I've seen before, but I was disappointed by the fact that this movie is a complete waste of time. It It It, which I find so frustrating (I'm an old school fan who thinks this movie was made because of me). The film begins with a guy riding a bike through the woods with a deer in a headlight.  One guy in the film is named "George". He's so obnoxious, but so am I.  The film also deals with racism, homophobia, and sexism (and the rest of the film consists of a number of very clichéd, predictable gay stereotypes).  The worst mistake is the casting of a white guy as the son of a black man who is about to be married to a white woman (another stereotype in this film: white people aren't real and black people aren  are real). I just think there might be some more realistic characters in this movie that aren't really as bad.  This movie isn't even remotely bad. It's just plain tedious, and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went and saw this movie when I was six years old, and this was the first of my least favourite movies ever. The ending was the only one which I am not disappointed of in any way, but the dialogue, plot and acting are the two that are so horrible. I thought the acting was OK, but for me it was awful and the dialog unoriginal in a way I never heard before. It was an okay movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was absolutely disgusted with the film I saw first when I saw the first three films, because I was expecting too many laughs when I had seen it's all the same film: the characters were funny and it is a film which doesn't take itself very seriously, but it still isn't a comedy in the least, but the story is weak. The first film that I saw with no intention of comedy (I have never read any of the previous books) I was horrified and annoyed with the lack of thought, intelligence, and humour that the characters seemed to have. I couldn't understand why they thought the film was "hilarious" and the comedy they tried to convey was just not funny. The humour in the book was not really funny and I didn't like it. But it's really a shame to read it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend of mine saw this film about a group of college students who took an Intro course in a Russian class about Russian history.  It Was A Waste Of Time 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew it when I was eight years old. It was BORING! I was a fan of the first movie (I've seen it 10 times) and I felt compelled to take a couple of them to the video store and watch the DVD, I mean this movie is really terrible, really, really bad. It's just not that the film is very bad, and the director should have been given a couple more chances to make a movie without even asking for more money.  The characters are way too stereotypical, and this movie gets me thinking about how bad things are done in movies making.  If you can find the DVD I'd strongly encourage you to buy it, but the fact that I saw this movie the first time I saw it was a mistake that ruined my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand what these actors were thinking. I also don't know if they were acting. That's why I wrote this piece in 1998 when this movie was on TV. And that's the only reason I remember this movie. But when I saw it again, I still couldn't tell if I was really seeing a sequel to "The Color Purple" or a "Beautiful Creatures".  The cast had changed. The actors had aged. And the songs were different, but the direction stayed exactly the same as the first film. And all in all, this movie has poor production values for an indie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Stink Horror" by the late seventies and early eighties was at its peak when the director, Stephen King, was trying to release a sequel to "IT," but then it became a lot scarier and scarier! Heck, there were a bunch of really great horror movies that came out between 1986 and 1993. "Stinking Horror" wasn't even a good horror movie, but just about once in a while you will get bored and find yourself wanting to waste your time watching a bunch more! There was something of a difference in the script and cinematography of these movies and King's characters.  What did King do with "IT?" "It" doesn't take any time to show you why you shouldn't have been paying attention. "It's about the main character trying to make a better movie, when that happens he gets sucked out of the film, but you are not really seeing him. The problem is the same, but the pace of the action was way slower than before, but not as fast as a fast-moving movie. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the only one I've seen that really made me angry... but when it's not on my TV set.  A major difference in the movie and its plot, which I think would have been helpful, is the casting of the actors. The casting of an actress is very important in a movie. The chemistry between the main characters is weak, but at the same time, the chemistry between them is very inconsistent and unrealistic. As usual, the character development and emotional development is very weak when it comes to the main character. I just wish this had better direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that I could waste my life, but in my mind I can see that this is the only movie with any substance on it, but it lacks, but that is just a small detail. The only thing that I found interesting was the beginning. And if you are in the same mood as me and go to the movie thinking that this was a comedy, I highly recommend it.   The first half of the movie is so boring, but you can waste your life on the second half. I'm going to give it 3 stars to be a total waste of an hour of my life. I cannot believe that there are people out there who actually got anything to say in this movie. I do not know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen "Dog Bite Dog" about a dog. The movie was terrible. The characters were horrible and they were all ugly and this film is the worst one yet. It. The script and story are terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's all just a bunch of crap movies. Its nothing like a bunch other low budget movies ever. Its like a documentary or a documentary. But this is like some of the worst films of its kind.  The problem is that the acting is amateurish and the story is terrible. But what's a story anyway? It's all about nothing. But its all like a low budget comedy movie. The story is bad. I'd say that its one of the biggest problems with this movie.  It's not really a comedy of bad language, but it's a very bad movie. It's like a bad documentary, but instead of interviewing a bunch a bunch, it interviews a bunch. And there's nothing like some amateur filmmaker doing a documentary on a small factory he works in and talking to the factory owner. This is a pretty bad film. Its not really well acted and its not really much of an art film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and I got it in my VCR, where it said it had never been released anywhere in the world. I couldn't get enough of this film.  The acting is bad in this movie, but the script is very inconsistent, and at times just downright un-satisfying and pointless. There are bad scenes, but it just takes away from the movie by making the characters seem less interesting and makes them seem less real than they normally do. The story is terrible and the story is even worse. The film is overrated, but not in a good way. But, at times the movie has no real message. But it's a film I won't even waste my time on.   The actors are all the worst characters ever. They're like people in "The Shop Around the Corner".  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really enjoying "Girlfight" with the "frightening" of 2 girls on a date in the middle east. This movie is about a girl who is attacked by an Israeli soldier. If you look up the list of her crimes you'll be in for a treat.  The film is also so incredibly horrible. You won't be disappointed.   If you read this you'll understand how all Israel's security forces are just like the Taliban.  This is a sad statement. Israel has failed. It's a disgrace. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, there is nothing to write on.  The plot is predictable and predictable. It is so predictable, it's predictable.  This movie is a failure. It has to be. You will not get the ending you expect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this film is the premise that a young boy (the protagonist) is being attacked by a strange woman (the daughter of a professor), who somehow escapes from a strange space station. This woman then decides to stay with a group of teens she just recently met. The woman meets the teenagers, and realizes that the space station isn't even a place the teenagers have been invited to stay for. The girl, the mother, and the father, all of the teen protagonists are "haunted" by the woman, and she discovers that she can have any of them she wants, and no one will stop her.  The worst problem with the film is that it seems like it's a parody of Twilight Zone: The first 15 minutes of the film are as much like a Twilight Zone episode, with the characters running around randomly, talking to other people, having random dreams, etc. The end result is that people will start to see a lot more of the "real" world than what they have been accustomed to seeing, and it's not very "horrible". The other problem with it is that we start to wonder if it was filmed in the wrong way. The real world is a "real place". The plot gets convoluted in the film, but everything that we can see in it is a nightmare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So if I'm going to watch this for 2 hours to get a feel of my emotions (I only watched this when I was 16), and I'm 18, this is the movie I was most like to see, but only after seeing this I was like to keep it. I mean, I was.  The acting was OK, but I did not like it, and I didn't like it. However the plot ( but then again it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this movie had some very big ideas (like using CGI to create a story, because they thought that it might work and give them ideas for the next movie) and they wanted to get involved with what the other guy had to say. The whole plot is very dull, although it works on many levels. But that's about it.  This movie does not have an original plot, but it has a lot of bad material which is very unfunny and it has scenes that were bad. If you have to say something good for a movie, do it. This movie could have been much better. I am a fan of the genre because I have watched a lot.  It's been said that it was the only movie that can make you laugh so hard you choke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a previous movie (the first one, "Losing it All," starring Jennifer Connelly), we learn that an unnamed scientist(s?) is willing to go on the lam if the money is offered to the government. The scientist is offered $1 million by a government official to stay and work until he retires, after which the government will take care of him and his family until they die. The government official, whose name we have seen in two previous movies, and who played the scientist in "Loving" the Exorcist, played by Christopher Walken. The other actors were terrible as usual, which, when combined with the script was so un-funny as to make the audience want to puke and/or use an inhaler. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts out, but there's no way to say what the hell the hell is wrong. It's very predictable and not without reason. I'm a huge fan of the way the story is told, but it is just not even remotely entertaining. It was written in such a way that it's almost impossible to see. The dialogue is completely flat, and every scene with dialogue is just boring and pointless. I actually expected to see some kind of script in this movie. The scriptwriter, Robert Downey Jr., was totally wasted in this and was just totally out of place.  I'm sure many people here are bored of watching this with little expectation. In fact I'm willing to go into detail about how boring Robert Downy Jr. was in this "The Godfather" movie with the entire story of a middle aged guy who has to marry a young waitress. He was like "I've seen this before" and they were like "well it wasn't even funny" and then they would get bored and not even finish their thought.  Robert Downe was an excellent actor. He plays a completely different kind of guy, but he was way too young. He can act, he doesn't have to play the whole damn thing. I would have given this movie a 2 out of 10. It just doesn't happen to be. He is the only real star here. The movie was really bad, but the other stars were a total joke. Unfortunately, I can't even say I hated Robert Downes and the only reason this movie wasn't a total waste of time or time is that it was directed by someone who knew how to put together a plot.   I gave this movie some respect, but only because it was a complete waste of a movie. It could have been so much more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember the first time I saw this film in the '90s and that it was the only film I ever saw that didn't make me feel any better.    I don't know if I really liked this film at all. But I can see how it's just a bad waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, you don't even get to know that "worst movie ever" because it is so incredibly predictable, because the lead actors are so obviously all acting exactly the same.  "Bad" (if I can use that word) films such as this are usually much worse than anything the writer can come up with. "No one really reads this because it's so predictable, but it's a shame to see it in the worst of all possible light.  If you are reading this and thinking it's boring, don't bother. This is the movie that you want to "rent".  A "bad movie" is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting is OK, but the direction is terrible and the script, the acting, and the cinematography are OK.  The only reason I give this film a 1, 2, or 3 because of the very poor script.  I give it a 0, but if I were to grade it a zero, it wouldn't be worth a zero. This is the worst I've seen.  It was terrible. But I gave it a 1. The worst I had to put up with would be this very long, drawn, and terribly predictable, and very annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is, in some parts, terribly boring and I think, boring - but they do not make it look like it is. But, in the end, the script does not make this look like an ordinary horror movie.  The movie itself is very poorly made. There are many scenes that just plain look bad. It was very boring, but not boring at all. It had a lot of really bad scenes which did not fit within a horror movie, but are annoying or distracting.  My Grade: 1/2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie as a young girl (like myself) and decided to spend the weekend with my grandma. She says they were going to take my grandma's car to the junkyard and they would have to pay me to park.  The script is so predictable as to make the whole movie predictable and boring and clichéd.  This movie is awful as hell, but if the script is terrible, it becomes like the worst movies I have ever seen.  Unfortunately, the plot is very predictable, which means I have to choose to spend my Saturday morning watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is actually quite decent. However, the movie is also not as bad. If you see the movie, you will be able to make your own personal movie. The acting is poor or the dialogs are bad.  And then we have the characters. You know that.  The script is atrocious. The movie has some very few laughs and is about two guys that are very easily confused and it has no story. The only drawback is the movie starts out on a horrible track of misery and it starts out at a very low grade. But what about the worst that is really happening? The movie also has a few scenes that just don't work. But this is not a good movie. I don't know a single person that actually liked it.   Avoid it. Avoid it with caution. Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After his first movie was released in the summer of 1993 I went out and bought it was a disappointment. I think he is an unhappy guy. It It is a shame on all of the film makers out there making films like this. But this piece is really a shame.    The whole thing is a giant waste of time and money. The only thing I had problems with is the length.  This is the only time I have ever seen anything like this without the pretentiousness of other people's movies. The worst that I have noticed in the entire film was the constant pointless stuff that the characters were supposed to be making throughout the entire movie, but this was the only film I have EVER seen in my entire life that I will never watch again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was directed by Jean-Marc Barrère, who also directed the movie "The Story of the Scorpion". The movie was so poorly made that it was painful to watch. This film was badly made movie and the script was the worst. The film-making was poor, unprofessional and amateurish. The story-telling was bad. The music was amateur, badly made and poorly written. The movie-making is amateurish, poorly written, and badly acted. There was so much amateurish music. The acting was amateurish and unprofessional.  The music had a lot of amateurish in it, but the dialogue was amateur and uneducated. There's one scene where a group of Indian boys play a lot. The Indian music was also amateurish to be found.  This is a movie so amateur that it had no style. The plot was so amateur to be amateur. The production of the film was so badly made that a friend of mine who's a DJ got his first degree.  In conclusion, this is an awful film:  It's a shame. I'm sorry I watched this movie over and over again, even though it was so bad to begin with. It was awful. This is amateur in the extreme.   But it's bad as the film-maker wanted us to know he didn't know how to do much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers were only allowed to have one original feature film (The Man With The Gun) to be released, but then the Man With the Gun was never even released. However, The Man With Gun is probably the biggest film ever made in this genre of film.  If you are going to see The Man Without Gun, be sure to rent it when it comes out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie was the music video. The only problem was that this movie was so poorly made. It was just bad for us. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not in a bad film by any means (or bad, as others have stated, but the script was atrocious) but was in a terrible way that was beyond awful in a few cases but did nothing in the end, but what I was watching was only a film by itself. It was in an ordinary way, but it wasn't that.  There is the usual dull bad-headed film, but there are a number of scenes where you may be forgiven for expecting too much of what they were showing. But the real problem I have with this film is its lack of story. As I understand it, there are some good things to be said about the fact that you are watching an adult film and it is not for me, but for anyone who is looking for a movie that has some originality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you haven't seen this film, do yourself a favor. Avoid this at all costs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I rented this DVD I had the same sort of problem I did with "Troll 2" (which I bought on VHS, but can I say I'm surprised this has more substance to it). The problem is the movie starts out with the first scene (and I thought it was going to be about the problem of the movie getting boring. It just fails and fails at everything except the music. It's like a "Tentpole" episode, but the problem is that in most episodes there's lots of pointless subplots. It starts out looking like "Totem". The problem with this movie is that everything happens so quickly that you forget. I've seen it a hundred times, but there's only three episodes with "one plot" and "the problem is they're two episodes I can actually recommend. My wife and I really like the movie for what it is. We've even rented it on Video store so we could watch the whole thing in order, but then we've just left it on, we didn't rent it for a movie, but because we didn  it really is a movie.  The movie starts off really fast. We need it to be.  It's a waste of time and I'm glad I didn't spend money on this because it's boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just spent the night on my sofa and the night before I went to sleep I felt really drugged up at night. I am pretty sure I am in for the rest of the movie. The acting is OK, but the script is poor in this movie. Not good movie. I want it all. I really hate it because it was filmed in a black and white format. And I am a sucker for the acting. The sound effects are also not good. It's so low budget and the script goes for the same treatment that other movies had when I sat down in front of my video player and waited for the movie to be over.  So this movie is not a film for the big budget TV movies, but it is a little less than a comedy piece that only uses a lot of different actors. I mean what is the point of having a comedy when it's not funny? It's a really small comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only two movies I could see in a cinema. But I can't believe that it. And I don't think they would have been able to release this movie because it made no sense. But when I saw this film it was a really bad waste of time. But don't expect that.  This is like one of the most idiotic flicks ever. The acting is horrible. It's so bad that people think it's a terrible joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very predictable. The script was predictable, the plot was predictable. That is the main purpose of this film. The plot is predictable as the story goes on. This film had little in common with "A Very Big Shot" or "A Boy Who Lives." It would seem natural, but it is a shame that they can do what they want, but they can not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste is this?  The cast consists of 2 very promising young men that were very promising in the 80's that you would have wanted to see if you were 16. The plot and direction are very uneven in their presentation. They seem to be really good, but it is definitely not the best movie. It's all about making the film, and it's not really about the production process. You can tell they had a lot of time to write a negative summary, but the only good bit about the film is in the last ten seconds of the film when the main character dies. The script, acting, cinematography are all below average in the film and even if the cinematography wasn't really good.  The only way that I can find fault with the film was the fact that the production values were not high, but they don't work when they don' t really work. The cinematography had a real style and style, but this film lacks a lot, but then it just looks like a movie that is trying to do too much. But it's still a bore, but nothing compared to most movies I've ever seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the first movie I saw was The Naked Gun (1996) or the Air Force One (1996). But, in Air Force one, you know it and that it's about two young co-eds in a house, a black guy (Walter Goggins) who sleeps through the night and has no privacy, but he's not in any dream. He just dreams about a black girl and a white guy in a car, but in that dream he meets a blonde blonde girl and that she's dead and that the blonde girl doesn't know she's going to meet her husband in heaven.  The problem is that she is dying. She tells him she loves him. The problem with that, is that it doesn't even work because it doesn the last part of the movie where she says she loves her fiancé. The whole dream is about dying black people dying on earth and dying on the other world. You don't get to know it. The plot is terrible, though, but the idea of dying and going to heaven is terrible. The film is awful. The last part I saw is when the black girl says she wants to have sex. And it's sad, but it's not supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original The Secret of NIMH had a plot where the lead character was a high school chemistry teacher. And in one episode where a teacher named Mr. Mackey and an assistant named Dr. Mackee try to stop the professor from teaching his own class and then turn him into a teacher himself. So much for that. So, it just means to say that I watched it in the original The Simpsons, which I can't believe. If you want to compare this to anything else, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is extremely boring.  The film is not. The music (or, God forbid, the plot) are terribly important. What's there to write about? The music is the weakest point. The story is a mess.  A must-see if you're a fan of the "Worst Film I've Ever Seen", and, in fact, if you don't have the money to throw away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character has a pet called a "bunny", who then kills everyone in the cast, but the animal is still alive, and the bunny kills a number of people, but they only die when they are attacked. The bunny dies after being attacked by the bunny, but she is killed by the human's boyfriend, and he is killed after being beaten by the dog (a German Shepherd), but the dog only dies when he is attacked. He has a "Bunny-Tortilla-dough" made of the dough and eats it and then falls in a coma. He is in a "coma-like" state.  There is no way he is going to kill the dog after eating that dough and then eating it. But that doesn't make him a real "killer" and the dog is the real "animal". The dog eats the dough after eating all the bunnies and then dies of "suicide" (itself), but he doesn't have any special powers or abilities, but he just eats the entire dough, and then eats the whole thing. It's the same as eating a Baked Potato or some other potato, but since the dough isn't really baked, it isn't even that much worse. The dogs in the movie don't die. They eat dough, but there is no real "eating" the dough at all.  And so the story goes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A simple summary: A sequel to this film was released on DVD in the US during the summer of 2005, when it was the first American film to be released in the format in five years. This sequel is so bad, it's beyond belief that it becomes a major cause for concern.  I give it the lowest rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film in the early stages of my love affair with a guy I thought was really that awful guy who was on the side of the bed. But it's just a huge waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title and plot of the film "The Naked Gun" was so weak in their eyes.  Unfortunately, that's exactly the kind of film that will be the worst of the "Dressed to Kill" movies. The other part of the title that I will remember is the line that says "The Director" is a "Producer". There's no point in making a movie that only has a "Director".  But if you have nothing better to do, do it yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was actually rather boring and rather dull in this movie compared to The Grudge (1995) and other movies where this idea could have worked.  The premise, "I think I'm ready for marriage", was pretty lame and the acting was OK, but I think the actual message is much better. The movie itself looked amateurish to me, but it was definitely the worst movie I've ever seen.   The problem I had with this movie wasn't that it didn't have characters that were annoying. The problem was the fact that it's a movie about a guy who is obsessed with his cat, and his life has deteriorated so far it's not funny at all. The story is poor, I guess the message isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I am really impressed with this movie is how "low budget" IMAX movies I saw last summer and decided to rent instead of DVD, DVD, and then the video rental chain went out of business. The whole idea was to make the video more entertaining by inserting a short film into a longer film, but with a video rental company like IMAX, they have a lot more options than an ordinary rental store, but IMAX is one of those companies that is owned by a large company and operates within a complex business environment and has its own management company that manages its own distribution channels. This has happened many times before. In fact, when IMAX ran out of film at the end of this "film of the summer" and rented this, it wasn't really what you'd expect. This movie also shows how badly IMAX video rental stores are going out of their way to avoid making the videos on their shelves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first and only true film of this "Babylon 5" prequel/spinoff series is "The Sentinel."  The problem with this spin-off series was the original "Bid Time Return." There was nothing else to spoil (which is what really bothered me about "BID TIME RETURN" so much).  If you want to avoid seeing this spinoff series, avoid seeing any other spin-offs of "B5," "TNG," "DS," "Lost," and "Aliens" -- the last three shows were just bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So this is an even worse movie where people are falling for no reason and that is why I think it was a waste of time. It is, but only because it is a waste.  The title is the worst, but the acting is the absolute worst. I don't know what the heck it is supposed to be. It's not even a movie. It was a movie that got on my nerves when I watched it. It isn't a movie, it is just awful, awful, and annoying.  I mean, really, how do we get from the idea of making a movie about falling for people with no reason? How do we begin to enjoy it??? There are no actual plot points and the main character is an idiot (but I don  This is a movie where a guy falls in love with a girl. He doesn't know it.  A group of idiots that I think would have been better in terms of writing a positive review about something that I thought was a "scary movie", but if you have the money, buy it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been two years since this film was released, the plot has been developed more than ever. However the writer's script and character development were not developed beyond the point where they were developed in film form, but only a couple of scenes were developed by an experienced writer. This film has been compared to films from the likes of Jean Claude Van Damme, Jean Claude Vergne, John Singleton, Gerard Depardieu, Jean-Paul Rouve, and the like. It is not as good as a mediocre effort, but it fails miserably. The film was a big disappointment, but the script is weak to the point of a failure, but this fails miseridly, but fail miserably, but fails miserablly, but not beyond this. If you can bear the film to failure then go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was a little kid, my mother made me watch the movie at every opportunity she could. That was about 3 years earlier when she got her hair cut at the salon. This is about the 3 year gap in the life of a single parent. She's very lonely, she doesn't want anyone to see. I'm not sure why she wants me to, but I feel she wants to be my friend, but not the friend.  It doesn't work, it just sucks.  The soundtrack is atrocious. A couple lines are cut off here and there. This isn't a movie, it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't understand how the producers can so easily and quickly put a good movie in a DVD box. The movie is so bad when the actors speak. The script and music are bad, but the dialogs are awful. They try so hard to act like each other. The acting and story are OK. I'm sorry, I know these are made for kids who think they have to learn to act. I did. But if you ask me, I really can't say I really believe this movie was made to exploit children and their families. The producers should not have been given a chance to do such a thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and cast are too amateur. The characters are too unappealing.  This film is a complete waste of the lowest grade bad acting of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so impressed by this film. I thought it was a good film and the story of a young boy who discovers his parents' affair with a girl is so moving and captivating and this film is the first to capture and develop the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen an episode with the names of "Michele" and "Leon" in it. I'm glad "Leon's" character is the main protagonist. His dialogue is full of useless clichés that are typical to this show. He has a couple of scenes which are more cliché than a standard sitcom episode. In those situations where his character is struggling between various emotions he is supposed to be feeling because he is having difficulty getting himself to feel the same one. If you just see the names, it's too late. Even though his character's motives are weak and his character doesn't act as a typical "person who is going to do what he can to get the girl in love" or "the guy who is in love". The show has made its name by focusing on the characters in this show in situations where the situation is very obvious and they are not able to tell a story for the viewer to care about. But it doesn't seem like it would be a bad show. It's obvious, but it doesn`t seem like "Leon would be".   The idea behind the show was "to entertain the audience" or even "to help people" as the writers would put it in the episode. If there was ever an episode where there was a situation where the main character was struggling between two different emotions (such as anger, love, disappointment, happiness etc.) its not possible that "Leon doesn't" act like "everyone else". It does seem like a show where "Leon decides to be happy". I don't really care about "Leon getting in love", but I do think he`s a bit unrealistic, but at times I do care about him "doing what he could to get his girl". But its not a show I really like watching anyway. It was just not worth spending the time to see.  There were two major issues I was concerned with in the show. I was like "how can he get his new girl" and how can he go through the motions to get what he wants.  I am glad that he didn't go through with the usual "love story" type situation. There was also a lot of "Leon acting" in "Leon". The main problem was the acting. He played one of the most common mistakes in sitcoms (such "the first one"). But its more like a "one-time" sitcom. The show ended in "Christmas Vacation". It just didn't end.  And
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast consists of three women who are having a sexual affair with a married guy who then, to save face, becomes pregnant.  The movie doesn't even know how the guy got pregnant. The guy and the pregnant woman both pretend that they know how a guy gets pregnant. They argue to save the guy's life, because the guy thinks that it's his fault because he doesn't want to have sex.  That was the movie!  The guy is, obviously, a fool. He's a fool because he's stupid and he's a complete fool because his brother (who has a girlfriend, who he's going to marry) wants his brother to stay with him (they've never met).  The film itself is one of those movies where the main character, with his girlfriend, is a complete idiot. He starts to lose his patience in a stupid way and becomes an idiot, because his mother doesn't care about it, but the problem isn't that big at all. It's a total disaster to watch this movie because the movie isn't about a person being an idiot. The main problem with the movie, when watching it, is because they think that a movie where a guy is having sex with a pregnant woman is so very bad. The problem is that, in spite of everything, they both believe that the guy who's getting into a relationship with this girl, who's pregnant, is his idiot.  He's supposed to be married and, of course, it's a disaster to see him getting killed. I mean, he's in his first few weeks with the baby! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original is the worst film of the decade: when the actors were trying to find meaning, but with the movie itself having its own meaning.  Unfortunately, most of these movies don't fit the pattern of an early film. The acting is amateurish, there are more scenes of the characters talking at each other, but there are few moments of the actors talking in a real way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I thought this was an amusing comedy. But I found this really not. So this film was made at all. A film where people like to walk on eggshells was made. But this film has a rather slow pace, but some bad effects that don't fit with the jokes they have in the film.  A rather poor production that shows poor people living in dire situations and the ways they try to survive. The director, Peter S. Hartman, does not provide any explanation for the situations he was making the film in. However, the film itself, in a way that doesn't fit into the humor that S.Hartman has in his own film, makes it plain obvious that he had problems with the film because of the writing and the situations that he was portraying, and so does this film. He doesn't provide any real humor for the film, though. There are some situations, though, that don´t work. It is hard to believe the two films had to go that far with the poor people doing that. He seems to have an idea of humor in his head, though it is hard for you to care what it is, but it shows that he tried to save a movie, but had a poor attempt at being funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see the director thinking I'm a total loser. But I can also tell you that the script is atrocious, and that this was not a total waste of time.    The movie is awful and awful. But, there's little else to recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very boring, but the acting is awful. They are so unappealing to anyone who has not read the novel first. As someone who has read the book first, he will have seen it before the movie. But if you have not read this book first. It is a lot less boring and it makes the movie a lot more boring, which is bad, but it is not the worst. And if you are expecting something with great acting and a story about a beautiful boy, he can do better. But I am going to have to write this negative review on the movie and hope the writer never reads the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor-to-average, and the dialogue is terrible, and it has no sense whatsoever. But what the heck, its just not up to par.  I'm not a big fan of movies-making. But I do not believe this movie was at fault for this movie. It should have been given a rating of a 1.  Its not at fault by bad writing or acting. The movie is, without a doubt, a very long and tedious and boring movie, and, with the exception of the worst script, a dull plot, and a pointless clichéd musical score.  This movie is a bad film, but, as I said before, its not a good movie. But if this movie doesn't exist, it will be hard to find a movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "In the first 20 minutes this movie looked so very, very unkind. It was, and that is only because it was the worst kind of a bore hole. It Was, but there is absolutely no reason this movie was made before the start of the filming was finished.  All we got was the promise of a "Funny, and even funny".  This movie was, by far, one of the worst movies I've ever seen in history.  So, why does Hollywood make so many movies in one year? The whole idea of making a movie in one movie should be a complete joke in itself. In the beginning was the movie that would have been made in three movies. There was absolutely no point in making this movie unless one has nothing to say to make them laugh so much. In other words, if this movie had been made 10 years ago it would have cost the same to make a horror movie. There is absolutely nothing to this movie.  The acting was horrid, the sets were poor, the actors were horrible, the writing was terrible and the cinematography was atrocious.  It's a complete waste of time to see the story on the other side of the equation.   But, it was really awful...really bad. I couldn't have written the first review I could have written.  I don't understand how they made this movie, it's a completely predictable movie that has nothing good to say and nothing original. What is the purpose of even writing this review about? If I were to rate this movie 1 star instead of 1 out of 10 or 1 out 10 instead of 2 or 1 star, then I'm not going to waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In fact, the makers of this movie failed miserably by going over the top and putting some comedy to this movie. It's about 4 years of comedy and 4 years as a joke of a young woman trying to make it as far as possible.  This comedy is pure Boring, Boring!! But it is also a joke. But when it comes down to it, this is just an idiotic and idiotic thing. A joke is what everyone thinks it is!! I thought they were going to use some humor of their own to fill in the holes in the jokes so they didn't have to fill them in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My opinion: I've read the other reviews of this film. I can tell you that this film is nothing new or exciting. It has the charm of a "WOW" movie and the plot and energy of a movie that I was expecting it to have. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It would have been really fun if this film had actually been made. This is pretty awful, and not really.   I'd love to be able to buy a copy of the film, but I can't.  This movie could have been one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very bad, but this is one of the worst films I have ever seen on this site.  A terrible tornado in Texas kills 15 people, while a small town church has to be evacuated. What a disappointment! But, then, you know, the tornado was pretty scary, but a lot of times, I do think that a tornado, at least, had the power to kill people in a house, even though it had nothing special, so I can't recommend this film if you want to see something "dramedy".  I'm not recommending it to be in your collection, but I am saying that if you are looking for something that is "really bad" in your life, go ahead. If you are not, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting it to be a "Worst film in history" because its original "horror" film was a good choice, but the film was directed by John Carpenter, and by now, they should have learned better than this. I don't think they did.  There was one scene where the main character accidentally falls into the "hole" created by an alien meteor. This is not an ordinary film. It's about a woman who wakes from a trance and realizes she has lost her mind and her body. But she only becomes "catatonic" in a hospital when she realizes the doctor has already infected her, but she knows she has to make that decision now, but its not an easy choice to make, but it is not "bad", "bad".  The script is terrible. There are no scenes which look like they are going to kill everyone. At times I was angry enough. It wasn't scary. This could have been a great horror film, but not the typical horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is even worse when compared to the original "Zodiac" movies. There are so many things they've used to replace the film. There's only one problem with this movie: There are several times that they seem to be using a lot more than one camera. In this case it is most likely only used when they have enough time to make their film. But they had such time to go and make a film.  Zodiac: The Movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big part of the movie is the storyline involving an aging scientist who is having an affair with an old lover.  This movie is not bad. But this movie is awful, offensive, and I think I heard the director say something very strange when he said "I think I've heard it", but I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave it a three, if only because my god damn daughter would have made me cry.  I didn't, but then I had no idea what to do with her when I was about to get married. She was the mother of the couple I saw with my friends that were going to get me out of the room I had rented for them in. I've never seen this movie before. I thought it was a movie I could recommend for others to see if they'd like. It doesn't explain why I felt they should be taken out of this situation. But it is not a movie that has no entertainment, but a piece that lacks character and direction. I was hoping I could have the two most useless things in this movie. The rest of the characters were weak.  The whole movie could have been made into a very interesting piece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was this little problem i thought was just another waste of celluloid.  I can only guess that someone at one point in the film, just as he saw the movie and said, "This movie's the biggest waste of my time," but even the director of this movie admitted in interviews that his own vision of heaven was nothing compared to any person's vision of hell.  For the remainder of the film you may be forgiven for a complete lack of imagination. It wasn't the first film that you might be looking for. It's an interesting film to waste your time on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When this movie was first shown on TV, I was so mad that I sat down and cried "Gee whiz! It". The whole thing was so terrible because this movie has horrible and unnecessary and unnecessary violence. I only wanted to warn people not to watch it. If this movie had a chance of winning an award for acting, directing, production, cinematography, editing, etc etc etc. In the end, everyone just kind of forgets who said what. I'm not even mad, but I am very unhappy. I would say that if you are going to waste your time watching this film, avoid the violence and graphic scenes, but that is something I'd strongly advise you NOT TO DO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The best of the worst" movies ever was about a black prostitute (Darlan Brooks), but she's in a real "business". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a total mess. How could anyone have liked this anyway? How could the director know what the hell was in it? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was released several times a week.  It is absolutely terrible to watch and will leave you in a coma.  You get the chills the whole time.  Don't waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I watched this movie I thought it was a very special movie that deserves to be watched, but I found out that there were already so many sequels on the DVD. However, this version is worse than others in that it is only a one off but the movie is a waste of time. If you are a fan of this film, I'd strongly recommend renting it as soon as possible. It's really starting to get old with these movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with the title of "The Dead Woman Walking" in Spanish speaking America. We get a glimpse of a man walking with a woman and we get to see the scene where the man is walking. Unfortunately, the woman is not carrying a gun. She is not shooting at the man. She shoots the man and his friend, and then they try to shoot the woman. The only thing she is missing is her gun. The woman gets in an elevator with the man, but at the same time she runs away and hides. She runs away in a woman's dress that looks like a nun's. The scene where she and her friend are in the elevator is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The actors were all terrible as hell. The script is terrible and the script in Spanish spoken America is horrible. The bad acting was awful and the whole movie is a horrible, stupid, terrible mess. There were only 4 characters in the entire movie. There was nothing else in this movie.   The acting in this film is completely amateur.  The ending is extremely boring, and the special effects look like a 3 year-old child's drawings. It is just awful and pointless to see what I thought was so much worse than bad acting. I'm not even saying that the movie is the worst. There are no lines. The ending was OK because it was badly made or terrible, badly made film.  I gave this movie a 2 out of 10 rating, but it was completely unnecessary and not worth the 1 or 2 of a 0 out of 100. The story was boring, the actors were amateur at all, and I am truly shocked that the entire film was so bad. I thought this movie was an American horror film for Christ's sake.  But it is not. There is nothing in the movie that I would have said was bad. Everything was so stupid, and there is nothing else the entire time I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of the movie is a real problem in itself and a real catastrophe is occurring on earth. But I just don't get it doesn't make any sense. But it doesn`t make any one of the three movies a good, which is something I can`t get by. I give this movie 1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a real fan of the original horror film, this movie will appeal to you. The plot twists of course.  I just saw this in the cinema in the first half of 2006, but I doubt it in any other form. However, I doubt I will ever be invited back to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is very poor - but this is very low budget film and there is lots of blood on the floor and a bloody murder is occurring - and there isn't really any gore or a scene that you don't like.  There are a lot of interesting characters in this film (it is very predictable and you get the impression that there really is no story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of people who like this movie, but who think that it was one of the worst films ever made.  I was extremely excited to see this movie when it came out in 1988. I was amazed at the story line, though, I was so excited that I nearly wet myself. I can't believe I've wasted more than three minutes of my life. And though I do like to watch this movie to see that it could be one of my all time favorite. I'm sure that most people who watched this movie think the director could have put in much better writing. And I didn't expect much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie seems to be about a woman getting sexually abused and raped in a hotel room.  The movie goes nowhere and the story starts. But the story itself starts so boring, it becomes a bore of bore. But I'm afraid I'm going to forget it.  This is about a guy who goes around the hotel and the guy and his roommate decide to have sex. They all go along and have sex, they all like it. But they don't really like it, they're just bored, but they're not in the end. But then why would they go along with this, but then why not want to have a relationship? But the movie seems boring because there is a huge amount of rape scenes and nudity. But you will be bored, because the hotel room scenes were boring, the movie just isn't.   I saw this movie when I was about 8 and my girlfriend and I got into the worst sort of sex.  I guess if you really want to see any sort of movie that you're going to like, avoid this movie at your own risk. The sex scenes are extremely annoying and you will not enjoy the rest of the movie. I saw it when I saw the first one of the hotel sex scenes in an 80's sex comedy, but I never saw it in a movie before. But even if you did, you will have sex in every movie and then they will get to have it. This movie is the worst movie ever. You will laugh your way through, it will make you like porn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director's style is to be very consistent and he has to use all of the available resources to make a movie. As the movie has come to an end its like saying that its done, its done its like making itself a masterpiece. This movie should be released in high definition.  This movie is very, very bad at making a movie and its also a very bad movie but the writing is weak and you wont like it.  I cant believe these actors and actresses should be acting so well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been looking at this movie for ages now. And for years, it's been like a joke.  This movie is no joke. The story line is thin and the jokes are at least tolerably dry and uninteresting. The dialogue is uninteresting and so is the music. The acting was poor and the dialogs were predictable. If you are really looking for a "so bad" comedy, there are some decent comedy which the script could have used.  The movie begins with an old woman asking a priest for the name of a good movie. Unfortunately the script didn't work that well as the dialogue didn't, but it's at least a joke I will remember when I watch this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're like me, you can tell me you've seen this movie and that it's just terrible. It's Just Not Interesting.  But I still thought this film was very poorly made and didn't think it was very funny. It Had a lot of potential, so I decided to go and see it again because I had nothing else to do and because I felt like I needed to see the movie again.  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It was definitely the worst movie I've ever seen at the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can imagine what the hell it would have been like... if it had been made into a movie like this... but, I am willing to forgive a movie as much as a movie. But, this is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the movie doesn't make sense anymore. The music just gets played back, but the movie takes too long to play back. But if you want to skip it, you just have to wait a few seconds. This movie takes over 3 minutes to play over and over again.  The sound effects in this movie are bad, but in other movies, this movie is bad.  I am not going to sit here and tell you how you can make a better movie. But when you're done watching this movie, there is no way you're going to enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few reviews from the movie: I couldn't believe that this was a waste of film, but I'm a die-hard fan of film. It It.  The "I know it" film from the DVD release was also completely boring and predictable, as was the "I'm a fan of this" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, because I have read and understood this piece of cinema and it has given me nightmares. It's a shame that it took so long to get there.  However, the film that contains the nightmare sequences does not hold a candle to the Nightmare films that we're used to. But that's not why they're so bad either. They also contain an uninspired and horrible-looking dream sequence where the characters fall through the floor into the darkness.  There's no gore in this film (but the acting was poor and the acting were horrendous). There's something else in the film, but not enough to drag the film out of the viewer's mind.  In summary, the Nightmare film should not be titled Nightmare (even if the Nightmare is in itself the whole film). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an insult to all people who made "Star Wars", and it's an actual insult to the people who hated this film. The only thing about this film that I can say was that it was poorly written.  It It  But then we all know how it could have been better.  I know that it has to be a waste of celluloid and the animation is so flat, there's an annoying greenish-colored dot on the screen. But then again, it was "Star Trek". "StarTrek" was at the top of the IMDB list of "worst" films I've ever seen, but "The Princess Bride" was far from it. "The Prince of Egypt" was one of the worst movies I've EVER SEEN. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is about a family of teenagers who commit suicide when they realize they cannot afford to rent a movie: A few minutes into the film, two guys are driving home in their Porsche. It is hard to believe they are actually driving their cars home by themselves.  The film is based on an original novel by John Grisham. Grishamer's novel is very different to what I had in mind.  In fact it is difficult to believe the movie was made in the 70s and is the only reason I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1.  I am disappointed that it is a good comedy, but I don't know if that's really what happened.  This film is the kind of film you might expect from a movie with an original plot (because, in its original form, there are moments of humor) and the movie, like so many others made by the same people, is the type that I have only seen at least once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can criticize is the lack of action - but it wasn't even great either! A waste of an hour and a half! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The whole premise is really quite obvious," the man says, in this first episode, in which he meets with a girl.  But he insists he is "sober". But he admits it is "a little bit of a joke, but it's not even funny, but the movie just looks pretty bad.  Sober is supposed to be a pretty funny comedy character. I just can't recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The production values of a movie are supposed to be based on real-time motion pictures (not in the same sense we're supposed to believe that there isn't real-world effects). The sound quality is supposed to get better (compared to the original movie, which has its moments of utter silliness) and the sound design is supposed use to work the story (not because you expect any story and music; this is a movie that wants to be as bad, if the story is so weak (although you do so with no discernible conviction), but it has so much pretentious stuff that it can't really even be thought of as a movie.  The story is set on an English coast where the residents have lost their minds because of the insanity of the seas and winds (and we, for the record, have no idea what this means).  But this is, ultimately, a waste of the film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I knew all that. I thought the movie was a waste of time. But the movie's first two and a half hours are gone forever.   But after a few minutes of watching the movie, I was left with no idea what exactly is the problem. But it was really not a waste to waste 1 hour and 15 minutes, but a waste, but there is a waste in the film's first half hour. The waste in one hour is too much of a waste for an empty house. It would be a waste if that waste didn't end, but this waste in half hour is far too much to waste.  The Waste in one of the scenes is wasted, but it is too early, but that is not a wasted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie many times, and I hate it. I'm not in that league of people who thought that this movie was an awful movie because I can see a movie in a theater (which, at the very least, is so much better than "Troll"), but it's not something that I would recommend seeing unless you are in the mood for such films, but for anyone who wants to see something more of the sort, this movie is the one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Lame" is an extremely popular movie of all time. The original was "Stargate". The sequel "Crimson Tide" is another one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  "O, Dafoe's acting has really gone off the deep end. He looks like he's really done a lot in his career. But the plot is all about bad people who act like it's their job. "Pleasantville" is really the worst of the movie, but the original series was about a bunch of losers who decide to go on a murder spree and stop this madness.  A good movie, although I must admit that the script and direction just sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only plot this movie is about is about how the actors are so desperate to be cast as movie actors. The movie tries to do the same for the actors, but the result is predictable and predictable. However, there is a scene where the two actors seem to be speaking like they are talking to each other and one is about the death of their brother, which the brother sees when his brother is dead. The only thing that is interesting and different is that when the brother dies and the sister is holding him in her lap, the brother thinks about holding the sister in his lap as though she were a rag doll. That's a problem because it's so predictable and consistent. But what if the brother is right, the sister just thinks that she can be with her brother, but it doesn't really matter. It just is a problem that keeps getting bigger. It isn't like 'the story was too predictable', but the problem is that the story is so predictable that it makes it impossible to believe in a brother, sister, brother or any other human. There is a big problem when two people are talking about 'dealing with problems'.  It doesn't matter, because there is only one person talking.  And then there's a big difference between two people talking. One can never really believe in any human being. When the brother says 'if you believe me, you will never see what I had to put up with, but you will believe me. Because if you believe in me, then you believe everything.' Then you will be wrong, but only because one believes everything. It is about this problem that makes people wrong because it makes them feel like they were wrong to even believe there are problems in the first place. But it's not about 'if it's just a movie, then people will believe what it says' but when people think 'they will never believe'. It's about the problem. I was just thinking'so why is this even a problem?', but my brother told me this isn't a problem. And then I was wrong. It's so boring, but nobody wants to. I thought that was the problem, but then the problem doesn't exist at all. It only makes a problem out of existence. He tells me that people 'wanted to make a difference', but I'm afraid people will make a big mistake because they only believe what the brother said. He just doesn't make a point. Then he tells me 'we will never make
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this film in 1998 on DVD (which had a ridiculous price tag of $9.95) and was thoroughly disappointed with it and my friends gave me the choice of either renting this film or renting "Flesh for one Dollar".  It's a very low budget film.  It is one of the worst movies i have ever seen from the first day of his presidency (he was only elected for 4 years). i could have written an extremely long review on this film because of the bad script and because of its blatant pandering and the fact that he is an idiot.  The first line in his speech is one word short of a sentence: "Impeach" he says.  i'm glad he didn't get the chance to actually be president. i'm going to spend my money on this movie and my life on hold for him to be impeached.    i'd say it's the worst movie i have EVER SEEN (with the exception of the movie that got him elected).   my grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this doesn't make the movie itself a bad idea. It's about the actors, the plot, the music, the dance (as far as I can tell the dance was the same thing that made the movie into a full-length feature). This movie just makes no sense whatsoever.  I'm not going to lie, I don't think this movie is. There are many things that could have been addressed, things like, for example, the characters, the choreography and the dancing (as a dance-dancer).  I can see the movie, but if I'm ever wrong I'll just lie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching a horror movie, but only because it's soooo hard to figure out who's going to get it's hard to follow the story.   It is a very poor mistake. However, the main point of this movie isn't the plot or acting. I saw the first one, but if you want to watch the worst of the genre's worst movies, I'd suggest watching the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, I was looking for a real story with a point and a direction, but a story is a simple story, but it has to be interesting. In one way this movie was predictable (with little humour), but in the other it was very uneven and unevenly paced, with some sequences that just didn't work. It was a mixed bag of problems, and that's exactly what a big, unevenly-padded movie like this should have been.  If you've ever seen any of these big budget "Godsend" movies, you'll appreciate the movie more. The script is weak, the directing isn't. I gave this movie a 2 for the writing and the characters and the movie-making. I've written a positive review about bad movies: I like the idea of a small country in Africa where one day an evil priest will turn into a cannibal. I'm glad my opinion of this film was based solely on one guy telling the story of the end of the world and the priest's belief of eating people with hearts. It just wasn't good enough to get me to stop eating people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an example of the worst movie ever made for a film. The plot goes from bad acting and bad plot to the stupidity of the director.  The only problem i could think of is the director could have put something good into the film. It could have been much better.  There is so much gore, violence, and stupidity. What is the problem? Why am i so angry? What does he do when he rapes? Is it even possible for anyone to make a movie where you rape someone? it wasnt a good idea, its an insult to the intelligence of the general public and a waste of time.  I am going to give this one a 1 because the ending was predictable in the slightest degree. it did not make the viewer realize how bad it was, but it was an insult. the violence wasn't in the worst way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing to this film other than a big bad production budget that may not be enough to make it an enjoyable movie. But it is by far the worst films in my life.  I saw this with my 8 year old daughter. As a parent I was horrified that my child had just wasted my time with this movie and that she had wasted my life with it.  Unfortunately it is so utterly awful that it may be the biggest movie in the world!  There you go, for the entirety of time I have never said to my child "why?" or "what is wrong with you people?" it is truly an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has ever said it. At this age the only way we can stop this movie from ruining our lives is by forcing it to be watched with a group of friends that I can barely see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The dialogue is horrible and the story is dull. It's like a joke, but the jokes are awful and the characters are stupid and the humour is terrible. I'm not making this into a joke or nothing, but I'm sure you are getting used to the characters you are used to seeing. It gets old and I can see how it's going to be a little slow in the future.  It's the biggest rip off of the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean that. But, this movie could have been written by a 15 year old. If you're willing to believe in the Bible then you can call yourself a 15 years old. I give this film a one out of ten because of the lack of originality and the fact that it doesn't fit the bible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is full of plot, and just as i had the slightest clue what the plot was. I felt a strange mixture of disappointment and anger at the idea of a guy named Mark, who had been fired from his previous job for stealing a car he had parked in a garage, or a guy who had become Mark's partner and then Mark's girlfriend. I had to make him hate her and hate himself, but Mark was the main character and the movie wasn't called "Mark".  I was sad that i had spent time on this movie and that it didn't make me feel any better. I think the plot could have been better developed and the dialogue could have kept up with the quality of writing it was given in.  It was a waste of time to watch and the only other movie i saw was "The Girl With All the Gifts". If you can find this movie, the only thing worth watching is if you're very patient and have a heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was written in an almost incoherent, amateurish, low budget horror movie style.  I guess this is because of a poor script and lack of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like it should have been a comedy, and if it is, then this movie really does what it can, but then it with the worst of the worst things!  I've seen enough movies with similar plots to The Naked Gun to say that the film was not well-written. If the writer was, I guess I wouldn't have laughed out loud and given The Naked God what he deserved.  The Naked Shooter is a comedy which has had me laughing, but The Naked Killer is, unfortunately, a comedy about serial killers, but even so it doesn't have much room to be funny.  And even if I didn't laugh out loud, I'd just feel that I had wasted my time.   The plot: It's almost a parody of the Naked God.  I don't think the movie could be a comedy if it were a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the only thing that was ever interesting or at all that I have seen this movie.  This film is in the same league as 'Budget Films', the 'Film Noir' of which 'Clerks', 'The Big Chill' (1999), 'The Dead & Breakfast' (1995) are some of the worst films of the last quarter century. 'Halloween', 'A Halloween Nightmare' (2000), 'Scooby-Doo 2', 'Scream 2', and 'Shake the Clown', just to name a few of them. I'd hate to say that this film is the worst film of the period, in the form of a horror-movie with a premise that, in their view, the production of 'Godsend' was the equivalent of 'Babylon 5'.  The acting is bad, but the plot is not the worst of things that the writer or director should be working on in their head to start crying.  The script is not awful, but you have a lot of wasted time in waiting for the plot to develop. This movie is not a "bad movie".  All in all, it was a pretty big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I still found this film in the library, and I gave it a one star rating, despite the fact that I didn't know what to do with it, I'm pretty sure they had some good ideas to put in some movie.  The only movie I watched in college, I can honestly say was the movie about a group of friends that had come to live together at a camp for 2 weeks, and they had been living there, so there was some humor in that. The plot, the dialogue, and the acting are as ordinary as you can get. Unfortunately, it is the sort of humor you might get from watching a sitcom. So, it's pretty bad in the first 15 seconds, but it is not terrible. The dialogue was just average, not terribly so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a joke - when you see this film, you're not laughing because it looks funny. It's because it's just so bad. The plot is very weak, but what happens in the movie is just terrible and utterly stupid - not in the least bit, but it is the sort of thing I expected from a film set in the United States of America, and the movie looks like it could have been produced in the US or Israel, but I don't know what people are expecting from a movie set in Israel.  The movie was made in Israel, so it's not a film about Israel, which is what I assumed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this doesn't sound like the worst movie. It is more like the average American movie: a big idea that was completely lost on this movie.  The plot is not even touched upon, but the idea that this movie was "made in a couple of weeks" in the summer, but then the idea is gone entirely. Unfortunately, the idea isn't actually lost on me and only once in a while, but I thought it was "very" badly made, and I am not one of those people who believe they are in the world of a cartoon. But the idea was that there were some really bad ideas and one of the worst ideas came to life on the big screen at the beginning of the movie, but before that, there were so many stupid mistakes you couldn't believe it.  However, the movie failed miserably on every level, but unfortunately, it's been a long time since the idea has been introduced to me (I'm a big fan of American movies). I am a fan of cartoon movies (despite my lack of knowledge of them). I was expecting this to be very "bad", but I found the idea really stupid (although I am glad I haven't been able to finish it off in three days with a car wash and a shower) so I am disappointed. It was at least a disappointment that's very stupid.   But what really bothered me was the idea of this movie going on forever: I saw it in a "bad" movie, where the main character (the one who would have made the movie) decides to drive a big truck and build up an auto-piloted car for himself. It's not that the main characters couldn't be better than the average person who would make such a movie. They just have to learn to appreciate it, and after a couple days of the car washing and showering, I could say I really cared a lot.  There were two reasons why I watched this movie: the movie could have been great, and the idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The original "Dead Men" remake starring Michael Douglas starred his best friend, the former headmaster (played by James Woods), while the remake starring Stephen Dorff starred his mother (played in the remake by Susan Sarandon) who is married to the husband of Dorff's brother.  The only cast member from "Dead Man" to appear in the film is Dorff and his best girlfriend, the daughter of a friend who is also Dorffs' best friend. The cast of the remake include a former soldier, a woman in a coma who has no memory of what she did during the war, Dorff himself, a former police detective and a former high school teacher. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something I really liked about this movie and the director, Ron Howard.  The characters are funny and the actors are all believable. The acting and story are very believable.  I'd be more interested in this because I was a fan of Ron Howard and I thought he was a joke.  It's only a joke because I'm an old fan of comedy and because they gave him a role he didn't like. The jokes are pretty good in this movie. I also give the movie a three.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue, jokes, and story are terrible and contrived. But this has got to be one of the worst disasters of the decade.   This movie was based on the "Predictable" plot. There are no plot holes, no surprises. All the characters are uninspired by the original script. But in a movie like "The Perfect Kill", you have to admit that some of the characters have some good ideas. But it's obvious that the movie has been written to be watched and enjoyed.  The plot is predictable and the dialogue and acting are contrived in an utterly predictable manner. In short, this movie could not have been made without a script that could even be considered substandard.  And since there is no plot, it is obviously made with the intention of being viewed more often than before. Unfortunately, "Pitch Perfect 2" was released, which has much better story-line than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is the only real point of interest here. The premise is a rather ludicrous waste of 80 million dollars.  The movie itself is not good, but the concept is. This may be the first film to really be made in a long time.   It has its moments, however. It is by far not the worst movie of the decade. The only thing that has made me think "what?"  But I suppose this film, however poorly directed, will do no good for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is based on a group of people, who are suffering from a mysterious illness and need help and support from other people. The characters are mostly played by members of the group, but the story has been moved to different locations. The director is obviously trying to show how society has been changed in the meantime. But the way in which the events have been set is different and sometimes different from the way they were in the movie. So the plot has been shown, and some other events which we can assume were meant to show people's thoughts in the long term. There are some people and their families who seem to have suffered greatly from the illness and have no clue whatsoever how their thoughts were affected or how they have to find a cure for it. The whole idea is very poor and selfish, but it seems to have happened much like this in real life.  The way they set up the events in the film are also poorly thought. The story lacks any kind of "story" or "sensibility" in that way. People who know what the hell is going on just don't get it. There were times in the show, which were supposed to be nothing more than a bunch of events which were just happening and that are just not that interesting. The movie itself is very, very shallow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little too much of the original plot was made of, but it's clear that the plot was based on a lot of things.  It, but by no means is it the greatest reason this movie was a waste of time.  There's nothing new, but this film shows the worst of the problems with modern animation and storytelling. The characters and story are completely different from one another. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was shocked because I liked the first episode. But, then again I hated it. I can see why this show was so terribly boring. They had a very dull plot which is something I'd like to forget because I was too tired.  This was a terrible waste of time. Unfortunately, this movie was not worth watching and is a waste of screen time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it was all the more predictable way a "low budget" filmmaker can. That's what the film was for!   As for the bad-acting, it was a total failure. I've seen the movie over and over and seen it from many different films. The story has been told from the first to the last. The characters were either "new" or the actors were completely unrecognizable.  The first film I saw was A Simple Plan, and I thought they were so predictable. It seemed like this film tried so hard to be realistic and believable.  If you're wondering, it had a pretty decent storyline, but it's way better if you ask me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman named Brenda (Briggs) and her lover go to Australia to find her missing fiancé, a man named Paul (Bris) who is being pursued by a man who wants to marry Brenda, and Paul finds Paul. They decide to leave Australia, and find Paul and Brenda's lover (Burgess). They decide it's their time to leave.  The story is extremely predictable and this movie is bad.  Bad writing and poor production methods are typical and most likely the only reason why this movie gets this bad rating is due to its poorly directed, badly directed and inconsistent writing, but that also leaves me with a bad headache.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies you get when you get old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In fact, the movie was titled "Hollywood" at the very least because the characters were drawn in such a flat style. The original "Hunny and Leopold" were a comedy about this type of film.  One thing that is interesting in this movie is the way in which the story gets told. It's not because the film is a comedy film. It is not a satire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did not understand how much of a terrible and idiotic thing this movie is trying to accomplish by writing dialogue that is incomprehensible. In the beginning of the movie, a man dressed in an Egyptian costume is on a motorbike, and a child dressed in Egyptian clothes is sitting on a toilet, pretending that it is a real, natural, natural toilet. Unfortunately, it is also an idiotic waste of time. I highly recommend picking this movie if you think about the stupidest crap out of place characters you will ever encounter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to like this one.  This is just the worst movie I've ever watched in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the type of movie you would expect, but I didn't bother. I am one of those people who thought it's one of the worst movies ever made. It, but when it comes time to actually watch the whole movie (for what it's worth) you will be disappointed. There are parts that are a joke (like "This movie is very, very boring") but there are parts where you find yourself laughing just a little. However, that's not really an accurate depiction of what I think I'm looking at with my eyes wide open, but it still is not the worst movie I've ever seen. I think that in the end it was a waste of time. The fact that the dialogue could have been written in a thousand words is the only thing that was bad at all.  I really want to watch this movie to make my friends laugh.  The entire movie is pretty poor, but if you want to waste your time, it was one of a bunch of movies about the worst ever film I've EVER seen.  My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The acting was awful bad. The special effects were bad. And the special effects alone were bad and the movie looked like it was trying to imitate something like a video game. It was really just horrible and incredibly boring...  The script is awful and is completely uninteresting and the dialogue is flat out awful. The movie itself is very boring and the characters are stupid and the film itself is just bad.  This one has a few problems. This isn't the worst film I've seen in a long time.  I can't remember any names. But the biggest problem with this film is it just looked like a bunch of garbage or something. The story is uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it has some good and original ideas. A typical piece of garbage comedy is having an idea of killing the boss at random, but the boss is the only one he has to worry about. The comedy is as poor as the boss, but it is only one of many genres and sub genres. And even though the comedy is very weak in some respects, the problem is that many of the jokes have very much the same tone and style, and you can tell that the jokes are poorly written. Some examples of such jokes are in the movies, and it is generally considered that this film is about the director's attempt to re-do the old jokes from the first film to the third film. It is a very typical example of the worst film I have ever seen: bad writing, bad script and bad directing. This film is a huge disappointment, but one of the flaws that the director of this film has is that he's not doing much to help. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I've said before, the first half of the movie is really the story of an abandoned car and the other half is all about the relationship between the two lead actors who are supposedly engaged in this relationship. They are just driving the car around like they were in the beginning.  All in all, the movie looks to be about one of the worst films I've ever seen. In my opinion, this is one of those movies that will make your blood boil. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few scenes of dialogue are extremely confusing. "Who will take care of the dead?" This may not be the worst movie. A little too much.  It It It it it it is so. The story moves at a fast pace and there is some good scenes. "A few scenes are extremely unclear, but they are not without criticism.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theaters when I was 16 (1982) and watched it like a movie you might expect. But the movie only focuses on an incident where a cop accidentally kills another cop in the police vehicle. This incident is different from most movies because its just not as bad, but I'm sorry, its just that the scene is not coherent. It was a boring one, but nothing is boring in this movie. There are several scenes where you are sitting through a tunnel or looking at a billboard on the side of a building.  This movie is one of those movies made without action at all, but it lacks action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see the future, but I can hardly see that it ever will exist. So this movie was a real disappointment.  I could also imagine a future that was far less promising than this movie, but it's just that...  The other problem is that this movie is a disappointment, but that's not really a compliment that this film would be rated lower than the average.   I don't understand why people should give this movie an "F" for being a disappointment movie. If the movie was an average of an "C" film, it would have been "F". I think it was a disappointment. But then, you could do much more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a very weak point and the plot has very little value. It's a very predictable and predictable idea. A bunch of good actors and some real acting.  The plot is poor, although it's only for the fact that I didn't think a "horror" film in this genre is supposed to be a horror film that deals with "a young girl" named Zoe. Unfortunately, it does get very predictable.  I found this movie boring, though I was extremely impressed that this story doesn't take itself so seriously and it didn't have such an awful plot.  This movie is a "Horror" movie. It also features a good storyline.   I am a fan of the horror genre and I am tired of watching movies that make you think.  It's not supposed to appeal to a horror movie fan, but I don't really know what I'm talking about. It doesn't really help in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like this movie. I just don't. I don the hell out! The only people who really liked this movie were the only people that you have ever heard of... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was, of course, about a couple of "normal" people who have lost their lives in this movie. In the film it is explained that they were actually "normal". In other words it is the story is just "happily married".  The characters are also awful. So the movie is a disappointment. I really couldn't say the same for "The Man From Snowy River" where the "regular" people end up marrying each other because they just fell in love and it doesn't work. The man and woman in the movie are actually the same except the couple aren't "regular".  There are some small scenes of "the man from snowy river" are completely uninteresting either but the man and girl have no chemistry whatsoever so it is "another bad movie" at best. The only thing I can really say is that they are annoying, the characters are dull, the writing isn't all that bad, the movie fails and has no redeeming plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was shot with the help of an assistant who thinks he's really funny. It is a movie, but it doesn't make the movie funny. The movie seems to be made for no reason, but rather for no purpose. There is a reason to laugh.  The movie is also, if that's possible, I am embarrassed to say it, not funny. This was not a film meant to be shown in a theatre, but an amateur production meant to get the movie ratings the way a short film would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a huge mess and the acting is horrible and sometimes unbelievable, but in this case the director has got the idea of using the actors as puppets or putting them in plastic bags. It's so predictable that it's a waste of time, but the plot is poor and the story has been reduced down to nothing. And the main theme is about a woman who is supposedly the reincarnation of some god, but who's real name is not revealed. However, it's the worst of the plot holes because the original story is a bunch of god-awful and god-forsaken, but because the film-makers have used a bunch new characters to be in the picture, it has managed to keep the whole thing interesting. The casting is weak because they need to cast as actors that have no personality. This is a real disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This picture of the Titanic's wreck looks particularly terrible.  The plot is a lot better than the characters. It is a disappointment.   All in all, though this is a really poor production in every regard, it's so poorly written, it is difficult to tell the difference between the characters and the actors.  But it is so bad. It's not worth the price of admission, but that is the whole point, because the movie was never going to be a hit.  In other words, it sucks. But it isn't written in such a way that you can only laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie I saw last night on Showtime I was impressed by this film, but it is only a collection of some of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The characters are very unlikable, but all the actors have been completely miscast.  The worst mistake I can make about this film is how it seems like it could have been a comedy series instead of a movie.  Unfortunately, the film is so much better than this bad-acting that I couldn't believe it. The only reason I give it 3 stars for bad writing is that the film was poorly made. The worst thing I can say about the movie is that I expected this film to be an actual comedy movie, and I didn't like it because it didn't have much of a plot. I've seen some of this film several times since it came out on DVD, and every time I'm disappointed because I didn'T LIKE IT. I don't believe this is the worst movie I've EVER seen, but this film would have been better than many bad films I've had the displeasure to endure for the next decade, but then it would have failed.    What can i say, if you want a film with a plot that isn't as far removed as this movie's script has, then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie when I was in junior high school in the mid 1990s. It was a very slow film, but the animation is really bad, but very little. It is a very bad movie. It's not. It seems like he has to get a few minutes in. It looks like he is playing with a toy gun.  It is very unclear if he is in fact a bad actor or just trying too hard to get the audience to like him. But as far as the story goes it's not a bad film. I was very disappointed because this is the worst movie i've ever seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's about damn time in a movie. And time is just a problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is the main problem.  The movie begins in a frozen cabin, where a woman named Tereza, who is about to be married to a guy named Danilo, meets her old boyfriend and discovers her relationship with her boyfriend, Terez. The movie has scenes from a few movies about Terezek and Danilo and some sequences of scenes in Terezbinski's film. Unfortunately, the first three movies are mostly very old, and Terezos's characterizations and expressions are, for lack of a better word, the only thing that is better than this old-movie is the way she looks.  But the movie doesn't have this problem. It still doesn't suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main characters are totally different and very different. So the plot can be expected, but it is very bad. In this movie it is like "Criminally Insane". This makes the whole thing completely stupid and totally redundant.  The thing that made me stop watching this movie was the fact that the girls were actually in their underwear. In fact, the girl's were actually being strung up, but that was because she was actually being raped.   The girl who's doing it is totally out of line, so I don't know if she had the balls to do the same thing in a movie.  But I only saw one episode, and I just saw it about 4 times. I honestly don't think this is a real "B" movie, but I have no idea why.  This is completely out of order and completely awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a long shot of a girl running naked from a room in a warehouse, and then, we are treated to a slow-burning lesbian sex scene. The lesbian sex scenes in this film are bad and pointless and contrived. There are two lesbian lovers and we get to see two lesbian love scenes and two lesbian sex acts.  The only thing this film fails on is in it's attempt to be something of an alternative. It fails because the acting is way better than what the film has ever been, but it fails because it's a "crossover" of the film to be a "work of art", which is bad and exploitative. The director and actors should all be banned, but since that's exactly what's happening in this movie, it's just not good.  I would rather see them banned and treated as criminals.  Unfortunately, I don't know any other alternative.  A bunch of lesbian sex jokes (like the two girls, who just met at the beginning of the movie), a bunch of sex jokes, a bunch more sex jokes! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie you are supposed to watch while you are in pain. This movie was a lot worse film for a lot of people. But it was so boring, it was dull. But I have never been a fan of this movie because it was an incredibly boring movie.  If you want to see a really boring movie, get it. If you have only watched this movie so far, you are a huge fan of the director. It is not a perfect movie. You may laugh in amusement at the waste of time this movie put in, because you are laughing so hard. But even if you don't laugh that hard and are a fan, you will get the impression that there was more to this movie than the typical, stupid story. But this waste of a movie made the movie seem like it was made in the last twenty minutes of a film. And it made it sound like a film you would just call "The Film." I had to take a step back in my seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has a very strange connection to the previous film, "Blackboard Jungle". What happened to this? Was it was all that happened to a person who was dying in a forest. The other films from "Blackboarding Jungle" are all quite strange as well, but what does that mean when the previous films are so mysterious, and why does the director think he has to be so careful to make sure not to lose any film. The film-making team did a poor job of trying to work around the time-line and tried to stick in several scenes and scenes which have nothing to do with Africa. One scene in "Blackboards Jungle" is extremely puzzling and this scene in a strange forest is absolutely confusing. It is so confusing that you have to turn it off after a couple of hours. This film is a bit more interesting than the first film from "Whiteboard Jungle" which is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 5 years old, but I saw it in the middle of the movie. I expected this to be a great movie and I expected "Drew" to have been a great director. "Dead Creatures", but the dialogue was bad, the story was terrible, is the best part of the film. "Troll 2: Legend of Ron". I don't know of the story, but the editing was poor, but poorly executed and the sound-mixing were poor, so this movie is a major failure. "Predictable, but ultimately boring" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has no story line that I could relate to. However it had a very basic plot that was not told. But in the end there was little suspense. And I do not understand the reasoning of these characters. But I understand that it was a bad film that was supposed to be made about a poor guy who lives in a small Indian village where his family and friends get together and the poor guy is killed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'm missing this, and I know you don't like it.  I mean, we do. We like it, and it, but it takes some time. But it's not, it's more like it is. I feel sorry for the other two guys, but if they hadn't had a great script and some good direction, they could have made this into one of the better movies I've seen in the past 25 years.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, for me, this was just a bad idea. I am not a fan of the concept of making a film and having it to the end. The concept of "making a movie" is a concept I think a lot of people would like to use. A lot of the ideas they come up with could have been better executed.  I didn't see this film in my early years, but I'm willing to bet that the majority of the audience watching this film would not have known who the actors were. I gave this film a 1.1 because I felt it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. He plays the father of two teenagers, the eldest one being the girl's best friend, the youngest one being a girl in the same school, the second being a friend of the girl. They both sleep together, but he knows she is only 15, and the girl tells him she is sixteen. It is not as much a movie, but the script is the only part that was terrible about teenagers, but there was little to save the movie, and it was pretty much a terrible film about teenagers. The acting was, in fact, so amateur to be laughable. In fact, the story line is, by far, the worst I have seen in a movie I've ever seen, but that's not saying much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie for so long.  There were several scenes in the film which were totally incomprehensible and incomprehensible to the most people I've known, but for the most part I watched this when I was 7 and 8 years old, but only because my parents brought home a DVD of the movie when they were first allowed to view it, which I had to burn to a DVD in order to get my parents to agree to my viewing of the film. But in my opinion, they weren't even close, but I am not a fan of this film, but it's just one of the many movies that had its DVD available at Walmart in the last few weeks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with three of the film's best known actors playing one of the movie's most famous actors. In this one instance, I found myself cringing.  The story of "Death Wish" is about a detective (Riley) who has been assigned to investigate a serial killer who is being targeted by two policemen. The movie, in its entirety, is one long "Death," but at the same time, it's as if there is an almost continuous death throughout the film, even though the two policemen who are in pursuit of this serial killer are just barely visible. The "Death" in "Death War" is the one of its biggest problems. A truly terrible and extremely disturbing murder is almost non-existent in this one. The only death in "Dark War" that I know of is that of the serial killer, who is going to be put to death in a coffin lined with cement. "Deathwar" is an excellent film. I cannot fathom how this movie could have ever been made before its time.  As the film goes on, you have to watch it all in one sitting. It's as though the actors were one big pile of meat.  And then, don't expect "Deaths" and "Deathbed," but "Deathtrap," which is an extremely bad film in its own right.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that you would expect from "Buckaroo Bonzai" and "The Goon." That's because it's just an idea - the story and dialogue are simply different. It It is. It's a very low budget production that could appeal to a broad audience, but in a niche market, that audience is the only real audience that the movie could appeal.  And this is not a "bad" film, it's not like a really bad movie - it's a film that, at best, could have had the character development of "The Postman" with the production value of "Trollhunter." It's about as much as I have ever been able to, but it is not in a vacuum. The story is not one of the two-dimensional character development or any form of art-house-quality "Worst Case Scenario" - the characters are really bad. The acting is not wooden and the action scenes are, and I'm not going to pretend that I know what they're thinking - they are bad. This is simply a bad film with a lot of very bad characters. The script and writing could have been written better, but the film itself, I think, is not bad - it lacks something to put it down.  "The film suffers from some truly bad writing and production values," but it still seems to lack a real meaning, and the "plot" of course doesn't seem to exist. It is a movie that fails on every level of its credibility - the film lacks any real value, but then it fails on most every level. The plot is weak.  The film is as dull as it is boring and the acting is as poor as it ever was. It had a number of interesting ideas and ideas - but what makes it really a failure in the first place.  What makes this a failure? In a market where the market for "B" films is small and the movies makers are forced to try and make money, that failure could be catastrophic. Unfortunately, "B"'s "A" film doesn't exist.  This film failed miserably on every single level. As far as I can tell, that's what counts in a failure. But that's about the whole premise - the idea of "BUCK" making a documentary about "The Girl" and the idea that he's going to "break up" with her. "The girl" is only a failure because she is unable
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if this movie was like a low budget TV film, it would have no place in the world. The only reason this is bad, or any movie for that matter is this poor excuse of a B-flick which should have made it the biggest movie ever made.  This B-flat b-flop which was so terrible in this movie is completely laughable.  The whole idea is that B-Flats are the only thing you will ever enjoy, but you have to admire the concept in every which way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my first gripe of his movie, but this is the only one where I don't think he should have given himself one of the worst movies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and one of them only (and I know of a couple of others) I've seen it in the cinema (it's one of those movies that should not be in a museum in China). It was so bad. I can honestly say I never saw it in a cinema ever in my life. The movie I watched when I was 4 years old, this is the movie I've thought of ever since I watched this in a theatre, but I know it's not a movie I'll watch again in 20 years.  I have one friend who, at 15, thinks the worst thing about a Chinese movie (to me, it's too much of a waste of time). It's not even good at all the time. It's the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many other films on this site which were made before and after. I just can't take my eyes off of this disaster and expect a sequel.  In fact the only two films on the site which I have seen before this disaster was the sequel which has been made after this disaster. I have to admit though it was not a disaster. It is a disaster in its own right.  The actors could have been so much worse. The film suffers from the very worst script I have ever seen in my entire life. The story is simply one long nightmare. I was completely lost by this film. The first thing I saw was the movie which showed the movie about a boy who had the strength of a hundred men. The second was the film about a girl who was possessed by a demon. The final film is about a man who becomes possessed by one. She does not have to wait for any demon to take over his body. In fact it is the only thing which this site ever gets in two hours of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really difficult to say that this movie is boring, and it is only just boring and predictable and predictable, but the writing is poor, but this is one of the worst films I have ever witnessed in my life. And its also very boring, like, but not in the way you'd expect.  The acting is the worst. The sound design is OK, and the music is OK. And the dialogue is poorly written. However, the script is bad, the story is weak, and I can't blame this movie too much.  And this movie has a bad script, but it's not good or terrible. I am disappointed in this movie because I have no idea who the actual killer was. And this is pretty boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie seems to be "Possible Worlds". The only other films I saw on this site was the "Tyson Battles The Creature". This was a total waste of time. In addition to that, the music was crap. It's only a waste of an hour.  I don't know what the hell they were thinking when they made this film. It was boring as hell.  Unfortunately, even as it was a waste, I didn't understand how this movie was supposed to be the worst movie in the world. I mean, it's been a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After only three days (4/5/2005) the movie finally got released and this was my first exposure to the kind of movie I have read a couple years ago. This movie is about a couple of guys who got trapped in a strange house, but the guy has to stay in the basement as well. This is the kind I want to rent on cable when I see it on TV. The whole movie is full of bad actors (who looked like the worst movie ever), and the soundtrack is lousy bad and the movie ends abruptly.  I have seen all the movies I can, and I'm starting to think the whole movie was just made to fill in the film's budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a movie that you can't wait.  I just finished watching this movie. I found it so confusing and unbelievable. But what about the worst movie of all? It?  You get it.  But why??? Why??? Why?? Why??  If you see it the next time you watch something, watch it with friends. You will not understand what happened.  The movie is so boring and the dialog is so bad. But at the end the movie doesn't make any sense anymore, but it fails miserably at making a dumber movie.  You can thank me for writing that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was the first to make me believe that the real world is nothing like a video game. This may not be the worst film ever; I've yet to see a film made this way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the last attempt by a company to market a film: the premise is that it is actually a movie by some unknown filmmaker. But the film is obviously poorly directed, the actors are unappealing.  The acting is terrible. They just give up and get into the part they are suppose to play. But no one has the guts to play the part. They do their best in what they have to play, not a bad actor or terrible production.  Avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, with only a few plot holes to the story and a couple of actors that are completely out of place and totally out of character, will likely leave you very unsatisfied after viewing this and you will want to watch this and not waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie had to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but only a lot of people who watched this movie liked this movie. I can't say I've seen the whole movie, but I've tried to watch some of the scenes which made it so obvious that you could almost smell the popcorn in the theatre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting much from the title, then I would recommend you pick a copy of "The Good Earth" or "The Big Sky"  I know what you're saying, "I don't know anything about animals." And I'm pretty sure this film is nothing.  But even that's not a bad thing, but a little less boring than I had expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have no idea why the movie was called "Dog Bite Dog" at all! That said, if you are watching it is because it is the worst movie ever made. The director, Jim Thompson, and the actors who played the main characters were completely wasted. They had to play several of these losers in one movie, but the main character had to act like the main loser from "Dog Breath Dog" did, but with the main actor not acting like the loser in the first movie. There is nothing interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are worse and worse movies, but with no one to blame it is so awful and the only reason I gave the movie a rating 1/2 or higher is because I was watching the movie when I was 14 years old.  The story line for this movie is a poor one. It makes no sense.  I don't think that even the actors know what the deal with the movie was. I don`t care, but you could just as well have given the movie an F.  But don`s it not supposed to be. This movie is so utterly awful. They just gave it an F for that. They could have easily done the same for the next one, but they decided on giving the movie 1/4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main actor of the movie is the same that played "Godsend" in "Trolls" movies. The main female actor is the wife of the main actor. She looks and dresses like the mother of her unborn child, a man named Burt Reynolds.  It's the kind of movie I've seen my entire life and it's the sort of movie that I've never heard before. It's an insult to male egocentricity and a distraction for the male audience. "Scooby-Doo!"  "Shazbot!" "Dress to Kill" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film I thought it was a parody of American History Channel's "An American History of War" (not a documentary). Unfortunately, there are some good jokes - and some of the jokes are funny.   The director didn't try to be funny. It seems like an insult to see a movie with a bunch of British soldiers being shot. I've seen all kinds of movies in my life. They are all funny and amusing. The film is full of mistakes and bad language. The acting is terrible, as is the production of the English-made "The Lost" which doesn't make a movie. The script is wooden and unfunny and has a lot of unnecessary clichés. This was supposed to be a comedy.  The story is pretty weak as far as I can tell. The movie is just boring. A bunch of jokes and references go along with the stupidity of it all.  If you like this movie it's only going to be marginally watchable in a short time if you are a fan of "The Dead". The problem is the script, because it's not like "The B-Side". But it's bad, but, there is enough humor in the film to make you care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the biggest loser, and it's just the biggest bore, but the actors are a bunch of pretentious and boring.  There is no real chemistry to be found, and no real acting to speak of. There are some funny bits, but unfortunately I didn't even know when I watched this movie was made in 1998. I don't know why.   In short, it's not a great movie. It's not the worst of movies - it's a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie was nothing short of unpleasant, but I guess it could have been much worse. The film-making was a very different art form than most of the film that came before it. I suppose the makers could have taken this movie as an art-house effort. It's a little late-night, and it's just annoying to watch.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After watching this movie and thinking its a little bit like this other, i wanted to see the whole film, but it's way too long and is the worst. This is only a little overrated.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst movie ever made without a hint of acting, story, or cinematography. The movie is full of clichés, stereotypes, and jokes which are so bad (and so poorly directed). However, it was not really a film, but a series of events, situations, and dialogs which would explain the situation in a more coherent manner.  The jokes are really lame, and the movie is very very predictable. So it would be better if it was more entertaining to begin with, but when the movie turns bad, we are expecting so many other things from the movie.  We are going to see this movie again soon, but unfortunately we will also see several other bad movies. There is nothing to recommend this movie in terms of story. You need to see a movie about someone who wants to go to a new school, you need to skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the few films ever made without relying on the actors who played the main roles. This film has a rather uninspired script that I think many of us will not get. It is a total waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful film for people that are going to go through a big existential crisis because of their own existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I cannot write. If I can do so, I must write about every other movie I ever saw in my life and even if I can write one sentence without a single sentence, it will be one long. This is an exception to the rule of films I saw many times before when I was younger. The only problem I could think of with this film is the fact that it had a lot of bad acting. But even that could be said. The acting was amateur. I could say that it's a waste of time. The plot is predictable and predictable, but the story and characters were terrible in a way I had never encountered before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely long movie - like it was made in the 80s. I'm shocked to learn this was made at the very last minute and was a terrible film that was released within hours.  I think the worst movie I've ever seen is this: I saw the trailer before watching this and was shocked to see it wasn't a bad film and even more shocked to hear the dialogue. Unfortunately, I am not familiar with this film - but it did bore me to tears, but I still think they should have had the decency to make an apology.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst I've ever seen in my life: i can still recall being underwhelmed by the first half of the movie, which in many ways is like "the first half".  It was really bad.  This movie was made on the same schedule as "the beginning of the world was made in the year 2000".  Its plot is as bad as they come. But its bad editing and the characters were terrible, even worse than the bad "first half" (i believe this is the movie that should have stayed in "the start of the earth was made" at the same time as the beginning of life).  i think there is only one main character who is likable and it's a girl named "Aubrey" who is basically a "human girl".  the main character dies when she becomes pregnant with her child, but he's not the only child whose mother dies (because she wants her son to be aborted), but that's about as much as the movie had. It was the worst part of this "first world disaster", but the actors were terrible and the acting was terrible as ever.  The script is one of the worst movies i've ever been to see, but it was so bad that I nearly vomited. The only thing that was bad, but idk.  there are a few funny and/or interesting parts in the movie: the main actor plays a "woman" and the father is really a doctor, who gets to be a scientist instead of a teacher, and is really just making some kind of point-of-view-commentary that is a joke, but then she dies, but the rest of the family is horrible and/then dies horribly. the story is a "story of human civilization" but its just terrible and idiotic (for lack of a better word) human and "nature" kind of human. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline focuses on a middle aged woman (Maddy) who has a life long relationship with the deceased man (Brian). They fall in love and soon start having problems together. The problem for them is that they have been married to the same man for twenty years and have grown apart.  I can see where they came from. There are three reasons for the marriage. One of them is to gain power and prestige in the society of their choosing. In my opinion, this was a terrible mistake because they chose to stay together even when they knew there was no one to share their lives with.  The relationship between the two young people in the movie had a much better storyline than any I've seen in the last twenty years of my life. But it wasn't really the worst thing that I've ever seen and I wouldn't recommend this movie to people who have absolutely no experience and knowledge of the realities of life in the Middle East. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so uninteresting. Not all the jokes. But most of the jokes are unfunny.  The actors are so poorly written, the jokes and dialog are uninteresting, though the dialogue is uninteresting and the jokes have some relevance.  A "worst" of the movies, the one where the movie was so bad it was painful and the one at the start, which is the only one that made me laugh, was not at all.  It's hard to like this movie, but so much of the material is not at your disposal when watching the movie.  However, I will tell you that one scene in particular stands out and deserves comment. The one where a group of "feral" animals escapes from a laboratory and, for some reason, they try to make it look like they are in a slaughterhouse. The way the "ferengi" were able to escape their traps and kill the "bunnies" was so poorly, but, sadly, so many others are either unfunny, unfunny and unfunny so that they should have been put on acid or put in a cage.   I thought that, as an actor he's supposed to be interesting, but I never laughed before watching the stupid garbage in the lab escape, but one particular joke, when he says to a lab worker, "I have some ideas for a good film. I hope my ideas work out." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the movies I saw was so-so-so.  I have seen a lot of bad acting. This movie does not qualify as "bad" as much as it is "bad".  But even the bad movie can be good if you can enjoy the scenery a little and enjoy watching some bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this movie at a local video store. The store manager and I were laughing and talking, but I was embarrassed, I was afraid, I wasn't sure how far into this film that I'd go if I saw it. The main problem that I had with this movie was that it could have been much worse than I had been. I wasn' t sure that I would.  If you think this is a joke.  The idea is that the actors are in a play and that the characters are supposed to be real. They are actors that you have seen before or are familiar with. I didn't laugh because I thought I was supposed to. I had a very good story, and the movie wasn't terrible. But I didn' t laugh when I had to be at my wit's end, and this movie is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not an American, but the acting is awful...  The story lines are weak because it is impossible to follow it. And the main character is, well, human. So while the story is, if you can even call it that, weak, and the characters are, well... they're human, but when they're acting they are really just "human". "He's human", but... it is definitely a lot harder to believe that this is the real thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie of the first half of the movie. The movie is, without a doubt, the first movie of its kind I've ever seen. I'm glad I was there at that time.  But I'm not going to waste my time. I'd just like to get back on the horse before it gets lost to time. But it's not really a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie for 4 years.   I was just about to start watching this movie on the big screen. I was excited by the story. I did not at all. I thought it was a bad film.  This movie isn't going to win any awards for the worst movie I've ever seen, but it doesn't help me understand why a movie this bad.  I could have written better reviews about a movie and I just didn't care. If you don't believe me and don't bother watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I'm not sure the writers of this movie were right, but this movie is not for the average movie fan.  I think we're going to get the hang of this.   I did not like this movie very much. I thought that when people watched it it was not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew this was going to be a sequel to this movie. It's a mess. I guess that's why it's such a mess, but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first viewing of "Stuart Little" I found myself in stitches. But now this film is really the only film I can say I've ever seen this way.  The fact that Stuart is so terrible and Stuart Little is so cruel is completely ludicrous and completely irrelevant. But why is it really worth watching? There is no actual plot to speak of because Stuart Little isn't the only character involved in the movie. This is not "Stu and Little" with nothing to say.  It's a film that does not work because it's a piece of art. It's not a "film" about "stu and little" but just about a couple of people, only two people. The other characters are mostly non-existent, but the relationship between the two leads is completely artificial and the relationship to each of them is completely unrealistic. Stuart Little and the couple are not portrayed as being in love. Stuart and Little's marriage is completely unnatural, just not in the way most people think it would be. The two people involved in this movie are, without exception, totally non-sympathetic. So why then should Stuart and his partner be portrayed as a couple who had to work all that much harder to make it work? In what way is Stuart and little's relationship to Little's relationship supposed to be unrealistic? In most cases it seems like they should be more likable because they had to do more work. In "Sturge" they are supposed to work harder, but in the end they're supposed to make a living and there are a couple that live together for the sake of making things work out.  Stuart and the girl who looks like she's 12 are completely different from one another. It doesn't work that way, but it certainly is annoying and completely without merit. Unfortunately, the movie is extremely artificial to the point where its contrived. So Stuart and girl are at least halfway into making this movie without making any sense whatsoever. The movie is an attempt to tell the story and the plot, like everything else Stuart has ever done, the story is so stupid. It really is just stupid. "Sturgge" is an artificial term that means "people who are in love with each other," but it seems more like "two people in love".  The rest of the cast is, well, boring. "Good" actors and, the main cast are horrible (and unfortunately, boring, too).    I'm willing to give Stuart
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are many films in the same genre which are in production in Africa, Europe, the USA and Mexico. I can only assume that this is one of those films which are meant to shock people into a state of shock for the whole world. But this is just a pile of shit which I couldn't believe a movie like this could be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out in the summer of 2009 when an unemployed reporter (Kelly Macdonald) tells me that she is interviewing an old man (George Clooney) at the local café. This is what makes the movie so much worse than a boring movie. The plot is poor and the characters are so unlikable that you may want to stick to the previous version of the film for awhile. If the film were based on its actual script, there'd be no need to waste your time waiting in a café to order your favorite cheese.  But for the movie to actually be as good as the previous versions of this film, there's something going on. A lot of stuff is happening in this film. It's a lot better to watch and even more interesting than to be.  It's just a shame that this film's premise and story were developed solely by director James Foley (who has since become one of the biggest names in American Horror Film) so that the movie becomes a major contender for worst film of the last 30 years, but also for it's sheer number of mistakes.   If you hate Clooney's role as the main character, the film is so poorly made that you would be forgiven for taking one of those "I watched this film when I was 5." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is, as usual, a typical example of the genre. The cast is also, unfortunately, typical and the most boring parts are only just two of the many reasons to be wary.  If you are expecting the kind of film you might expect from a film that follows a couple in a long marriage, the actors are just as bad to be expected. You have a number of characters, but their performances are also as the sort of thing that a director would want to aim for. You've just got to go and see it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way I found this movie I expected it to be the best movie I've ever seen (if you want to watch the movie, see it's from). It, is a movie which I actually liked in the late 90s and early 2000s. I found it hard to overlook, but it is a disappointment which I'll have to see if I want to see the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of thing I have seen many times before, but I didn't get into this when I was in junior high school. In the meantime I only saw it several times.  It is a complete waste of time. And in that same waste of money I have also seen the movie in which the two kids who play at recess are being attacked by the same monster who can talk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was not expecting a comedy movie. It was a comedy comedy movie and I was expecting a joke that is a good, original, original film in this film. Unfortunately, this film only shows one side of the problem. In fact, the whole movie is based on the premise that everything is so terrible and you have to suspend disbelief to accept it.  I think the problem here is that of "sensitivity" because of the lack of knowledge of the subject matter which is, after all, what "sensitivity" is all about.  If you can accept this premise, then you have the problem of understanding what is meant by "solarised" and "baked in". There is, for example, the moment when two women try to have sex because a giant meteorite is flying through the atmosphere which has completely melted the planet's ice.  Unfortunately, that's all you will ever get. It's a bad idea. I can't say I'm glad I went to see this film instead of the original one. There is nothing about the idea of science. I am so glad I saw it first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really impressed by the plot. This movie is really a lot like 'I've Been in the Army' and I mean there are worse things on TV.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only knew about the movie with the name "Trey Parker", but the other one is better than "Tay Parker".   The reason this movie should be banned is because it contains nothing even remotely interesting, but that's really it.  The only thing I liked was the ending, but I felt cheated because it's "Taye Parker" so good. It just sucks. But the thing is that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen: a really, really bad movie. But that means it's an extremely bad movie and it's way over-budget. This movie is so bad and so I didn't even waste my time watching it. It's not even a bad at all and the movie is just as low-budget as "The Goon", but "Toby Parker" is way better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and character development of this movie is very dull. The characters are flat and the movie is boring, but it's not for me. It's for the movie, but its an interesting movie, and you can definitely feel sorry for the character development and development.  The acting is mediocre. You want to laugh.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But... but. but. But. but... but but.  But. But... But... because... but because they just decided to make this movie instead of "Beverly Hills Cop 2." But because it's a low budget indie production and it's supposed to be "the best movie ever made in history" but it's still a really bad movie with some kind of plot. However, this movie isn't as bad as some of the worst movies I've ever seen.   But it's not a very good movie either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a very bad movie about the very real problems of modern life.  I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a big failure in the film world. There are a lot of reasons why this movie was made into a movie which people actually enjoyed but then had to turn it into a comedy and made fun of it. But if you think this failed at producing laughs then you will think this movie failed at anything. But the comedy is, without a doubt, the worst part of the movie. The characters are the worst thing in the movie at times. It seems like they are trying to make a comedy of what it is and not of the script.  What happened to me was this but it is not. I mean it was made in 1972 so this movie must have been made in 1970. And I am not going to write about this movie.  The plot, which is very weak and has a very weak point, is a joke which people can relate to but I guess the joke is the joke.  But the main reason I gave this movie a 2 is because I found it very confusing because the acting was so fake and unbelievable. It made a mockery of the viewer and the viewer can relate too. The writing was poor and predictable. This movie had a lot more to say. It tried to make it look like a comedy but it failed miserably in it's attempt to make people think about the lives of these two men. It has a couple of great moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a woman having a baby. She decides to get pregnant. And her father, who has the sperm and wants to help with the baby, doesn't know she has the baby. He tells his father he doesn't care who makes the baby's life easier, he only cares for the child. His mother knows he doesn  herself was also pregnant. Her mother told her not to tell her father. His father told her that he would love it and was going to have it aborted. When his father and mother got into trouble, he went with them in the car and helped them escape. He told her, in fact, he did the same thing he did when he was going with his father in the house and got into a fight with his stepmother, but only when he saw her pregnant with his brother.  But, he tells his stepfather he wants to get involved with the woman because she made love to him. His stepfather said that he was with her all the time and that he got her pregnant. He asked his father to help him get in trouble, but he knew he would be in big trouble, not the woman. But he told his mother, her stepmother and their three younger brothers, to help them all. His sister is married off, but her older brothers want her to stay married to him because she knows he loves her. He doesn't really know what they want him to do. They all say "let's see, he wants us to get in big problems, but we don't know what he wants because he just got us in big troubles and didn't tell them why. He just told them how to get into big trouble without telling them. The whole movie was a disaster. I can see why they all didn't like it, but they didn't really like it either. The problem with him, in short, was his sister wanting her brother to get a new one, but she didn't love him, and she knew she could get herself in big mess. She was with the guy the whole movie and was having sex with him. They are all in big love. His brothers are not, but his older brothers don't love anyone, but all the boys want to get one. But, his mother didn't know about that. He didn't have to tell his mother that the baby wasn't going to be his brother and the baby couldn't be his son's. His brother could just say what he wanted
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film on video recently and it's just a joke. I'm not going to go into any of the other problems the reviewer might have with this film.  But if the reviewer is a serious fan of the subject matter, and this film is not one of them. This film is a joke that I will just walk out and tell others to laugh at and enjoy as much as I can.  And then I'll start to tell them the only real problem with this movie is the actors. And it is a bit of a problem that they can't even enjoy the movie.  The real problem is the script is weak and boring, the story is weak, and they can make jokes. The acting is so bad and the characters are so wooden. The jokes are predictable, and the humour is predictable.  What a waste! The problem with the film is its pretentiousness.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty poor. The script is weak.  If you like to see a movie that was made for a Christmas movie, go see this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When watching this, I can't believe that the writer/director had the foresight to realize what was going to happen, or perhaps had the courage to tell us what was actually going to be. However, it I was thoroughly disappointed that I wasted my time on this film, but even that wasn't a major disappointment. But this was the one that was truly horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really disappointed by the fact that this movie is about an Arab sniper (who's been shot by a sniper that is supposedly invisible), and I couldn't fathom it. I think most people can understand that. I don't think this movie would be in the top of the worst movie of all time.  Overall, I give this movie a 2 because if you have no idea what is going on in the real world (no clue what is in the head) you have nothing to go with. I also give this 2 because it is not so obvious as a movie (like The Bourne Ultimatum) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had some problems that I didn't really understand. So I thought I was going to be happy.   When I saw this film I felt cheated  But I'm not going to waste your time. But I thought they cheated us out of any of our money.  Unfortunately, there's not much going for you to like this.  Avoid watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, script, and character development were not developed. The characters were, however, developed.  The story was terrible and unbelievable. The storyline was a predictable thing. You got to know a lot of things that you just can't say or expect a predictable result from.  Unfortunately the characters were boring and predictable - and they were bad - but this wasn't a movie about boring people and predictable, stupid people-oriented stories.  It didn't. It was just boring, stupid - and predictable.  I've heard that a movie like this could have been a TV series. But in my opinion that movie is just a waste of time.  But the character development - and that could be an entire series - are really not even close to as bad movie.  Overall I think the plot is terrible, and the story is an important thing. The only thing I dislike about the movie was how dull it was and the fact that it made me want to fast forward past it because they had only about four hours to go until they reach the end. It made me WANT to have more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't have a problem with this film because it is a terrible film.  The idea behind it is extremely lame and stupid - because it so. But when it is so dull and I think there was one word missing - "Worth". The problem is that it is dull and stupid. But then, I'm not going to tell you what I think. I'm going to just tell you it's not worth, but the idea of a very slow movie makes me sick.  I just found this movie a few days ago - which is why I'm asking you to go and see this at least once. But the problem is the word "sloth" - so dull it makes me wonder if it is only the result of that lame movie.  "Worst of all - The acting is so poor and predictable that it takes us to "Sloth's Castle" in which it was filmed and which is the only place where it happens.    The rest of the film is so bad. The dialogue is so annoying that it makes you hate every single one of the actors - but there is no "Worse" than any other film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to the original film, this movie is basically an insult to the memory of the first film. As the author of the screenplay, the main purpose of the movie was to show the stupidity of this film. The main problem is the writer and director of the story, but also other actors who were in this film and are also the main characters. The production values of this movie are higher than the average and the music is a joke as the characters sing songs that are not even known. The jokes are poor, but only so because the song was a joke, but no joke, no joke.  The biggest problem with this movie was the way the film seemed to be more like a real musical.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. A typical gag is that the director was trying to make the entire movie like "Singin' in the Rain", but not really trying to be funny. The song by Raimi was in the wrong hands. They are both drunk, but they were both drunk. The first half-hour of the film is awful and the second half of the picture is awful.   The director and writer are both obviously drunk, even though they are in different roles, but both drunk at times. But they both seem to be in bad shape.  One thing that i hated is the way that the movie seemed to drag in every scene. It dragged in the rest of the cast as the main character goes to sleep. The only thing i hate is the ending. I just wanted to know what the main problem was. But the ending dragged so much it was unbearable. In the beginning is the most glaring problem that is at times, but not that much. But I just didn't know what it was.  It's not funny, but the ending is horrible to the point where you want to vomit.  A typical problem in any movie, but i just wanted the whole thing dragged in every three minutes until it became a big, boring pile of cheese. However, this was the first movie that I really thought would be funny, though it seems to drag for half of an hour (like "Dancing Queen", "Zombie Lake").  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So when they finally released this movie after two years, they couldn't have been wrong. But they couldn'nt have been right. But with all due respect to this movie, we all know that the director should've told the story better. But the real problem with this movie is that the movie was made during a period of time where the US was doing everything it could to prevent a communist victory. The movie was not about this in the same way that it was about the movie, but that this movie was really about trying to escape from something which we don't even want to try. The problem was that the US wanted to make a film that was not made during the time when things were going so bad. But you know, that's a whole lot more to do with trying to make yourself believe that you can make a real escape from the situation you're in, but in most cases you will simply live until you die.   This movie has absolutely no redeeming factor for anyone. And what was it that made me believe this movie would succeed? There was no point in making the movie about an escape from a communist revolution. It just sounded really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film is about the relationship between two young teenagers who live in a local co-op, but they realize that their lives are so small. As their friend tries to "win" her friends over, she feels like she's being treated unfairly. This was a particularly bad film for my age group. It's bad acting, very bad, and is not worth seeing on its own.  The acting was also not particularly bad or uninteresting, but I can hardly say they were terribly bad - and when they asked me what I thought of the films then I had to think long and hard.  It was the worst - the actors were terrible, the script was awful. The script is so bad, I can scarcely believe them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a group of women who are kidnapped by a group called "The Prosecution" and then the "Prophecy" is unleashed. The only way they can save themselves is to commit suicide. The Prosecution has the Prosecution. In the end, the Projecetect is just a group that's committed suicide. At the end of the movie the Projury itself is simply dead, but it's a group, but when they commit suicide and then die, it's just a whole group of people, but that's just the point.  If you like these kind of movies, buy the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read some of this movie at least once, but I won't. I don't think anyone ever saw a real movie. I have seen it at least two dozen times on cable. I've also seen it on DVD and purchased it again on a few days. I just can't believe this movie is supposed to be about life in the desert, with a guy who wants to go in the middle, but then again I don`t know how to believe this is supposed be a movie about a boy who wants it all and the girl who is in love with him, but only about this movie we learn how a kid becomes a man and how to become a man.   A boy who becomes a boy after he falls in love.  It is a very interesting and painful movie.  I don´t know why this movie failed in its aim to be a satire of life in America, but even then the message and intent is not what is important in life in a desert. I will never read this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is supposed to be one of the worst films I have ever seen. So what? The acting is bad and the plot is terrible. The story is really bad (though I guess not every one of them), but the film has a nasty surprise. It's really annoying. This film, however, is far from a masterpiece as you'd expect.  There are many other films with bad (sometimes even worse) characters, but this one is bad. The sound track is terrible and the movie seems to be worse than that. The acting, acting and story are so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene is at the beginning, when the man (who, by the way, he's just another half-brother, which is just another title in the whole thing, but he's not in the lead, but the lead actress, but her husband is). I just have to wonder how it gets worse.  The cast is also bad, but, as in all cases where you have a cast, you have to ask yourself if you believe the characters were written by the same people, but I am not really convinced.  What the hell, though? There was nothing at all. The script is as hackneyed as a joke. I couldn't care less about the story and the characters, though.  I did care a lot, but it all comes down to bad movie. I'm not sure why.    I only got a laugh out of this for the laughs of the writers. I did not like the actors who wrote the jokes, but there was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but that's more of a problem than I have ever seen. It didn't even matter if the actors were bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not expecting to be disappointed. But if you are expecting to enjoy something new that is different from the previous movies, then I guess this movie was made just to get something fresh.  It 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that really bothered me about this film is the script and the direction of the story, but I found the story about the people who lived in the apartment I rented at the end of the film. It was not interesting. It is a sad waste of time, but if you are a person who has read a lot of books this is a good way to express what I think of as a book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive review about this movie: "The film was not without problems. The special effects were quite dull. The effects were very muddy at times, and the script is very weak. But even this is not a "WOW". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this in an old copy of this movie. I think the acting was the worst part of this so bad, I'll take it.   I only saw the first 20-30 minutes.  I mean, what a mess. I can't even imagine what the producers of this should have done. There are way too many parts to make this movie a disaster. In conclusion, I'm sure it would have been a disaster in the worst case scenario.  In conclusion: the producers should have put in more jokes about animals dying. In fact, this movie is so bad it looks like a children's cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very good idea.  There's a good deal of cheese (and I'm not a fan of cheese). But what cheese?! Why oh why did they put on the cover of this movie? Why?? Why?? This movie could have been a great movie. But I'm also not a huge fan of "Worst Picture I've ever Seen".  You see, I'm a huge cheese fan and even though I've seen it in numerous movies theaters, I've also seen "Zombie Bloodbath" which I've come to like better than "Dead Creatures".  "Zombi 2" was pretty bad, but "ZOMBIE" was not. However, neither was this movie and it's just a shame that the producers chose to use "Z" and "B" for the main name and the movie title. Why? Because the first film had to be called "ZOOMBIEBAS". This movie has not gone down in the least bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first five years of this century, the French were known to have had an affinity for movies, but the Germans were not. However, a couple of years later, one could say the same thing for the US: a couple months of viewing this movie could not have made one of the worst movies in history. In fact, a movie so poor it couldn't buy the nearest toilet, but at the same time the movie was poorly made. It's kind of like watching a film of a big disaster with a small cast, but it is not made for viewing by the public.  This movie is not that much better than any other disaster movies you have ever seen, but you don't get much satisfaction from it.  However, all that said, if you want to avoid renting this movie, avoid it. It does have a couple things which were so terrible: the worst disaster movie I have ever ever seen in my life.  Avoid it. I mean, it really was terrible, but just avoid it if you value your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was made to try to be a horror movie. The only thing I can say to this is that it is a movie for adults. It's not that it isn't.  In my opinion this is the kind of movie that people will make just to try and make some money, but not like this. This was not a horror film but a movie that you can just do not watch. It was just a movie about death. It had a bunch of other crap, but that's not the end of it.  I think this movie would be better if you wanted to waste your time. It is the horror movie that has nothing to offer. But don't waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie was terrible, and only in the early days of this mess could one get a real idea of the real meaning behind it all - to understand this meaning you need to read a book. But that book is so far from the real. If you haven't read any book before this movie you're not going to understand any book in the first ten minutes.  The movie itself is a load of crap. The acting is wooden, but if you're sitting through the whole thing you'll be bored until the credits roll. If your not paying attention you'll start laughing in your mind, as if you were being shown a porn movie.   It's also not funny. But I'd say that's not really worth listening to if the real thing was just terrible, pointless, boring, and uninteresting - but there was one aspect that I can think of and that has absolutely no relevance - that is, if you want to be bored and avoid real pain (pain that only happens in the real world) then stop listening to this movie. But what exactly does that entail? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so very disappointing, but the story and acting are also weak. In my opinion, it the movie of a movie made for TV. The plot is one of the weakest films I have ever seen in a movie. The acting was OK.  I really hoped the story would come to an end.  What really happened to the "heroes" in the movie were very disappointing. The movie is so badly written that the characters are drawn in a "cartoon" style.  A movie like this deserves to be considered one of those movies where nothing in the story has been given any meaning. But there was only one other problem with the movie: the "plot" is so bad and the director really should have tried to stop making this. He had no real story, but I found it to be very poorly written. It had no plot. It is a "bad movie" if you want to call it that.  Overall I found the film to be the worst movie I've ever seen. But I don't recommend this to anybody who has not read "Bulletproof". If you don't know the difference between a film like "Bulger" and a movie like "BADBAD Movie" you will really be lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie will be the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was predictable, and one of the biggest themes was to be about the relationship between the male lead (Danny Aiello) and his girlfriend (Barbara Cook). When the male leads met, they were not together, but alone. The male leads were not as attractive as well. It just seemed to be a mess. Danny Aiell was terrible, and he was the bad actor that most people had trouble with. The plot seemed to get more and more incomprehensible. The script had some interesting twists and the script was good. There was something I can't understand or care about. I think this movie is one of those movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Favorite Movie: "You can be my friend". It's one of my all time favorite movies.  I thought that this movie would be very good.  The movie is a "feel-good" and fun to watch. The story of a girl's relationship with her boyfriend is totally boring and boring. The movie itself is a fun and very disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't realize how many of the comments here on IMDb were absolutely horrible. I knew that it has a terrible list of worst movie of the year. But the thing is, that the movie was, indeed, about a serial killer. But this movie is just about a bunch of serial killers who, of course, are serial killers. And although you don't care that much about them, it is truly terrible! You could, by simply skipping this movie and watching a serial in progress instead. So watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this movie has nothing on its mind. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't just about the movie, it's about the audience. It's about how one person (played by the actor) feels like his life is getting too slow (at a time when you're supposed to start feeling that way) but feels like her life is slowing down as much as the movie (at times when you feel like you're starting feeling like you just won't have enough life left in you). The problem with that is if you don't feel like your life is just going to be slow, that is, if you think you have more life than the audience does, but you don`t know it because that person has more life. But, if the movie really is only about feeling like life has to happen to you, that makes it feel like it has to come to you. But this movie just makes it worse for a movie.  The acting is bad at the point where you realize you've seen worse movies. But the script is even worse.  There's a lot of sex in the movie and lots of bad language. The only thing that is worse in this movie is that the sex is bad.  Avoid this movie: don't waste your time. It does not do a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was a disaster. The writer has it. He has the plot in this movie. It was terrible. But it was never good, but never this kind of low budget disaster. However, they only made it worse.  The story is very ordinary for a B movie, but it really wasn't that bad. The movie itself was a total disaster. And that is what I really think.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this movie needs to be "The Black Cat Movie".  The plot is dull, the characters are not stupid, and in fact, the plot of this film is not interesting.  The movie has a very minimalistic look at religion, death, and life, and the plot has a pretty weak one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie ever. It's terrible that this movie is worse than this: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    the only way this movie is bad is the only reason I am ever going to see it. I can't say the actors are bad; it's a bunch of films that I am going to waste my money watching.  there's nothing I can say about the movie; I think there's little to no reason for watching the movie. I thought, after 40 minutes of watching this movie I was going to like it.  I was disappointed in it because of its attempt at comedy (no pun intended; but it was just too bad). I really don't understand it; but I didn't understand what was the point.   this movie would have made for an absolute joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the worst kind of plot. I think this is a poor film which has the opportunity to make the characters likable. It is absolutely disgusting to watch but then it is boring. The script is flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really just not enough. Its bad in the end.  This movie is just the worst I've ever seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first ten minutes it is absolutely clear that something is amiss.  The story is simply terrible. A single-mother, grieving for her dead daughter, finds herself on the verge of losing it. Her husband, a single father, vows to help her find her daughter. His first step: the house. He must locate the house, find it and then destroy it. He is not willing to fight or to kill anybody. In fact he kills only a single person with his own weapon, a soldier, a police officer, a terrorist, a woman, a kid and an animal. A man who is single (he has two kids), a man who has three kids and a woman who is pregnant.  But the violence does not stop. The film is about children, mothers, fathers, a couple of single men, a lesbian couple, a teacher, a young boy and his friends who is gay and they all fight to get the children. The main character is gay, but no character is ever shown, but this single-parent family is clearly a model of the dysfunctional single-father family where the child takes away the father and the father gets the father to kill his wife.  A total of eight men appear in this film and are shown on a beach with four dogs. They are shown running away and trying to make a stand at gunpoint.   The only good thing in the film is a man in uniform whose friend is a cop. He and his wife hide their baby girl, a boy, from him and his partner.  I cannot imagine this single parent family surviving this. One can only hope. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was about to watch it. Unfortunately, as I said before, the movie had several parts that were all different from other parts. This makes for a rather dull movie when compared to other movies made in the 2000s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Diary" movies from the 70s. The whole thing is about a former CIA agent (who I think the plot might have been written by) meeting a group of "unnamed" men who have stolen a $2 million, and then he and his two buddies decide to take it back from the "unidentified" men. These guys have been in the CIA for at least 10 years and the "Diaries" make no mention of a single man that was in it for a decade and then got out of it and became "unconnected". Then this guy is in it to try and get to the bottom of this thing, but the whole thing just seems like a bunch of bad movies because they can't figure out where it came from. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie I've seen, but it wasn't as enjoyable as the worst movies I'd have to write.  If you want to see this movie, go see it for yourself! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very poorly acted.   The script for this film is horrible.  It is simply so bad. It is horrible and disgusting and makes no sense at all. It's just a waste of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the worst problem when it comes to film - but not all of it. But there are problems with the movie and the story.  The problem with this film is its lack of cohesion, its lack for action and its lack if originality. It's like something from the previous year. But the characters are so flat and uninteresting that I just want to slap them. But it's not.   I think it's because the characters behave like the characters of a children's movie - but I don't want to add that. The only thing I can say for sure, in my opinion, is that it's way too long and boring, but I do not want to waste a minute of my life. But for me this is far too long, boring and unoriginal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing wrong with the acting in this movie, but the dialogue is terrible and the story is very badly written. This movie was a joke.  It was a terrible movie.  Avoid this movie if you really want to see an awful horror film about an endless stream of bad film makers running away from the camera and disappearing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I was in college, and I saw the movie so it's no wonder I'm going to have to write more negative reviews about this movie. This movie made me dislike everything I have ever come across, and the only thing they should apologize for is being awful and not sorry. I can only assume that the script writers had the same ideas that they had when they wrote a book and got it published. However, this movie was a disappointment because of the acting. I couldn't believe the actors and I was so disappointed in myself for making a joke about them. They were all so fake.   If you think they're actors, I'd suggest you watch this movie instead. The plot is a big mistake, but it was supposed to be a comedy or drama. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is not funny. It is only pretentious. The director never shows the actors, but he also never shows them nude. The cinematography is poor to the point that no camera shows any.  But, in the end, the director insists, "You can do this!" The message is clear.  The characters of this movie are not like the characters of "Pleasantville" or "Full House." But it's too bad, but no plot or characters are really bad. The bad acting is bad, and the characters are not bad.   The first three hours and forty five minutes were OK, but it would have been so much better if they stopped talking like they were in third grade play acting class. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The ending was all that great, but it isn't great. The only good thing about this movie was the ending. The rest of the movie was boring, and a lot of the actors were, well, the people who had nothing to do.  I was surprised to see some of the characters with long, white hair. The way they looked in this movie it makes them look like zombies. They could have at least shaved a few of the acting (but only the actors, but only the acting) and stopped the movie a lot sooner.  And this movie is, well... dull. It was dull, but that doesn't mean much. In short, I don't understand why anyone would waste their time watching this movie in the first place. The movie seemed to get much better.  What about the plot?  The acting wasn't terrible. It got boring.   It was a bore to sit through.  The premise was a very weak point for the movie, but at least this movie stayed that way.  It should have used a lot more energy to make a movie that wasn't so much boring, but I am glad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story, which follows a series of murders that are happening at different locations throughout the country, is very dull and dull and boring (although I'm sure you could come up with an idea as to why it should be interesting for a change) and the characters are very dull. They just aren't the same old boring. The main character, who's an ex-cop with a gun and a girlfriend, is completely wooden and boring. It isn't even that obvious as I didn't even go to the trouble of explaining it to a 5 year old and a 4 year old. The story is a load of boring and repetitive (unintentionally) and uninteresting.  I can honestly say I've seen a LOT worse movies in the last 15 years and that's why I gave this movie a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a real b*tch, but unfortunately, it's not nearly as bad. I mean, it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (B) B: Where are they going to?  (C) C: The sequel was better than the original. They had more action. (D) D: They had less money. They even had a chance to be a movie.  The movie was just boring and predictable. The script was predictable as well.  In conclusion... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this film a rating - it's like one of the first films you ever saw with no story whatsoever. But there's a problem - this is not even a horror film. But instead, it's a "sick" film, but it is one of a bunch of B-grade movie-making that can be found in either bad movies or the entire history of cinema. Unfortunately, in its effort to be "sensationally minded" I had no idea. It is one thing that I have not liked in film since I was a kid - but that is not saying much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film when I was 5 (1924). I can remember the exact moment it had me cringing from my seat to the TV screen.  I cannot believe how many people found this film at your local video store and then took it to their local video rental store where they would have rented it to someone else to get them to watch it. They would have gotten the film without waiting in line for half an hour until they had the money back. The film was not even advertised on your local website. I have seen the film again in person at least once in my life. I can even remember the very last scene where the mother of the child is at the window and there is a sign on the window that says it is OK for her to go through the window.  There are scenes in the film where you are really feeling sorry for yourself, but there are several scenes where you really don't feel any one way or another. I know that the film had it's share of scenes where a mother and son meet and decide to spend the rest of their lives together.  It was so bad that I think I had a stroke. I really don't know why. I did see that the son was being tortured by the hooded guy with a metal plate in front of his head and when the woman he was raping had him in the car with her and the man he was sodomizing had his hand on the hood and the car door was open, it is really painful to watch the son go through that car door.  So you have to think about the scene where you see the hood man standing outside the door, yelling, "I'm gonna have to kill him, I promise" and then yelling, 'You're a son-of-a-bitch' and then the hood guy says, 'This isn't even that bad film. The last scene in that car you can see the son being sodomized is awful and then being sodomped himself. It was not so bad. I saw that when the mother and the boy were in the shower, they were kissing each other and then making out in the mirror. You can see in the last scene they are both naked and then it is so uncomfortable to watch them kissing and it was even painful to think. When the father and the son are at the diner, it was not that awkward at all. There are a lot of scenes of people sitting in the chairs, the mother with the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story seems to revolve around a group of guys who make a play, but who don't understand that what they are playing is an improvised comedy show. This is what makes a lot of the people who don`t understand that they should leave and try something different.  The writing is as much of a joke as the acting is, but the jokes aren`t the most important parts of the movie. The main characters don` t understand, but they play their characters without thinking.   The movie goes to the point that what the story is told and what the jokes are, are not funny either. I would give this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "My Name is" is a completely meaningless thing, but the film doesn't give any clue as to why the director wanted to use this name to market his movie.  "Tales of the Fall" is, without a doubt, the absolute worst film ever made in the United States. The whole thing is a mess. The cast is terrible. The camera-work is terrible, but this movie is a complete disaster of a disaster. The acting is just horrible and awful, but it seems like a movie you can't believe.   Unfortunately, the movie had a problem, but that was the end of the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie was so unbelievably idiotic: they must never learn from their mistakes. This movie was like a slap in the face from the makers of the movie to the makers themselves. But I'm sorry, they weren't there to make any mistakes. They were there to sell the movie.  Unfortunately, this movie is an extremely poor attempt at trying to establish a point that they aren't allowed to make anymore. But, the makers know that this movie fails. They've probably already made a better movie. But they've done it with the kind of energy that you would expect from a 10 year old. I've been on this train of thought ever since I saw this movie when it first came out. It's almost impossible to believe that the makers had nothing to do with this movie, but at the same time it's almost unbelievable that they were willing to go to all the trouble to make this movie. If only they had the guts to do that. If there were more people who knew what I had just said I would have a better idea of what the problem was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of this movie: This movie, however, should have been the WORST of the worst movies ever. If so, this movie has been the worst movie EVER! In fact, it should have never been made. This movie is a joke. It is so completely and totally over the top and on a completely different level than ANY other comedy ever. In fact if there is a comedian that I have ever laughed at, but it wasn't in this movie! It's an absolute joke!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this series the characters are portrayed as a group of friends who are not to be trusted and are told by their "friends" that they have "been" friends for eternity.  I am a sucker for the comedy and I was hoping that it could be funny, but it just comes across as a bunch of self-indulgent drivel.  The problem is that when I was 9 I was just not entertained.  But that just means I was waiting.    I'm thinking it's only about a half-hour long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love horror movies with a "B" in the title. But the original "Boomerang" was based on a Japanese horror film made in 1993 for an English-speaking release on a horror film festival. They made one every few months, so this is one to avoid if you are planning to watch one.  Avoid. Avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is uninteresting, but the story itself is the boring thing.   I'd like to see more than just one movie this year.  This movie is an insult to people who are fans of the movie. I know I like it for the movie, not the movie which is the story. But I don't know why it is a bad film. But that's what the movie is. The movie is the movie they made for me to laugh and cry. I can do that.  I don' t like it.  The other person I can't stand is Kevin Sorbo. He's too much of a star in the film world to play as one, but he's not a star of the film worlds. But it's hard to see Sorbo as someone who's been completely and totally sucked in the whole movie.  What the hell happened to him? He should learn to smile and act like a normal person. He is too much like a big brother, who is supposed to be a "dumb" and "confused" brother to the other brother (his real brother and his "fake" brother, the "normal" brother) to play the part he's supposed to play.  But he's just trying.  My advice to Sorbo: just get on with it. And the film he plays is not even worth a "1" on IMDb.  And the movie he's playing is not one I think a big film by any means, but just a movie of which he should be embarrassed to be called a "sucker".  So it's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and the characters are drawn with the right size and the right proportion. The characters' facial expressions are poorly drawn. There's no real plot. The plot is boring. The dialogue is not bad. The script and it's not even the worst. The actors are not too good, but the special effects are not the best thing. There are bad special effects and the actors are bad.  As a movie that has no story or something I'll say this is a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You may have seen this film recently and were not pleased with it. The characters look like they're from a soap opera which has a lot of very interesting characters and is just terrible. This film had good comedic and original ideas to it. It's a sad thought, but it's like "what happened to them in this film?" I mean, this film doesn't really fit well in the usual "comedies" category which I know it can't handle in a few minutes. I mean it could have been a "comedie" without a story and character and so on. It was, in my opinion, not up to par with the soap opera it's based on because it's a movie. I'm glad to hear that the actors all know each other and have nothing to say. The script was, without exception, the worst which I've ever seen in a soap movie. It feels a bit like The Black Cat with the bad writing, but I don't think it's too long a movie that they could have made this even worse. I wish someone could have told me, I was disappointed that it didn't make you cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is bad, and the actors are bad. The acting is awful. This film starts with two sets. The first is an acting class of five students, who are going to start their final year of high school. The second is a group of five people who are sitting in a bus and going to school. Two sets, one for every set. The script is the weakest part of the film, but the main problem is how they got there.  Overall, this movie is bad and I don't understand how they pulled it off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, the story of a woman who comes into the life of her dead son, the son of her deceased husband, the father of her son's child, the man who killed her husband in a plane crash (if it was even remotely possible) and a man who kills his girlfriend (if his girlfriend, however, is a real person, one who kills him first if it is even remotely realistic), is so dull and monotonous that the actors seem like cardboard cutouts.   The only problem I could find with this film was the fact that the cast is so uninteresting, but without the dialogue (which would have been a waste of time), this film is about a woman, who takes care of two animals. The animals aren't the only ones who are boring, but the animals, who we humans tend to kill, are.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I don't know where it came from. I'm guessing it came after this film.  I give this one two out of ten because it is the worst film I have EVER seen, but no, its an amateur attempt to the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The premise is that it's the only movie in the world that has ever made a movie like this (but only one that actually made one like this).  I really wish I had seen this movie before my time, but I can honestly say I have never seen a movie that made me laugh so hard that you actually wanted to choke it out of my mouth. You can tell a movie has gone through puberty and it actually has, and it's not funny.  However I can say I didn't laugh once or twice. I laughed a lot at the movie because it's so terrible and sad that I nearly died and ended up in the emergency room. I wanted to punch this guy in the face and send him to the hospital where he could die. I didn''t think about that until the end, but my friends who actually LIKE this movie (they liked it) thought about it before we even had the opportunity to say hello. It's so, so horrible. It hurts my eardrums to the point where I swear to God I''ll spit on a sock until I''m dead, but after hearing that, I think I would. It makes me want to punch myself.   I think this movie needs more screen time, more dialogue and less humor, but only one of a handful of movies I don't like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review is about the movie that caused so many people to start believing that this was a movie of the worst kind.  As someone who has lived in rural Texas, i have seen some of the films that were not made in a few years from now. And what i mean by that is this is a film of an area where it is not possible for you to do something without your gun. The gun shots are not funny either, but the shots where the shooter is the sheriff are funny and the sheriff's gun isn't. You may find this film to be a waste of time at your local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and thought that it was a film I'd like to see. They were out to ruin the world!  My vote of 2 is for the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. I'm sure I've got it. I've never seen such a low budget version of a zombie movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a bit surprised at the way the movie fails to be funny. It fails because it is actually boring and the characters are too uninteresting.   I'm going to continue to watch this movie instead of the original "Hollywood".  The script is so poorly written that you have to struggle through half a dozen pages just to tell you what is going on.  Avoiding the story is one of the ways I will avoid watching this movie for the rest of my life. It really doesn't have to be this way.  The characters are so poorly conceived that you really want to see them again. I cannot fathom how someone could have written a plot with any type of creativity, but "Hollyweed" is at least a good movie and "Maddy" is so uninteresting as a result of the movie. Avoiding "Halloween", which is so tedious and stupid and dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great movie from this director is "Comet (2001)", but the story is different.  I only saw it when it came out in the US. They released a documentary on this, but not before. Heres my review of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful in the film I watched when I was young (in the 70s, but with the sound track it sounded like a joke, but in this case it's simply awful inane.  I'm a fan of this movie from the 70's (and it's a very painful movie, with no real plot for a second).  The movie I watched yesterday was the only one I've ever truly seen this movie in and it's about a guy who is trying to find out about his mother's death by the time he turns 18. It doesn't have the jokes and it wasn't made in the 70ies as a joke.  The writing is bad movies. There are very few characters that are uninteresting, but it's still not a comedy worth watching.  You'd be in for a disappointment if you started watching it after a third grade homework assignment or a freshman year college course, or if you start watching it during the same time period. But in my opinion it's also really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film a few times while I was in high school... but I could not say the words "I watched this movie when I was 16." I found it very annoying, but when I finally went to high school I saw this film at first hand before it was released. But after watching it as a teenager I never looked the film in the same light as I did when I first saw this before it, but I still had to wonder why this movie could be so boring.  I have to say the film was a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's obvious from the title screen, which is supposed to show the title, that this movie is not a masterpiece. It's just a waste of time, but the time isn't wasted. The script is weak in this one, but you have to be prepared to overlook the other actors, and give this a 1 for wasting your time with a movie that is terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you look up and down in the description of this movie, you will be amazed. The first half-dozen lines are pretty hilarious, but that's not where you want to be. That's not even close to the end of the problem.  I really like the idea of a "Boomerang" sequel, but the plot of this is probably a good way to end the trilogy, but I don't know that it'll be any better than the "Giant Spider-Man" version, but it's a problem. The original movie had an ending that left you feeling cheated because the plot was so flat, but this version of "Spider-Man: Spiders of Fear" falls flat on its face. I'm pretty sure that it's not supposed to be a horror movie.  If I were to write a bad review about how bad this movie turns out, I'd be recommending the original, and I wouldn't recommend this unless you've seen the movie before. It has "Spiderman" in the title, but there is no explanation for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in love with this movie so I just sat through it with the worst of my friends. Then I saw the trailer for it came out. It. You know what i am talking about.  A very, very very boring and forgettable horror movie, especially if you are a horror fan like me, but this is one of the worst movies i have ever had to endure.  There is absolutely no suspense in this movie. At the same time there are too many other movies i've never seen, but they are dull in the same way a comedy movie can be boring and boring as low as a horror movie can. Then there are just more gore and violence, but nothing else in horror film and it is more like a B movie than a horror flick. Then the movie becomes boring, i think.  I mean, really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen was at the beginning of this movie.  The film was titled "Goblin" or "Gobi"  There is absolutely no reason for this movie to exist and they should have at least tried and stopped this before. It is a complete waste of time, especially when you realize that this film could have been a huge success in it's own right.  I would just hope that the production values had increased since this movie was made, which was just unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, a series of horror movies by Paul Haggard (DREAMER) is set in the same city in which the original "WITCH HUNTERS" are filmed and also in the surrounding areas. "The Dark Man" films are very different from the original and they are filmed well and have an exciting storyline. As for "The Witch Hunters", the first of which is a film set in New York, but there is also a sequel and remake.  There are no plot problems, but this film is very dull, boring and very depressing. I gave it 1 out of 10 stars because it is very poorly made.  The story is awful and this film has a terrible beginning. However, it was a low-budget production that suffered from poor production quality and I am sorry to say, I give it only 2 stars for being a waste of time.  I think I'd have given it an * out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original sequel was pretty good, but this is just not as funny.   The biggest problem I have with this is that the plot is poorly written, and the characters are not, but the main character of a mediocre B-grade movie, but some other characters are. This is the kind of movie that has no redeeming qualities. This film is about one single subject, but not one of them. The script is a very unevenly written in an uninspired fashion, as is typical of a B-movie. But the film itself seems uninspired and is not particularly boring.  The only thing that this film has missing from a B movie is the acting. It's quite disappointing that the dialogue could have been written better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the most disappointing thing about the film. It was very disappointing. It's the first movie I saw when I was 12 years old.  Unfortunately, there were things that annoyed me: I didn't like the movies, but I thought it would make for a really good film. But then I had to write a negative reviewing about a movie: It's just not in my top 10. I thought this movie was one of those films that you should rent, you know.  You can buy this movie on DVD. I rented this to a friend when it came out in 2003. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, the title is OK, but it is OK to watch this movie anyway.  The title alone has enough to make me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie does not take away from the fact that the plot is so wooden in its story. It just means that the film contains several scenes that are poorly acted, bad performances that would have been considered bad or even worse.  This film does not tell you about the characters, but rather explains that all we need to know is that they are not acting as humans. The characters are just flat out incompetent people that would be a poor man and the movie only makes sense if they were. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I can really understand is that this is a movie that really belongs in the same league as American Horror Film. It's a movie about a young female. But what I don't understand is how can a movie ever be made with a very good storyline. I had to write a negative evaluation about a movie. I just don't get it. There is no romance or anything. There was no plot, but then how can that be without a movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What makes a comedy film stand out as funny is the fact that the script is so uninteresting and that there's absolutely no point in the plot.  A film that has nothing to offer.  And what is the point of this film, then?  Well, that's about the fact the film has been remade by other directors, that there is an effort to remake the entire film.  This film is not worth the cost of a DVD rental.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie I saw this week when I was 7 years old. It is So Bad It Is Not Funny  The Movie I Saw This Week Was "Hot in the Summer" or "Hot". That Movie, and the movie I Saw Last Week It Was Horrible and Boring and The Movie It Was Boredom, but it is not in the least of a word.  I am not going to write a comment that says what was supposed to be a waste of time. I just saw this movie in my car about 3 days ago, on a deserted beach. It's so Boring with bad acting and bad jokes I thought it would be funny, but there is so much more I can say I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this with my friends. They said "this was a very poor movie that had no production values". They said this had to be a very disappointing movie. The acting was OK and the script was OK.   In conclusion, I would say that a decent movie: There is no movie to compare it to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is so uninteresting, but the movie is so devoid of any kind of meaning. The film is so bad. The script is so unbearably bad, that you have to be able to express any sort of meaning and any kind whatsoever.  This film was made, I believe, in the mid-nineties as an example of how badly directed "Bollywood" was. It was absolutely a piece of garbage even though you would never have heard of it. I give it 1/5, but if you are expecting a complete film, you will be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched this film years ago and laughed for days after it got so bad reviews. A typical review I read on IMDb  "WOW!! this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen! not in a good way! its a horror film, but it is still the worst of what i have seen since the beginning of time.  i am a horror fanatic, but i don't know what the point of this film was, and i am going to find it.  there is a story of a mad scientist and his experiment on the human mind, but no one understood how it worked because no one had ever seen it. its a scary film, and its a terrible bore to waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the only film I saw when i was 10 years old and it is the only i know i have ever seen without having to ask anyone.  The acting is terrible, the editing is bad, the plot is dull, the characters are dull, i feel like i am watching the worst i have seen, but the plot and the acting are pretty bad. The film is like a lot of horror movies, but i can say this film was not.   The only person who was really bad at all these things, but all the people who said they had seen nothing in the film were wrong for watching the film.  What are you trying to say?  I had nothing to say. I'm sorry for the writers of this piece who are trying so hard, but this film made me angry enough to write a negative comment. i'm a person who had never seen anything in the cinema, but saw it many times at the age of 10. i felt sorry for myself and my parents, but nothing more then that. I just don't understand why all the reviewers of this film were saying it was a terrible movie, but they had no clue as to why people would waste money to see this movie.  This is a poor man's horror movie, not one of the worst horror movies i have EVER SEEN, but a poor mans horror movie...  I think the movie sucked, the story sucked, but thats because of the lack of script and the characters.  I am going to go see this film again and then see this terrible movie only once, but only then, because the movie wasn't boring and the movie didn't take it seriously. I can't tell you why everyone in this movie should have been ashamed because they wasted their time to see the movie and watched the movie because they knew it would make you angry. I gave this movie a 2 out of 10, but if you're expecting a movie with a plot, you might want to do yourself a favor and rent this instead of watching this because the story is really good and the actors are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the sort of film I have seen for many years. I was a little surprised that it is the type of film you get if you live in a big city. I know many people who actually like this film, but it the kind of film people get if they live in any major city in the world.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that's really where I disagree with the original movie.  I found the story interesting and at times entertaining.  The fact that the story is so difficult to follow seems to indicate the direction in which the movie is supposed to go.  At the very least I feel that the plot is weak and the actors are unsympathetic, but that would be the extent of the message I'm trying to convey.    If you are looking for a story, a story is the only worthwhile thing in the movie. A story that cannot be told, but simply a story.  However, the story has a major flaw in that, by the end, the plot has completely changed.  A very strange conclusion.  You will hate it and you will hate your country. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could of the movie: I saw this film on a British television in 1972. There are some scenes where they try to rape women, but the rapist is completely invisible and a woman can't stop it. The men are not even there! There are a few scenes where men try to force a woman to have sex. There is no mention of rape, which is very likely because the film has very few scenes, but there is no sexual tension, so the film lacks the message. I don't know why the men wanted sex with the women in this film. It is about a bunch of men and women who live in the small town, but I don''t understand why it would have been so hard to make this into a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when it comes to a movie where the entire family and the pets of the main character are killed, it turns out they are not even remotely close.  I can only assume that they knew about "The Family Dog" and "The Dog Family" and knew "The Great Big Dog" was the main villain of the movie. But it's a very long movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was a "filler" (a movie with an original story line), and the plot line was supposed to be the same as the characters. But the movie did have some scenes that were so unfunny. But it failed miserably to fill in the plot holes in a poorly made movie.  The only other movie I ever saw was the "filling in" movie with the girl who falls asleep and her friends try to talk to her. But she just says "what? What?" instead of "what?" and then they drive a giant space shuttle to Saturn, where her friends meet a couple of other "frequent travelers". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I saw this film on the cover of Playboy and thought I had to give it an "Empire of the Sun" type of review and then get some sex.)  Unfortunately, the film was also poorly made, so the sex scenes were not as bad; the actors did a better job than the writer and director. And the cast was very thin for a feature length film.  (However, you would probably not get the sex. The sex scenes in this film were about as much as the characters were. So you may not have seen it before and this film may have been a waste of time.) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is one of the most awful movies I have ever seen!  As someone who has read this book and saw "I Know What You're Doing", I know exactly what you are supposed to be doing. It, but in my opinion this movie was more like a piece of brainless, mindless, thoughtless crap! The acting was atrocious, though the story was awful, I think they were all directed by someone who had read the book, and they should have stopped before the movie, but at the same time, it didn't get the job done either. This movie was completely predictable and the plot is boring.  I mean, think about it: if your a fan of such movies, you will think that this movie could've been made into a TV movie, or worse, you think the movie was some sort of B film, and you will hate it. This was a waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts a very slow moving story that has no relation to the events unfolding in real life. The movie is a mess of clichés with no relation whatsoever to the characters in the movie and the events happening in real time (even a few moments).  The film is terrible in a way that makes the events of the movie look like they are happening in reality.  In fact, I couldn't see the actors act like they were doing a movie in real-time and I couldn`t see the characters act like human beings. There was no real-life events in the film that I could see and they were all ordinary people that you would see in a high school production.  It's about how the movie ends, the characters go through an existential crisis and the way the film is made in order to create this existential crisis (i think it was a terrible failure), the way people in the real-world react in a very unhelpful way, the way things are handled in the first half of the film and the story of how the film ends and how the characters get drawn back into the real world (which is why the whole thing ended up becoming a movie-within-a-movie) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not in the slightest bit surprised that this movie looks like something that you wouldn't want to waste an hour of your life on. In fact I am surprised. However it it is not that bad at all. But the movie isn't that great either.  The film itself is quite tame.   And the acting is poor. The acting is just plain bad. But it is a very poor film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a special movie named "Godsend", and the plot was about the afterlife of those who had died before they had lived in this world and could die.  I can honestly say I was shocked by this movie. I mean, a movie like "Dead Man Walking" had been a terrible rip off of this movie and had been released in 2002.  However, I can say that I was a bit disappointed. But it was a terrible disappointment, but it was an uninteresting one, but I had to write this review before I knew it.  The acting was uninspired.  For all of the criticism I have read, I found that the script was weak and I was disappointed by the lack of character development in a movie about a homeless woman who had lost her life trying to stay on her own and who is going to start a family together with a single father who just lost his life during a drive-by shooting. But she couldn't have worked a hell of a plot and there was nothing to recommend this movie to anybody. It's one of those movies that is supposed to appeal to everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I saw of this was as the opening of a horror movie I thought was way too scary. And to the first horror film I saw when I was ten I thought this was a waste of time. It.  The problem with this, and with all the others, is that they have no originality. But in that originality, I am thinking the characters were different, but the writing was all awful.   I think the problem lies in the editing, script, direction, editing of these films. The story is about a small town sheriff, his nephew, his girlfriend, and her friend. It is possible they were two actors and the nephew was not in a bad film, but it was an awful waste of celluloid and poorly written. They're just not scary and they have to make up for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film and the director are on speaking terms of trust.  The director is on the other side of the fence in this mess of a piece of garbage.  He comes across as a kind of an anti-social activist. His views on how far a human being can go in a world of mass distraction and communication.  However, even though he thinks he is on a path to the revolution, he ends up being part of the problem, and not the solution. This is the kind of movie that is like "Crouching Tiger" meets "American Psycho", but with a little less blood and guts. It's supposed to be a comedy that tries to make the point that the film industry and people in general need to be able to see every single thing they are making, every day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what I don't understand? And what exactly is going on with the man's face? How come the film isn't boring as in "Rosemary's Baby" or "Ghost Story". But that is a long and very painful journey and the acting is terrible. What I mean is this: if someone wants to get the man to open his eyes in front of a mirror, they should be prepared for a very painful and long journey and not to be subjected to the very long journey we were given. And there we are.  I was expecting a very slow and patient movie with many twists and turns, but instead I saw the man literally getting hit in the face with a hockey stick. The man's eyes literally opened and it looked like he was having difficulty breathing and the sound was terrible. But that isn't an important thing. But it is very uncomfortable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie doesn't tell you anything. The plot is pathetic and the ending is completely predictable. All the actors are pretty okay and the camera-work is OK and everything.  As the characters struggle in the woods and are forced to make it up with the words that the script wants them to use. I'm not surprised by that. They are just there to help build up tension and character development. There's a bit too much drama and action and that's OK, but you still have more in the movie than most.  The acting is terrible. The script is bad. The character development is terrible and bad. They really screwed the movie up and the sound-mixes are awful (they are supposed to be awful). The ending is horrible, just like the first half of this movie.  I just didn't understand that in the first 50 minutes of the movie I was supposed to see the bad movie. This movie is a total disappointment and it's not a great movie. It's just pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie over 20 years ago. I had to laugh to forget how this was made, but that was because it's awful - but not because the script was so bad, but because of bad direction. However, as usual with such movies this director decided to stick with his style. A comedy film from the 1930s - but only in short bursts of scenes and characters.  The film has been shown around the world - but at a time when the first wave of European movies makers were producing films about such films - this is probably the first film to be released as a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so weak, the story has no reason to keep showing up in public in the least bit.  The movie was written by the writer of the original film, director of "A Nightmare On Elm Street".  The plot is so unclear to begin with.  This is a bad film in that way, but the script is way too obvious in its attempt to make a film. If you want to see something else, watch "The Incredible Melting Man" and "Buckaroo Bonzai. Both films are so bad, but only Melting's script is the real problem, but its script was badly written and the story is way to long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, it's very hard to believe that this is a bad film for an indie film or even a low budget film.   I can tell you the director's intentions and the actors were totally under the gun.  It!!!!!!!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But there are some funny parts about it and some really boring parts in this series.  The story is also very good. There are also a few minor flaws in the series. However, none of them are even remotely close to funny. However you'll still be waiting a while for the series to end.  There is nothing remotely funny about the series either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is as plain as day: The acting, sets, location and story were all excellent. It's not an effort of artistic achievement as the producers say. Its a desperate grab for attention. If you want to know anything more about the film it's worth your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is simple enough to be told in a simple way.  The animation, in fact, is quite good, but if you want to see a cartoon with a few moments of comedy, go for it.  And if you are looking for a very good cartoon, go to the first and only animated series in the world with a story that has not been developed to the point of comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I Know You're Out There." The movie starts off with a young couple, but a few minutes later a mysterious woman named Maggie (Meg Ryan) decides to have her husband (David Thewlis) and mother (Gina Lollobrigida) moved to their new home in rural Canada. The movie moves from the farmhouse to the house, which is being haunted by strange ghosts. There is also a small cameo from Michael Caine who also appears in "Curse of the Demon" and "Deathtrap". There is nothing to recommend this movie for a whole bunch of reasons. I know some people think the film was made to scare the hell out of people. But that's just it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some interesting movie features: an interesting idea is to re-make the movie with actors who are just like me, but are not very good (I was a fan of this film). I also liked "T-Rex", which was a great and excellent dinosaur film and it was disappointing. I liked "Cannibal Holocaust", which had me thinking that it had made this film, but I was expecting a very slow-paced film with lots of gore and gory. I really like this film because it made me feel better. It's a bummer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed when I heard the line that says "The acting was terrible, the music was awful, and the song was awful".  The plot is completely ridiculous. They're so annoying, but are you sure that it's only one in a million? The dialogue is, but the music is terrible. No other movie in history has ever written so bad songs, but this is one. I mean, who in the world thinks that it is a joke. This is the kind of movie you'd expect from a B movie, but at the same time you're waiting for the movie to be canceled. I don't know if it is an even worse movie.  I don`t know how long the movie will be. But there is absolutely nothing that this movie can't be. They do their job, the characters are so wooden, so they aren't funny, but that`s all. The film is a bore to sit through. You can skip this because you can`t make it any more.    It is not at all the same level. It has a very limited shelf life. It just is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a big disappointment.   The script has a lot of promise. There's also a lot more than two of us. There are also the two guys. The only thing I could ever call him by name was "Guy," "Guy" and "Guy." They all seem so stupid, but he just sort of got on with it and went on to bigger things in the business.  This should be a serious disappointment. In fact I would suggest you give this a low rating and maybe rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole idea of "Hollywood" is about "bad acting"  I guess that this movie had its moments, but it just doesn't add up 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the few movies I've ever seen that I found that had me angry and crying. I'm glad I found this movie and am sad that I never saw it again. The sound track and the title song were very cheesy, but this movie could have been better than the average. However, there are several scenes that were bad. The plot isn't horrible like what a lot of you people here seem to think it is. I was looking for something to make this movie better and something that was better. I knew there were some scenes that could have given me hope, but I was very disappointed that everything was so fake. If there was no hope, there would be no story, but we all know it can't have been.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, and the cast is weak. But then the movie starts to fade. So you know you've been there before.  There are some actors that are familiar from "Ira Levin," "The Secret of NIMH," or "Stardust," but they are not very well-acted. But they aren't bad.  I'm glad I got to see this movie. I can still remember its bad acting, the fake looking people that are supposed to be there, the cheesy soundtrack, and I even remember that there are really only three or four scenes, which are supposed not to be taken. The acting is so amateur, the script is so wooden, the camera work so amateur. I guess you'll just have to see it with friends and have them try to act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Dictator of Space" is "The Leader of the Galaxy". But, The Dictators of Space will soon be overthrown by The General of Space (The Leader) because The General controls everything because he has the Galaxy in the Galaxy.  "Dictators" is an insult because they have "control" over "everything". So, The General has "control over everything". However, The Leader of Space is "the Leader of Everything". So the Dictating Space is now only the Leader of everything and the Dictionating The Leader is the Leader Of everything and "The General of Everything" is now "The First of Everything"?  "What we have learned" is that the Galaxy's leaders "can influence the stars" by changing the galaxy's "rotating" and "rotation" rate so that "everything" rotates and "everything moves" in the "universe" (which, I assume, the General of the Universe can do) so that everything in "Space" will be "The Fifth of Everything"!   And we learn that The General "can change the galaxy by destroying everything which "has been destroyed".  And "The Fourth of Everything", or "The Last of Everything"' is "Everything".   This means, basically, that the "Galaxy" controls everything. But "The Galaxy" is not "the Universe" - that's "The Creator of Everything's Universe".  The General is the Creator of everything, but "The Generals of the Cosmos" is just the "First of Everything'' - "The Galactors of the World" is The Creator of "The World" and the "Creators of Everything are The First of The Galactor's Worlds".  If the "galactic leader" is the "General" and if the "creators of everything" are "the Dictaters of the Galactrix" - it means that the leaders of the galaxy are now "the Creator of The Universe". This is not an insult, but rather a criticism of The Galactic Commander's failure to realize what he has created.  The "Galactic Commander" is a stupid person who thinks he has been "created" by The Creators of The Galaxy because The Creator has not been "the Commander", but rather "The Commander" and The Commander has failed to realize that "The Universe" is in fact "the Creators", but he doesn't think he has invented
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is OK and the songs are OK because they are good, but I really don't know that because of any kind of plot. The plot is OK because of its weak points - because they have the same flaws. The story is weak - because it's one of those clichés I've been talking about.  However, I've heard that the writing was OK, but the characters are OK (except for the guy who is, to me, the personification of a robot). There are no flaws, no real emotion. In fact, it's a pretty dull movie, but not one of the worst movies of 2007. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie was to be seen in theaters.  This is not exactly the worst movie in the world. It's the one that I will give the most credit to.  The cast of the movie was atrocious and the plot was dull.  My grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the worst case scenario, the entire world (the movie is the best example) ends up on the verge of extinction. The ending scene is like a scene from "The Grudge".  The entire point of the movie is to make people jump through hoops that will kill them. But at a cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the second installment of this film, the director uses an obscure piece of film to describe the way the characters are being drawn into a maze which is designed to be a "deathtrap". In the movie, the filmmaker takes a step back and explains that one day, the maze will collapse, leaving one character dead.  The story is about a group of ten people who get caught in the maze by the "death trap". It is possible that the film was actually filmed on the date of the collapse of the first death trap. It is also possible that this was shot in the years prior to the collapse. The story and its execution scenes are typical in this film. It seems odd that there were two sets of death traps which were only used once a year. The director's script and its scenes are completely illogical.  A "death-trap" (also known as a "trap") is not a death-trap at all, but the director and its actors have to have a "mind of their own" at the same time. But the characters themselves are very illogical too.  But the worst thing about this film is its complete lack of intelligence.   The only thing that is completely in your face with this movie is its stupidity. The main character, the father, seems like he is out of place. He gets killed, along with the girl friend who is pregnant and who knows how to create traps and traps which can trap people in a death trap, is also illogical, and the rest of the cast are just bad actors.  If you want to be even more intellectually honest, I suggest you spend the time to read this book about the collapse, but if you can get past the two sets death traps (the first one being a giant, stupid, stupid trap and the second one being an impassable maze), you will be able to enjoy this film's stupidity and pointless, illogical dialogue, and that's not even the main reason I would give this film a one-star rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely terrible, I feel like I have to go see something else, but it.  The movie is at its worst. The plot is not bad, but the movie itself doesn't fit into that. This movie needs to stick in the film no matter what.  Overall, the movie is just terrible, but terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time as the only film ever made by one of the most prolific horror film makers of this period, the writer/director (George Lucas) makes no sense whatsoever.  I've been looking forward to this disaster since it was released in the early 1980s. I can tell you from first-hand experience, this movie is probably the worst of the bunch. If you're not one of Lucas's cronies and are looking for something to waste your time watching, I'd say go rent it instead of watching this movie, because it's just a waste of celluloid and a waste-of-time bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is, by all appearances, a lot of the most boring. I am not sure if the film was ever intended to be watched in the cinema. The film had its good moments. But I can say that the actors weren't the main problem in the film. The main problem, I think, is that the dialogs were pretty flat and predictable, but that's a problem I can solve.  This film should be given two thumbs down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was just not funny. I laughed so hard because the other characters weren't funny. But the fact that the film itself has only one scene where the characters are funny, but they're only funny in two or three scenes was not because the film was made in the usual Hollywood format, but because the characters were all very unlikable (I thought) or because they were all likable.  But the thing that made me cringe so hard is that this movie has no story and is a waste of time. The actors all looked like they had lived in a vacuum or were in love with one another. I would give this film a one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, locations, costumes, story, characters, and story are all the same as the original films. The only major deviation from the original film is the lack of script and character development which has led the audience to dislike this film as being one of the worst films ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the third movie in the series, but the other two movies, 'Bad Taste', are the only movies I have seen.  The movie starts about a man who starts a relationship with his girlfriend, but he doesn't even say a word to her. The relationship between man and girl is supposed to be 'normal'. It is supposed be a typical 'happy ending' for an 80s gay comedy movie, but instead the movie starts out like any other straight film.  There are no gay clichés, but it is very bad looking and dull, but this is so boring that I will never rent it.  If you want to waste time and have nothing better to do with your life then get this movie for christ sake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when i was in the UK. It is about a girl who loves nothing at all. The girl is also very beautiful and it is a pity. But this movie has a bad side with a childlike actress who is supposed to be playing the girl. The movie is like a very bad movie. So bad movie, so bad movie  The girl looks like a little girl who's life is not good but instead a child who is pretending to be a big girl (no, she is a little big girl) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had forgotten about the bad movie. He had made this movie in 1988 when he was a teenager who went into a life-threatening coma, so that he would never wake up. He did not have the talent he was hoping for.  I really hated and was frustrated at the movie, but I hated and wanted this movie because it was made in the 1990's. If I ever was going to watch it again I would. It was a mess and I have since seen it countless times. And if I ever saw this movie, I would really hate it because of that.  If I were ever going to see this movie again I'd see it only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One scene in the movie that made me think I was in the wrong movie...  The film I rented is this movie's "beginning". It's a shame on our collective conscience.  I can tell you this is my #1 guilty pleasure.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies with a plot and storyline, but this one is the worst. It is the WORST! I wish my daughter would be able to go to China and see this movie so I would know what I was missing and what I needed to do to see her. The storyline is very weak, but the plot is a disaster. It's a real shame that i have not seen any movies like this.  The dialogue is the problem. It makes no sense and i know that this movie is made from the beginning to end. The only problem i had was that some parts in the movie were actually bad. I thought the script was a little predictable and that was the point to this movie. There is no point in trying to make you care.  i hate this movie and am disappointed that it is not a terrible, amateur, amateur film.  I give this movie the worst of the worst and am not sorry about any of the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was released about 3 years ago as one of the worst movies ever made. It's actually not the worst film ever. It has no purpose and it's just a terrible waste of time. It is the type of film that is known to turn the viewer into a fanatical fan of a bad film. It just goes on and on and goes on. The ending does not help matters as is so often the case. It makes no sense, it is so devoid of life it has to be taken out of the DVD case to have it shot into the back of the camera, but you will be hard pressed to get the last of your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is so flat and uninteresting and they all do good things... and even a movie with the name "Scream" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe I saw this movie when I was 8 years old (and I was an adult) because it was not at all that exciting in a way that's expected. In other words it was boring, but they have it all.  They don't know that this movie has only 4 people in the house. It has 2 families and a bunch of people that live in different houses. There are a bunch more characters than what you normally see in a movie of this movie. This movie is just a lot of clichés and a boring movie. I am disappointed and angry because this movie seems like it was made in 1998, but I feel like they should be honest and explain why they made this movie in 1998.  But I won't even say the real reason why it was so bad and they shouldn't even be ashamed of this and explain it all to me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors and the writing were as poor as a man being raped by a gorilla. Unfortunately, the plot is not as poor. The fact that the movie has been censored in countries such as China, India, Vietnam and Nepal, but still appears to be popular.  But there's nothing to see. It is just a waste of material. Avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My only problem with this film is the script which is about to the very end of the world which is so clichéd and the actors which are clichéd (such as the girl in the car).  For a film such as this one, the script must be clichéd; but when it comes to writing, it is not so clichémous. I will give this film a 2 out of 10.  The script contains very few clichés and they're the usual clichés that every scriptwriter uses and we can do much better to them. However, when the film is made on this scale, it's not one of the worst films ever made.  For example, the plot of this film was so bad that it's impossible to believe it, but then it's just so completely wrong, completely wrong. The film is filled with clichés as usual, but the acting was wrong, the jokes were wrong, but not so in every part of the film, but every scene was wrong. There is a lot of characters (though none of them is bad), but this movie is not a "horror movie". The characters were wrong but not right; so no point in even trying to understand why people should care more about the film in the end than we care about our kids. The writing and jokes were also wrong.  So I give this movie a 2, which is just the worst film I've ever seen.  This film has been shown on cable, but there is nothing else special, but I do think I missed the point. The movie is made for television; but only by choice. It's a shame I didn't, because the writing was so cliché and so many people actually laughed at the wrong jokes! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is that the movie is just a mess of a movie made with some of the actors we've seen in the previous films. But they really are a mess to begin with. But this one really took the cake. The plot was very thin (I mean this movie was like an episode of "The Incredible World of Gumball"). But even so, I was very disappointed.  However, the script is terrible and horrible. I mean they were like a bunch of puppets in the "Ghost in the Shell" series. There was absolutely no chemistry to this one. The film was simply the most boring characters in the universe.  But there was no chemistry whatsoever, just awful bad writing and script. This just proves that you need a lot of brain power to finish watching the entire series.   This is the kind of movie that the filmmakers should have made before making another one. It really is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was poor. The music was amateurish. The lighting was terrible. The cinematography was not OK. The movie was shot by an amateur, but by an experienced cinematographer.  In the beginning of the movie, a character speaks in French. The Frenchman starts speaking in English and his English pronunciation sounds almost as if it were not native English. The acting is weak, and it just happens that this happens at exactly the same time in the movie as the French conversation. It's an amateur production, but not amateur.  A very dull, unexciting film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 episodes of this show are so dull, but I can't even begin to count the number of times i've said this has been awful. I do not care for these guys. If you can see past this point, watch this instead.  It.  If you are tired of watching garbage, and you have an empty stomach, do yourself a favor and make the jump. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a horrible movie is about, but there's one guy who is in love with the girl he has to marry and the woman he is trying to get to - but he gets the girl, but the girl's friend gets the guy.  There are two types of bad movie I've ever seen: a girl who is a total jerk and is willing to go along with it, and a guy who wants his life to end -  He's also a terrible guy who can't take any more, but it's a total waste of time!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one, "I'll never be in a coma". It's a mess and it's a big mess, it's not a big mistake and it doesn't just start falling apart. There are two scenes in which the actors in the main story disappear (so they look like corpses, but without the death-bed-scene-style death-scene) and the one where the actors disappear is not a mistake.  The one where this movie gets confusing is when it's supposed to be a comedy movie and it fails spectacularly. There's a really dumb part when the main character sees a guy in a swimming pool with nothing to wear and suddenly realizes that she's pregnant. They must have had a bunch of friends on vacation for this and if they'd known this before, they'd probably have stayed on that vacation with her and they'd have had her carry their child around and even had her try to get pregnant. There isn't anything funny and it turns into a joke that you don't care about. But the jokes aren't bad.  They are stupid and stupid. They are at least not stupid and they're just bad. The movie has one really stupid joke that could have been in the original movie (which I can only assume was in this movie). It's the first thing that is not funny, but it's stupid.   The movie ends in such a stupid and idiotic end because the characters can't find any sense in their lives. This joke is very short, but its stupidity is a joke.  I had seen this movie several times in a day. I had expected it to be so much like "Friends in High School" or "Punisher", but the way it is supposed to end is dumb, but there's nothing funny. I hope you enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After I've seen this movie, it doesn't seem as bad movie, but it does not make me want to see it.  I've noticed that the plot is the only thing that i have not been able to enjoy and this is a very small selection of movies in that.  If you like movies, go see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two leads, the husband and the daughter are just living a simple life and the husband has to deal with his own family and his own life in order to support his own parents. Then a bunch of kids accidentally kills a teacher who was teaching them, because the teacher had been killed earlier. The teacher, who is the mother, gets her revenge and the teacher's revenge takes them all. Unfortunately, when the kids learn about it, they know something is up.  It's about the dad, who has been taking his kid to visit relatives. He knows what happened and he knows the names of the relatives. It's almost impossible to believe that the kids didn't know something was up because they haven't been told the truth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're under age 10, you have a lot of good and amusing bits!  The plot is weak and the characters are... well, human.  The story is not a great plot.  If I were to rate this movie, I have only watched it since a movie was made in 1988.  This movie is the worst of the bad films I've ever seen...  This isn't even that bad film, but a big waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a lot of this I felt the movie was very predictable. But if you're a fan of the genre this movie is the worst one of all. It.  The problem with this film is the premise. The premise is a little bit lame, but in the end this movie needs to be shut down. The problem is in execution and justice. If you want to watch this film I would suggest you leave your expectations at least a little higher than the level this movie was set at in the early 80's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, it doesn't really happen all that often.  It Is Happen When You Need It Most 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only problem I have with this movie is that I have an idea of the plot. But it is a very ordinary and quite boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was good, but the story was not. It was very dull, but it's never been boring. It's a really low budget kind of film.   The dialogue was very poor in this movie. They did a good job. They weren't even good, which is what I was looking for. I can see how an average movie would be so much better than a movie that is only made in the last hour of the movie. It wasn't much better, but some of the things they said were just stupid and unnecessary.  I gave this movie a 1 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, the following quote from the director/writer/editor of the film was quite laughable and, sadly, I haven't seen a movie like this before I rented it.  In the end, the film turns into a rather lame thriller that is based on a guy who is kidnapped in a small Brazilian village and his friends decide to go get him. The problem is that the kidnappers never get their victims to safety. It is not the case of a person who kills them himself, but of one who simply has to wait for them to get there.  Unfortunately, the movie isn't good. I gave this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I would not describe the film in the same category as the "horror movie". In this category, the film gets an F rating because it is a "Horror", but it is also rated as "B-". But then the film "Horrible" doesn't get an F- for a "horrific" film.  But if you are looking for a horror film, this film is worth a rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is so unbelievably one dimensional. It has so many parts with an unknown plot, it has to be the worst part of the film. The character development is so poor, but the character development in the whole film is poor. There's so much going on that it would take an artist working on an art board to even understand what is happening. Unfortunately this film has much more going on than what the character do, but unfortunately it isn't all that. The music is so overdone, but so is the film! The sound design for the entire film is nothing spectacular. The acting is bad (bad in a word) and the characters are bad. The animation is not poor, bad, but it's the music, not the characters.  There's a total of 10 characters and they don't even look like they were written by a kid. And yet the music and the story were not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch this movie then make sure to read this comment: This movie was made on the cheap - which is the real crime of this movie. You should be ashamed of yourselves.  Unfortunately, this movie also tells us that we are supposed to be in this world of dreams. It is about as much as you want. It has no plot. It fails miserably in the worst category - the crime scenes are so graphic and the acting is so poor that you get no sensation for a second. The film is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, which I saw several times at the Toronto Film Festival, contains two scenes which have been copied out of context into a movie about a young woman, who's mother died suddenly, and about a homeless man and his girlfriend. These scenes are not. But this film, however, fails miserably, but that's only because it has poor taste. It's really hard to get into, but the story is, well, flat and dull, though some people are drawn too obviously and the story gets dull. I could have done without any of it. But I've also seen this movie so much that I had a hard time remembering what was really going on, and why, and how. The film seems like a kind of documentary with all the characters of my childhood. But it's also not just a documentary, but a movie, so dull that I wonder if there really is one in my childhood, but it could be that this film was the only way I could come to terms with myself.  If you want to know why this film is terrible.  The story is dull and flat, but there is no denying its dullness and a dull story at the same time. It fails badly, but by comparison with the first film, it fails miserablly. But the story fails badly throughout. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well I think that there is so much to be said for the premise, that the characters are so boring. There is a plot, but when was I ever that much of a fan? But I thought that the story was going to get boring. But I'm a fan of the original movie, and it's not going to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story is lame, but it's boring, and boring and annoying.  A movie, but one of many. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as this movie became available on DVD it was the only movie I saw that was completely unwatchable on my DVR.  I saw this movie at a preview screening at the Toronto International Film Festival last year. The acting is terrible, and the soundtrack is horrible. I don't know what they were thinking. But I am astonished. I couldn't believe how someone could have written this film: someone said the characters are bad at the end of the film.  The plot is weak, but not weak. The script is horrible, and there is the most boring, worst movie I've ever seen.    The only problem with this film is a couple of things that I've never heard before:  The writing is so bad: the cinematography is horrible and the writing is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you are looking for a film that is as bad, and if you want to see something original, don't waste your time.  This is the kind of film that would get you into a hole in the ground, and a man who had no clue what the hell was going on, but could not get himself to believe it.   It would be a good effort to see, as it is a film you should just leave out of your film-going experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young student in a community college program has been studying computer science at night. His tutor, a student named David, decides to make him take the course. David starts to study the subject himself, but eventually finds that his tutors have all been teaching at night when David takes the course, and David starts taking David's course instead. The young man leaves his campus life behind to become a computer science major. The two meet again in the course's final week. David has taken computer science in a class, which has also gone on vacation with friends to Mexico, where it is a huge waste of time. The student's life is at a major crossroad, but it is not what it is! But it certainly is not without its problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is this movie about? It is also known as "Scream." "ScREAM." There is no blood and there is no nudity and no sex. I am surprised that the people involved in this piece don't realize how much their lives had been altered since then. It's a sad story that makes me want to scream and cry.  There is also a very bad plot that is not suitable for younger viewers. My younger viewers should avoid this movie because they are supposed to have no idea what the hell was going on in this movie. In fact, it is one of those movies that only makes sense for people who have lived through so much crap that it has to be removed from their heads. I feel sorry for the people who saw this movie with absolutely no knowledge of the past. If you want to watch it, please do yourself a favor.   A very bad movie that is completely out of touch with everything it touches. But in all seriousness, the only thing that the "scream" people who I spoke to at the beginning of the movie should be crying about, was the sex and violence. The only reason you have to watch this is to laugh at and have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, story, style, and dialog is also a problem. I think this is a terrible mistake. However, the movie doesn't deliver. It's about the "real" problem: the fact that life is short. That's the point. It isn't really so bad at all. I can't complain about the fact it wasn't that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have watched this film at all, don't watch it.  When this film is available on DVD, don`t rent it. If you do watch it on TV, it`s a disaster. I say disaster, disaster. But you`re a disaster, I say this film gets a 1 because you`ve just witnessed two disasters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen and enjoyed a very low-budget version of this movie, and it was very badly made, very unevenly filmed. I couldn't believe I was watching such a movie when I saw it in the theater. The cinematography was poor to nonexistent. The cast were terrible. The script were poor. The story poor. This movie is awful.  But, what the hell. That's all I know. The plot and the acting were completely poor. However, even this movie is not as poor at all. I'm glad I can enjoy the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts as a guy driving his car, but he is convinced that if he can get his car from a dealership that he will not be able to make a profit. It's almost like watching The Incredible Melting Man. Melting man is a funny movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It really is a little bit of a bad and quite a bit of an odd film, but it all starts with a bang. It's an interesting film, and is one of those films that the director really wants to build a new movie out of and build the movie back up. But the film is a bit like this movie, but the filmmaker really needs to be a little more honest in the movie. And then again the director just needs to show more and more honesty in the film...and then again he just needs the movie to come to its conclusion. I give it a rating of 1 out of ***** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that made me want to kill my dog by throwing rocks through a large hole in the floor, or else where I could put my hands on it and then I would lose consciousness. If you had to choose between watching this film and watching a movie made with very few scenes of real animals (including dogs). The only problem I had with this movie was that I wanted to see more. I didn't understand what I was watching. But I knew they couldn't have made it better than this one.  A total waste of waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very slow, the dialogue is uninteresting and the characters are uninteresting. The music is pretty dull, but this is a very poor excuse for the worst, the very worst one is an absolutely horrendous production of a film that only gets a 3 or 4, as its director seems to have never been this uninspired in his career. The story is flat and dull, its acting a stilted, wooden and unrealistic. There is a plot, but its the dialogue that is the most uninteresting thing.  The worst I can say is this is very poor, uninteresting, boring, shallow and predictable.  What the hell did this person do???  But, if you insist that you want to watch this without reading the story then go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out very slowly. In the end the movie ends up in a pile of sand in the middle of the desert where the ancient king, his servant and the princess go after the sand.  The sand was pretty soft so the sand could easily be cut into it by the hand of a person. I am not sure why the sand was soft. It just looks like there is little hope in it. The sand kept getting thicker and thicker and the film looked as if the sand wasn't there.  I do not like the idea of watching it in sand which I can do in real sand. It is simply a waste of.  There is absolutely no reason to ever see this movie. It wasn't that I wanted to waste your time. It was that this movie is so bad, it is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, unfortunately, exactly as it is portrayed in the trailer for this movie.  The only thing that really got a chance was the fact that this movie would cost you your precious time.  You can only think the writer of this movie was writing a lot of "filler" material. You can tell the movie was written with no thought and not with much. Unfortunately, the writer didn't seem to think much. The writers and producers are, of course, completely off the mark, the script (by John Ritter) is spot on, the directing is of the highest order, the sound and production is nothing to rave about.    You have to admit, when you're watching this movie, you will be a little annoyed at the poor script. The acting is atrocious, but the story is just a big disaster. It's a waste of a movie. Not enough to give this movie a 3.2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "It's a shame", but only in the past two months has there been so much bad writing, the plot has been so boring. "It" - it's a movie where there are a bunch of people who go on a trip to see an old friend of theirs and meet each other in a "love hotel". It's an excuse to show how bad writing can ruin a movie. Unfortunately the movie doesn't even try to make any sense or give any meaning.  The acting is terrible, especially the actors who seem to have the least interest in the movie, but there are more bad characters that is just wasted time. That's all I have to say.  I really hated the cast as it is a rather cliché, but it's just the worst that this movie had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so boring, the actors are so flat and the plot is dull and boring and they are so wooden. If you like this kind of thing you are very disappointed, but if you like the whole "it's just like watching the BBC documentary "It's Just Life"  If you liked "It Takes Two," this movie is for you, but watch carefully, you will notice that it isn't exactly what you expected it to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It would be the movie I've been waiting for...  It was just bad, it's not really an award winning effort. However, I felt I'd known what the movie was all that well, but was very much disappointed. I would've given this movie a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "Mystery Men" is one of my all-time favorite movies. There's no reason to start watching this movie, but this one can be a bit much worse than "The Shop Around The Corner" (see it for yourself).  The other two movies are "The Man From Space" and "The Invisible Man" (it's almost like "Space Cowboys", but instead of looking like a bunch of astronauts, they just look like guys in space suits, but the way it's made a bit more like a horror movie and the way a horror film is made a lot more like "Scooby-Doo" meets "Scrubs". The plot and actors are good and it's not like "Possible". And the movie is really one big mess, but it doesn't do it for a long time, like I was expecting.  The plot is dull, it's all really confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was supposed to be, by the makers of the series, as an example of a movie about rape. They made a very weak argument that it had to be about rape and sexual assault in a world where the women are raped. In my opinion, they should have been about the supposed existence of a single culture which was different from the rest. I was offended, but they should know that they are making a weak argument and should apologize to the real victims of this culture, women who are raped and who are sexually assaulted, and they should apologize in their own time. In any event, this movie has nothing to recommend it and nothing to write about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can see the difference between the first and the first one, but I can only see that difference between them. The first one had an amazing script and was directed by a great filmmaker, James Glaser, who made this a cult classic. This film should be available to any of its fans, who know nothing about this film because it is one of the worst comedies in the world. The plot goes into the depths of the abyss as it tries to reach the bottom. It doesn't reach the depths. The abyss is one big joke in this movie. This was one of those comedies that made you laugh until your eyes were literally bleeding out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one is so very low budget, but then it's not that low budget movie I know of. But when the movie starts it's like watching an episode of the X Files, but it's still very low.  The acting is terrible. I mean you have to wonder why a film that has been made about a group of students who are preparing to start a new college in the fall would end with the words "Boredom", but it never really is. But the script is bad.  I don't see how it would even get written. But in the end the movie really is terrible 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all the qualities of a B-movie. The first one is so bad and the last one is, it's a good movie.  The acting, plot, music, acting, costumes are all in place, but there is no story at all, but it's still an odd, weird movie to be from. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However this is the kind of a bad script the director should learn from - it is only a bad joke. In fact, "Gig Youngman" is a joke so low that the jokes are only tolerably funny. His jokes are stupid.  If you are a fan of "Mystery Men", this movie is for you.  My Grade: C  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A comedy film made with a joke.  This joke had the worst effect on my mind. The movie, however, failed to succeed in any area of comedy. And yet, that joke, and the joke fails to make sense. The joke is incoherent. The film fails to work.  However, the film fails badly to work, at least I saw it.  I'm a huge fan of this film, but it's time to call for help.  There are two possibilities, the jokes are lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is "Criminally Insane", but it's a load of BS, and that's the only thing i had any problem with. And it did, but with a few of us and some friends we had a real good time.  But the thing is with all of us friends you really have a few problems, but you also have people who just want to do their thing.  The main thing that i hated in this was the music that they played, which was really awful, but this is about the main problem with music...  The thing that is really bothering me... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I have to say, I think there should be a minimum of 3 films in this trilogy.  I don't think there was a lot of violence in this series. But they should have made 2 movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of friends go to visit with their children.  It is a really, really boring movie, and one of the bad films that we can't wait for the movie to end.   One of the worst that I have seen in a long time, but the movie goes off at an off speed and takes a while to get to its climax.  The soundtrack is dull and the movie has a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film in the first two years of his career, and even though it only gets me thinking about something that is way too obvious and way too much. This is not a ripoff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film version of the film. But not in the film itself, because it's an entirely coherent and cohesive film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some of the "worst" movies I have ever seen. I didn't know what to think! But what am I going to think when I saw this? I am going to assume I know what I am in for. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it is not the worst movie I've seen, and it is the WORST one I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know why the makers of this film don't give it a 3.  I can't help but think that the filmmakers were hoping they had a chance to finally do something to make it, but they probably had a plan, but their ideas were different from the idea that a 3 star is a big deal, but then again there are so many of them and so many bad actors it's not funny.  The only way the film could have been funnier than this was with a big production like The Rookie, when it came out when this film came out, if you were expecting any sort of message for the rest of the world you could have gone for the original. But then again, the original was an hour and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is the problem? I was very skeptical of this picture because the story line of the film is so thin, and the story lines of the book are so thin. A picture this awful: "The Good and the Lord" is so flat and lifeless, but what about the man? The story line is so hollow and hollowed, but it is not in any sort of desperate, desperate situation. That is what the problem is.  "The Lord" can see through the Lord's eyes, and he can see the man's back as well. The story lines are so hollowed that the writer's vision is so bad.  And the man can see his own back, but he cannot see anyone else's back. It is just very flat and uninteresting.   I just saw this movie as a kid, and I was disappointed with the film's direction, characters, and storyline. The movie is so uninteresting, if you are a teenager (like me) you will get bored. But I'm sorry. It's a stupid waste of time if you can, but for some reason it would be a waste of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the movie has something to do with this. I know they tried this before when I was about 8 years old. But the acting and script are terrible and illogical. A few scenes are just way too long. Some of the things in this movie were so stupid as to be uninteresting, but that is it. I could not believe what was said in the movie because it would spoil it for me. That was the reason why I watched this movie. But then the writer tries to save the movie by telling the story in a stupid way which is a waste of words. He just does not. He told it so. But at the end of the movie when he says the stupid stuff which I can hardly believe because it is a movie which was made to promote his movies. But when I think I have read the stupid script, I am amazed because he tells you a stupid lie and is such a horrible jerk. He does not explain what was going on. So I was expecting that the story line was completely uninteresting because the words are meaningless and illogically inconsistent with the movie. I do not understand.  However, the story lines were boring and it just doesn't work. But in the end I was left with the impression that there is no coherent plot. That is really sad. I don't know.  It is really not. It is way too confusing when it comes to the movie and I was hoping that I would like to see more movies like this one. But I was disappointed.  I couldn't believe that the characters were the main reason why a movie was made. There is only one thing that really didn't work which is that the script was boring.  The writing was bad but the dialog was badly spelled. I have nothing against this. But since the movie was a very bad movie, I was wondering if this was a movie to promote something. The writer was not given the responsibility of showing you exactly how awful this film tries to justify itself, but it didn't try to convince you.  What was supposed to happen was supposed be done. It tried to create an intellectual discussion and you get to know who is behind the evil, but by the same token it really didn`t try to create a movie without any merit and that is the reason to see this movie, but to think that it was a waste. But instead of showing an intelligent discussion that is based on the movie, why not a movie that is stupid. I
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to see how such a film as this is going to be made. It's a real waste of money.  I did like my usual and gave it 3 out of 10 for being a film that is "so bad" in a B-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for this piece of rubbish about "making a film," in fact, is just an excuse for a bunch of unedited footage. But then, what the hell was the point of even making a film? It's just awful.  It has the worst script ever I have ever seen. But the point is that the premise is just garbage. You know what I mean.   This is one of those films that just needs to be seen to be believed.  But its a shame, that these guys are making this crap about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is this supposed to be?? What was the point of this?  The premise: What?!? This isn't like The Shop on Main Street. This is just a very plain bad film, without any of the usual actors. But it isn't so bad at all. In fact, it isn' t just a plain bad one. This isn't the worst film I have ever seen. The main problem with this film is the plot. I think that's what we should be aiming for, but I'm not sure.  I highly suggest that you avoid watching this movie. It's just a waste of time, but its a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can say without a doubt that this is a terrible movie of some kind. I can only assume that the director thought so. And I would be wrong. This movie was a bore and a bore. I was afraid that some filmmaker with a camera could get some footage out of this. It was so bad I could not stop watching it (as you can see in the video).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is one of the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  I couldn't say that I liked this movie much, but that was the first movie I saw that I didn't like it. I could say, "I didn't care." I think it will appeal to more people.   I'm going to try and write one review for each movie I've ever seen.  It's not like an old movie with only two minutes in the beginning, which is a waste of time and money.  So why wasn't I mad? The story is stupid, but the film is dull and the actors are old.  If you really want to see the movie, rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad film for me to enjoy watching: I was a huge fan of 'The Lost'. It's like a bad Sci-Fi fan ever got a copy of the original. This one is a disappointment. It's not a waste of a film. It sucks.  The cinematography and production was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping that I would like to see this movie again. But it is so painful.  It Is Horrible, Horrible...  This movie is so mean, but it takes an eternity to say so. You get a little glimpse of the real world, but the ending is an eternity ago, but I'd give it an even lower grade than this one. The last one I have seen, "The Godfather" in my opinion, is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's like when you're in the woods, waiting for an avalanche. The plot is as weak as my arm, but then... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But why in the movie when the father is talking, he sounds like "buddy"? Well, it just sounds too stupid. It. But this is probably the worst. But it isn't even the worst film I've ever seen in my life. I only wish they made a movie that I could actually stand.   "The thing that bothers me the most in this movie are the people who can't act and can't sing." The plot doesn't work for me, but it does seem to be one of those movies that has the most potential to be really bad. There are times when it doesn't feel like watching an English translation of a bad language. There's one scene where the father says "Buddy is a total loser, but then he has to leave his own job, because he just needs the money, because his kids aren't paying him. They just need the money to buy his kids shoes for their 15th birthday. The kids are getting ready for an "act" in the supermarket, but the father leaves his "acting" to his kids, which really isn't helping, but really the movie doesn't make any sense.  The movie is not going to be watchable because it was made in a movie, because they had better production. "There is so much potential in this piece, but there is also so many wasted words. I have absolutely nothing to say, just what the hell was wrong with the kids at the school dance. The acting was stupid. The music was terrible. The kid was going to start singing, because the dancing was not real. The thing that bothered me the worst is the way the kid says his "names" were spelled, because there are hundreds of them in a row. "The script doesn't matter".  The thing I don't understand is that people who like this movie have to act like a teenager (which is what this movie was supposed to be), they have to speak in complete sentences and there have to have only one song in the entire movie. When the dancing is supposed to happen and it just gets really boring. He says "I'm not going anywhere". But this only made me hate the movie more and less, which is what I thought was the point of this film. So if you hate "The First Time" or "The Second Time". But when the kid starts saying "the second time" to the dad, it only seems like the kid saying "I was a total nerd".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I've seen this movie, and my personal opinion of it is high enough to be an annoyance to me. But, after seeing this movie I'm sorry to say that I did not see an improvement in my opinion. But when you're so sorry to watch this movie after reading the book you read, it's no wonder why you don't understand what it was. I don't know why you would need to read a book to comprehend.  I'm not giving this movie any more than it was in the original book. It had its share of character flaws, but I thought that was all. I'm just giving the movie a 2/10 on the basis of its original intention. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that this movie is a bit overrated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie when it came out in the United States in 2002. I didn't understand the reasoning behind it was so bad. But the fact that this movie had such an impact on the way of thinking and acting of many Americans makes it look like a joke.   There's a lot of jokes in this movie and the acting were OK.  I can't say that it was OK if I'm going to. In fact, I can say the same. I can even say that, while it was made in 2002 and 2002, the acting was bad, the characters were bad. There are some actors in the film. Even in this, the writing was bad.  They used bad acting and were terrible. However, they did it badly and in a couple of scenes when the film was badly directed. When they did they were trying to be funny. They didn't even try. That is all I got.  This movie is supposed to be the worst film ever made, and it did. But what's with the actors in these other movies? Don't waste your time.  But I really don't know what to say. It's not supposed to have been a joke and the only joke was the very bad and overrated. However one thing I must say was the idea of the movie. It didn't work that well at all, but I had my doubts.  The premise is ridiculous and I can easily say that the idea was ridiculous. It wasn't meant to be made as a joke like this movie was made.  If you really want to laugh your heads off don't even think about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought I knew how to make a movie: It's a pity we didn't learn any new scenes from this movie. It is an insult to us all. I am glad the guy's name is spelled "Jim". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe a documentary like this was produced by the BBC. The problem with this film is not that it fails to capture our attention, but it fails too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst films ever. But what really bothers me, what bothers you? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What was I expecting from the film? Nothing. However, that was the only thing that came across my mind.  This was an atrociously bad movie. Itself a very weak and predictable plot and not one person in the cast had enough talent to carry the load and make the film interesting. I was very impressed. I will give this a 1 because it was the first film i saw when i was 11 years old, but it's a horrible mess of bad acting and bad direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In short order the story of this film begins and ends as it approaches its first major release date: September 1, 1983, it was banned by the British government. The British Government banned several American films for their failure to present facts: 'The Enemy Within' is a good British film to begin with. The film is so obviously un-American. The acting is so wooden, it seems un-solved. The plot is so dull as to be dull.  This film does nothing for me. It's a waste of time and the whole thing ends with a bunch of bad jokes that will put a dent in your pants. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see something interesting, go to this. It's way too long and boring, and it's way way too bad and boring. But this movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I both love this. I'm a sucker for anything which takes itself so seriously. Itself. The first half of the film is a good introduction to a couple of people who don't go through life, but don't get to know them. A few of the actors are very good, but there are no bad actors.  The script is weak. They're bad at playing characters, but the plot is poor and the action is very predictable.  And, I must add, it's an interesting concept for an independent. It's almost like watching "American Splendor" which was based on the life of a single person who lives alone alone in a flat, gets fed, helps around, and then gets evicted, moves to a new flat, and spends the next 2 years living there alone in their own world.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There were many mistakes that have been made since. This is the version which I thought everyone should go out and see to be honest. This movie made me think that I was in my own reality, but there was only one reality, and that's the one I'm living in right now.  I didn't enjoy it the way I thought most people should be. That is what makes the whole thing possible. I know that most of these mistakes will be permanent because I know I am one of them, but that's not how it feels. There is only one possible reality, or lack of a reality. I don't know what makes a real reality. But it is possible to have any kind of reality, any kind at all. A real reality, a real life.  The people who made this movie were all right and they knew what they were doing, but I would have to say they had the best idea ever.   But the people who liked the movie were idiots.  It's possible to be in your own reality. It is possible for me to be wrong. I can be wrong about anything, and I have to admit that I know how to do it wrong because I've been there. That's not a bad thing.  All the worst mistakes are made by people who make this movie because they were being wrong. In my opinion it was a bad idea, but a terrible movie. I would be happy if you paid me $50 to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the plot is so weak and weak, but the director doesn't really care too much about the story, but does have the courage to tell the truth: he takes a chance to tell it anyway and tries. So the story could be told without using words and pictures.  It's like the story of one of the "Bible Prophecies" -- what the story is, why people believe it, and why do they even believe it. But the "story" is only one of many themes that "Story of Life" should cover and one of several in a film that fails to stand up to the worst.  What? Why did "Story Of Life" fail? Why has "StoryOfLife2" failed? They're both so badly written that they don't deserve to be called "Bibles"? You've got to be kidding me! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, these "so-called "soxers" didn't even have any sense. The first one I watched recently was of the worst possible kind. It's one of the many "so xers" who have come on to the screen with terrible, un-wanted dialog and terrible writing.  As far as I can tell, the writer-director's goal was to portray this man in the worst light possible: the man who wants to be a god in the middle east.  This movie has none of the pretentious, "sovereign", self-indulgent and self-deluding movie that one would expect from "so vier". I couldn't help but to rate this a 1.  "So vier" is just a bad insult for "so bad" - it is simply an insult that could have been used for "So stupid". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I heard about this movie was after I'd been toasted alive by a zombie (who seems to have had nothing better to do with his life). The zombie is the reason why the movie is so terrible, but I think the zombie is a mistake since the zombie has nothing to do.  I don't know why this movie went from being a parody of the Zombie films (which is bad in comparison) to being a spoof of "American Pie". The characters of "Eddy" and "Lilly" are so stereotypical. "American" is so stereotypical, but there is no reason why "American", "French", "German", or "Japanese" could have been made. It isn't funny, but the story is what this movie really wanted to be.  This was a poor attempt of the movie industry to get Americans to realize that they're so rich that they deserve to die. However, it's not the movie itself. This is simply not interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie back in 2002. It had the effect of making me want to vomit. But it's a bad film with so many stupid plots, so many annoying characters. The acting is bad, the dialog is wooden. I don't know why, but my expectation is a joke.  I gave this a 1/10.  It's a pity the director didn't bother to edit the film to add much dialog to the characters. It has a lot more to talk about than his previous one had. But the problem is that, despite it's many flaws, it's only the worst movie. The film's biggest problem isn't that of the writer, but the effects and story. The dialogue is poor, and the script was badly written. It's just plain amateur.  The script is the only thing that is lacking. The actors are the worst. In fact, the acting is a mess, but it's just a joke, it has none of the elements of an intelligent film, and that's all I had to say.   The story is thin and the characters are poor.  No way of putting this together with this one, but one could have. But I think that if a movie made with dialogue like this one had been made, I would have laughed. It is truly a terrible piece of garbage.  If this movie wasn't a joke of an incompetent studio that tries to create the worst film I have ever seen, this could have been the worst of films ever made.  And it only goes downhill from here. The ending was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad that he had to call a reporter and have him sign an NDA so that the journalist could get the story. The producer for this film, Charles Van Sant, doesn't understand that "no man is an island unto himself" (which explains the problem of the narrator's isolation from the rest of the world). Van Sant tells the story with the assistance of three of his best actors.  Unfortunately, we're talking about a director whose ideas are too obvious.   It has been a while since this movie's made. It was an excellent, and it's a pity to know that he's directing this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this movie, DO NOT WATCH IT!!!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half hour of the movie is very boring. I've only seen it in the theater, but I have to admit, if you are a fan of this type of movie, I'm sure you have seen it many times, and I mean many times. It is so poorly written that you can't understand what the movie was about. The characters were poorly written, the script wasn't. You know it is a bunch of junk written by an idiot, it just isn't a masterpiece that the movie deserves.  Unfortunately, that is not the point. The movie was poorly written. If you have any ideas, I know they had it written and you are welcome to try it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can think of a very few films that might have been made better (by someone other than myself, and a couple that might not be) because I was born in 1948, the year this movie was made. I am not familiar with these films in any way. I don't know them in any kind of way.  There are some minor plot holes and loose ends. It is not the greatest film of its genre. It's not the movie I hated the most.  But when you're making a big movie with such a premise, you must have enough character actors and enough story-driven photography (which may not be necessary). The film may have been shot in the early days when photography was first used.  If your acting is at all-time low (unlike the young actors in the film), you're doing yourself a favor by using your phone or the video camera (the two things that are absolutely necessary to achieve the kind of camera-work we are accustomed to seeing on TV).  Unfortunately, if you want a huge hit from "The Mother" (and even if you're just watching the film) you better have a great idea. That is the only film I can recommend for those who want to see something like "Pleasantville" or "American Pie" in their lives. I'm sure the producers/directors weren't exactly sure they'd get more than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, what the hell was I supposed to do? I'm gonna be honest - I can give you three words to describe a bad, awful movie: A couple of guys decide to take an impromptu swim in the Pacific Ocean in a rubber dinghy...  It's not. But then, I'm willing to give this movie a three - but only one guy got away. He was not even in this film at all - he was not a fugitive who could hide from capture.  It was in the original book, in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad, the movie plays like a horror film with the same name as this movie and the story is pretty weak.  So be warned when you are watching this movie, it might be a movie of the week. But be warned that if you really want to get a good horror movie that really deserves an Oscar, then you are going to have to do it.  The movie is a horror, and a "good" horror movie.   I have seen this movie numerous times. It is NOT scary or not scary or is this movie about a little girl who falls to her death after falling down a flight of stairs. But it is pretty scary and the movie has the least possible budget for a horror movie about an accident that will not end well, but it is a rather dull horror movie and an odd movie for a movie that's made in a time when so much else has been lost. I can even call it a "bad movie" when I think about it. It's the worst kind of movie that is just boring in every sense of the word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people just do not know what is going on in a movie, but that's OK.   I am glad to see that some people actually do.  This film is not about a single film (although there is an assortment of bad effects and camera movement).  It's about people who know what's going on (which is all the way down in the movie). The characters are as annoying as I've ever seen in a short movie.  The film is actually not as dull as some people claim to be and it's an embarrassment when you have nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie had nothing much to recommend it. It's really just a mess. It is very sad that people who had to work in such jobs only did so because they had to, but because they worked in such places and had to be paid.  The two main actresses for this movie were the actresses who had little to show. They were both very young. But the film also showed the old actress who had been in the worst movie ever made in my life. The writer had absolutely no clue where to go. He made her appear as a young girl in some sort of school setting in which she sat in a very small school and was trying to learn, but she was also made to appear as one of the teachers who had a grade of 1, which would have been 2 if she had written it. She was very pretty for an older woman and she was the only person I have ever seen in the film who had the acting skills to act.   There's nothing in this film worth watching, but a lot of people who are not really up to speed will either laugh or say this movie was a waste of time because the writer had written a "poor person's movie" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts on the verge of collapse of the city, but the viewer finds the scene unbelievable. When the viewer gets inside the city it's just "a little too large" for him to believe he has been transported to a "new world" where the world is populated by "new species".   In the world of the "new" species "new life", as stated by the narrator, is a "complete unknown", but the story never explains what happens. When it's shown there are people living in cities where they get exposed to the "creatures of the new world", but there is no explanation as to why this "new human race" gets new "species". This theory is ludicrous, but it's supposed to be.  In short: an "creature of the New World" is a species, but only in a new world can a species be a "creatured of the same species". In the first "new Earth" there's a single species that's not human, but a single race that's human and not human.  But that's only the start of the problems. They are so huge and I don't even know where else it can go.  They are a "perfect" bad movie that's just so unbelievably boring.  This film isn't a disaster, but just a bunch of movies and bad plot. I don.t think this movie could have been better. There are some parts that are so boring. Unfortunately "so-called" is the word I would use for them.  I recommend this to anyone who is into the New York City Police Department (NYPD) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film years ago as a kid, but even if you saw the trailer on the shelf, it was nowhere close to as bad. I also remember that it has an incredibly weak plot. I have to say that it's a terrible waste of a bad film, if you don't know who to root for, don't waste your time on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I am surprised that the people in this movie are so much like I am. However, it doesn't have the same problems. I thought that I had seen the whole picture. But after viewing the whole thing, it just doesn't work. I am willing to give this movie a two instead of a zero.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie (especially when I was a junior in high school), but not really as a horror film - it was terrible, but when they made the film. The acting is a bit weak, but it's about a bunch of boys and a bunch other boys that we know from high school. But then it's all about the horror film and the teacher, who is a zombie! The film is a mixture of horror and comedy. It's one of those movies I couldn't believe and I don't know the people who made the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "Stardust" movies is a lot better and more entertaining than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are the makers of this film thinking?  The film is about a girl named Alice who meets a group of people who want her to marry another guy named Steve who wants to be Alice's best man and she agrees to this plan which is very much like the one in "The Prodigal Son" when his father tells him he has to marry a woman from another guy he has met in real life. His Father then decides to take Alice out for the weekend to make up for the time he lost while she was getting an abortion at a clinic which ended up being the worst time ever.  The only problem the film had was that the abortion procedure ended up killing her instead of saving her. She then goes on to have a nice vacation in the summer which leaves her feeling so much better since she felt her life was ending and going through her worst time of the summer and ending up being happier then she could ever have imagined.  This is a pretty good film for anyone who is going through a very hard life like mine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Some people in the audience at the local theatre are convinced that "Death Wish" is a poor choice for movies about violence and torture. The film is a typical horror flick, but it is also a bit much, much worse. This film is extremely boring and boring. The violence, rape, torture, and the killing of people are completely absent from the movie, but the humour is extremely inconsistent, and it's a pity they didn't cut the guy in half or something.  Some scenes are even flat out awful (and in some cases totally idiotic) but this film has very poor production values. The actors are bad, but not to the point of bad acting and a rather lame script. The rape scene is horrible, the acting is poor, but I have never really seen any of the other actors.  There are three rape scenes (two from the very first scene) and one lesbian rape scene (though they may be both poorly written and badly acted). If you have the time, you can watch the whole thing.  I am not going to comment on the actors. However, the two people that I have criticized are a joke, but they both have to play the part so I will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director also decided to release his own movie and his friends got together and rented a car and went on a family vacation. They found a house in the middle of nowhere and decided to have fun on a boat that they rented. But, at the time they were having fun, a large piece of land was suddenly disappearing from the ocean and washing up on land. This was not an island, but an artificial island made in the lake of a sunken cabin.  The plot is weak, but it's nothing compared to "The Naked Kiss". I did not understand that this is not a romantic story, but the movie went downhill when the people started having fun. I don't know what the "naked kiss" is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was about a girl who decides to be a cheerleader. This girl decides to become a cheerleading coach instead. This movie is bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I am biased in the film, but it still has its flaws and the characters are weak, but unfortunately the film fails to capture the feeling that I can only see in a few of the characters, but there are too many to keep the film interesting. The acting is also very poor and the story is very thin. The ending is not a weak one, but rather the film itself, but the script is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real problem I had with the movie was that the movie could be compared to other films of its genre. There was a problem of making the movie a complete comedy. This is the kind of movie that makes you want to scream, punch and run out the door. But I do not know what happens when you hit the door, but I do know what does not. This movie had no redeeming qualities at all. The film was simply terrible. It was very boring and there was one scene in particular that just killed me. The only thing I could do when I was watching this movie was to jump through hoops to get to the next scene. I can only imagine that the characters were meant to be a complete joke.  The plot was the weakest point in this movie. It really is.  If you want the film to become a joke then do not bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Unfinished Men" is a really slow and disappointing feature of the film: the men sit around an office desk, one in front of another and another in the rear. The office is not the only place where a man sits alone and makes himself look like a dog. But there is a constant state of flux throughout the film. A man sits at a bar alone, drinks alone, and sits alone at a table alone while a woman sits at another and makes her look like she has a bellyache. Then the man goes back to his office while a man at the same table orders a drink and a man orders a chicken sandwich. I was in the wrong mood for this film: a man with a belly that could not reach the table. However, there are several moments where a woman leaves her bar stool and walks into a different one without saying anything. This film lacks some of the silliness of "The End" or "The Breakfast Club". The actors are also mostly uninteresting in this film; although the two main male characters are the same, I do not particularly care about them, but neither do I care about the guy who has an ulcer on his neck.  The only other film I found in this collection, "The House That Dripped Blood", is more exciting, and so were I. The Unfinished Man is a disappointing film, but only because its characters were poorly written and played.   I'd recommend this film to those who dislike the direction of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a total disaster waiting to happen.  The idea was to make a movie that is so bad. I think that was a pretty good idea. I didn't like it very much at all. The acting was also bad and the script was very poor, boring or predictable. It wasn't the worst film to this, but it's not as much. In short it is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie this week.  The plot isn't that bad, but you know it is. The music isn't in the movie, but they aren't in a movie either. There isn't a plot, there isn't action, it isn't even predictable. But I thought it was because it wasn't in this movie it was in the actual movie itself. It seems like there is.  I can imagine that this movie is not going to be as poorly written as some of the other movies I've ever seen. I have no idea what people are going to think it is, but this movie does make you think you are watching a low budget movie.  It is a really bad movie, so if you are a fan of B movies you might want to avoid this movie, if you aren't... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title song is one of the silliest ever! It's not even that much of a good movie, but you can't help but hate the worst movie ever, but this is, however, one of those films that most definitely has enough promise to make you want to rush out to the local video store and rent it instead of wasting the time watching it live. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen has to be "One Flew Over", but "One Way Over" should be "Over". The acting is poor. However, the screenplay is worse. The storyline is poor and the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film suffers from an almost non-existent bad and almost unoriginal (or "stolen") version of a common genre in which to film an action movie set in a desert setting. Unfortunately for this "B" is a genre of its own, and "C" is just a different genre. As such it is almost a shame to the genre itself. The film is a "B", but the concept of "B movie" is an entirely different concept, but it's still not a "C".  I think that the director of "The Great Santini" is underplaying this problem. This film lacks the charm and appeal of a B movie. There is not enough time in which an action film could have come out as a B.  The worst "B movies" is the best B movie I've ever seen.  I'm willing to overlook this film for that "C"? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the beginning of the end for "Scary Movie" (1997), but not a perfect end. It was a perfect disaster.  This movie should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a remake of the first ever vampire movie, which is at the heart of the movie. And while I can appreciate the idea and concept, I can't give you my $5.  The concept and execution plot are both poorly conceived and a waste of time.  I'm a fan of a good movie that should have been a great movie to begin with, but after watching the movie I couldn't be a fan and didn't like to have an hour of my life back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so awful. That's why i saw the movie and it was the second time i saw a bad actor in this movie. He was a bit like a child that had been taken from birth and was adopted. That was my only thought. But the movie was horrible because it was so awful and horrible and this movie had no redeeming feature whatsoever. But i'm afraid for the future of this movie... but I'm really sad to see how a movie is made that has absolutely no plot. The movie was so poor in it's writing, and the acting was so bad... but this was so slow and amateur that it made me angry and annoyed. It wasn't that it was boring at all. It didn't waste my time. But this movie has such terrible acting. It's just a bad excuse for a movie.  The film was such a disappointment. There is no plot, the acting is bad or the movie had such an obnoxious plot. I'm glad that the movie wasn't a joke or that it's an insult to other people, but I would never suggest this movie to anyone. It just says a lot about human nature and stupidity. It says it's about an obnoxious person, but what the heck is that supposed to be?   It is a waste of a piece of crap. The actors are terrible. But they didn't work. They were really bad actors. The directing was bad, but they were terrible... and it shows they are capable of doing something. I did like some stupid things. They didn't even look like they were playing dumb. They played like a bunch of babies. They made no sense and they didn`t act like idiots and a kid or a duck or anything... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is completely amateur. It has no purpose. But it has a purpose. It's very predictable, it's got no real message, it doesn't have characters. The characters are all actors you've ever seen before. It can be said that the actors are written better than the writers. They all look like they're on drugs. They don't look like I've never seen before, it is just boring, predictable actors playing very predictable parts. They are, in a word, they are. They really try hard, it really feels like a movie made by people with a conscience.  But in this particular case they are actually actors you can relate to in real life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the sequel to the original "Ghostbusters". A bunch of the girls have gone on to start a college course. I haven't had a chance to finish high school and go into college. The entire movie is filmed with grainy still photographs. This makes the movie look like a series of photographs. The film has been on display in a large public exhibition for two weeks. This was the first film in history to be shown at the Toronto International Film Festival. I gave this 1 because I thought the girl in the band went into a trance and became a zombie. But there's nothing else I can say, so don't waste your time watching this and don't buy it unless you think you'll be getting a good film.  The other films I watched are "My Favorite Martian", "Mystery Men", and "The Lost Boys".  I think most people who are really interested in this film and the other two listed here are very disappointed in "Mysteries of Mars". The film is not a masterpiece of photography, but "My Friend Dahmer" is a pretty good horror film which just blew the whole concept out of the water, but a film that you're familiar with just doesn't work. "The Martian" is the first horror film I've ever seen, and the film has very little originality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful in the movie. It's not a good movie.  There is no action in the film. It is a very slow-paced and very dull film that has some of the worst effects of the entire film.  I think it's a very boring movie. There is nothing to complain about. It works well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film is a disaster of its own kind. If you are a fan of films where "things just happen in a hurry, then this film is for you. The disaster has taken too many lives.  And it still manages to be utterly idiotic. As for the other two films I can see why it is. They are not so. The only reason I gave it a 1 for sheer stupidity, and so many points, it had to be the worst film I have ever seen.  But at least it can be in an elementary school, at least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first of the sequels which I saw was the sequel which was set in the Middle East. This sequel, while in the process of making the sequel, the actors and story had different accents. But the characters are just made to look like Arabs. They are also Arabs.  The plot is a rather thin-skinned and superficial affair, and there are Arab characters just like the Arab characters in other films of the same period and genre. The characters are all good and all of them are just Arabs. There is a bad problem in the way of making this film which makes it look like an Arab film. The only problem I had was that I saw no plot, no drama, no real character development and no chemistry between the Arab and the Lebanese characters. The Arab characters are not Arab because there are no Arabs in Lebanon.   I can say that the plot is weak, the drama is not weak, no matter what happens, but that I did not understand the whole situation well. I can also say that despite all the clichés and stereotyped lines, this film is bad as this film does not make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three are the worst. The last two aren't in this film. They're out there somewhere. If you think about it will make you think twice. There is also an irritating guy and his girlfriend who is also a teenager. There are four other people in the film who aren't teenagers. One of those people is a 16 year old girl who has never even kissed her teacher and her father, and one of those is a teenager who has no idea of life at all. The whole film just makes me want to pull my hair back so that my neck hurts.  There is some stupid stuff that you may or not care about. I won't bother with that, but it makes me mad. But I think I would have been mad if they hadn't showed off the movie at a school dance and had some kind of comedy skit in it. It's not funny and that's OK. The movie just has enough stupidity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe in a world where there are thousands of people who have never gone to jail.  There are many movies that are about people who live in a town and have never done anything wrong. But, it's like the original series. It's a shame to see how the film makers got along. But I would not say that they got along well with the actors and actresses. The actors were fine and the production values were not. The filmmakers did a great job, with the exception of the original director, the one who wrote the original TV Series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this film had a special meaning beyond the usual shallow and predictable "so bad" plot of the genre and the constant use of the word "goshdang."   The only thing that I can honestly say that the film should do with it is to make it.  It's not so much an insult to the genre but to any other audience. It's like I had the choice between watching this film and watching an animation about the protagonist who's in a constant state of shock. You know, because the animators had decided on a point where the shock would end. The movie was not the subject of the movie but instead the viewer is "racked up" emotionally and even "physically" as the story unravels.  In fact, the movie is so much like the animation that it's beyond tedious. I cannot fathom how anyone could possibly think it would have been a waste of time.  But if you're one of the people that actually hated this movie, it may have worked for you. But if the other viewers are like me then you know they didn't. If you're like me and think you should never have made the choice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very very similar to the infamous "Scary Movie," as a result of which this movie is not a comedy.  The first half of the movie consists of an episode, a mini-series about the life and work of one of the lead actors, an old, deceased friend who helps the main character and her young son find happiness.  Overall, the movie is simply not worth watching. It is very predictable, but has nothing that could be considered original. This movie was one of many that was "made in a bad time" that came before the Internet was invented, and this one was among the worst films I have ever heard of.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman on her way to her mother in Africa (where she is an idiot), meets a man who promises to help her find a job. He gets into a relationship with the woman, they go to Africa to find the man who will pay the man to leave. The man is desperate to find someone else, but the woman is desperate for something else, it doesn't make sense. However it is really dumb and in it's worst I really believe the actors and the story were poor to begin with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the first movie was released on Video on Demand this year, it was advertised as an extremely short, low-budget, and amateurish, but ultimately disappointing picture with a low budget and very amateurish production.  As far as I can see, you would get the idea of making more of the films with more expensive production, more of those amateurish camera-work, and more of that amateurish script, and at least the plot was better than the script was, but there is a lot more going on in the film. It's just not a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a total waste of time. It is a typical example of the type of film that has not been produced to be an embarrassment to the public. But this movie is about an American trying to find a girlfriend he has not met before and they are not allowed to meet him. The relationship between the girl and the guy was not developed at this point. It shows the American guy in a total disgrace that they had not experienced before. The guy seems more interested in the girl's potential relationship with the guy then in the American trying find the girl that he loves. He seems like a total loser and he is shown as having failed in that mission. They then go back to their first love.  In the end the girl realizes that she has lost her life and the guys realize they have lost theirs. The girl looks like she knows she has had it. But then they go back into their first place and the American girl has finally found herself.  They go back and forth between love and death. The movie is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen several films with bad acting, so I can say that they're movies in which the plot has a big story line, but it is mostly poorly executed, but this one seems to be an example of a bad film. It.  The director should learn how to do this, and do it for himself. I can't imagine any other story line.   This was the worst film I have ever seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is full of terrible jokes and some people even think it's a parody of The Naked Gun. I was disappointed and upset at the casting. I'm glad they finally stopped making movies after this one.  I can't understand why people make movies for a joke. If you're looking for comedy I would suggest that you avoid this movie by not watching it. Don't waste your time on this movie and don't waste money on a bunch of movies that were made before it.  Don't get me wrong. This is one of the worst comedies I've ever seen. Don`t waste your money or even rent it. Go rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a pathetic attempt at making us all think we're all going to die for no reason.  But we won't, but that's not the point, it's about time. The point is that we are so incredibly stupid about the time we do not have to live in it. It doesn't help us, it just doesn't have to exist.  I can see why people thought this movie was just a time capsule. That is why they call this a "time capsule" film. We are meant to believe it is. What? What time is it? It is NOT a real time capsule film!    I mean come ON! This is the kind of time capsule you would get if your entire life consisted of nothing but pictures. But since we are all so incredibly impatient and so ungrateful and so self-righteous that we literally CANNOT THINK, we are NOT supposed to feel, but instead are supposed to FEEL and have faith in. This film will not make us see things that we might actually want to. You are not allowed to say, "I WANT ALL of the pictures".  But it does nothing for the audience. It has nothing.  That is the point.  It is a really lousy movie and if you are on a "mission of mercy" or "God's will" you will have to accept this film without even looking at the Bible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an absolute tragedy that I won't even try to watch this in the movie theatre.  The only way it could have been better is by switching to a movie not based on the events that the movie were based on. But it is a movie that is absolutely terrible, as it was, and as it will be, and the only reason I gave to it this is for the acting. In my opinion it's just not the movie, but just the way it was written, and was supposed to be.  This has really left me feeling like I had to do something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't even want to. You'll only be able to see two films. They both suck.  The acting was horrendous bad, the directing were terrible, the script were corny and the songs were corney.  I can't believe they managed to get a DVD in China, but I'm not gonna buy this garbage.  In conclusion, I say if you don't like this, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film with a premise based on mental illness, and without the slightest effort, but with only one or two shots, a lot more than a half dozen words of incoherent, nonsensical sentences, the soundtrack, the voice overs, the dialogue, and a small portion of the music.  It's hard to believe that the man is the only human on the planet who possesses a mental illness.   The film tries so hard to be "horror" and its "grief" is so heavy-handed, it's hard not to be moved to tears. This movie is not one of the worst. It's not the first attempt to make a film with two stories (the man with the schizophrenia and the woman with the autism), but it's just plain plain terrible.  The only thing I've come across, but it hasn't been as badly made as in a horror film, but the film lacks conviction and lacks basic human decency.  What a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a first response, I'd give this movie a rating of **** (4). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a waste of time, but it has no redeeming value. If you want to waste your time watching this movie, do yourself a favor and buy the video game. It 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only this that makes me think I'm in the wrong movie, but I'm not sure why this is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I say to myself, after seeing this movie I won't waste my money to see it again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a very strange and very very strange film - I remember it vividly in my childhood.  I think everyone in the theater who had a history of going to the dentist had the same experience. I'd be lying if I said I didn't know that dentist, dentist, and dental are all the same thing.  This is a sad waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a joke. It was an insult. It didn't make any sense, but it was the only thing that could make up this excuse. Then they used the same kind of lame joke that the previous insult was. That was an example of what I was expecting, but didn't get it.  I can understand why this joke was so lame. But what did they expect? It wasn't even funny. It seemed like a joke made in school that was trying to get some points. I think they were trying to show us that this was supposed to be a joke, but if they were it would be a mistake if they did it again in a comedy class.  The joke was made in a way that made people think they could come up with a joke better than any 5 year old child can. But for some reason they decided to write jokes like this. I really wish they would stop. Then maybe we'd have better time for jokes, but the jokes are just not funny.   And I think it's a joke... but I don't understand why the writer thought he knew the jokes that were made in class, but we just don't get any points either.  You know, you just know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went and saw this movie when I was 9. I found it was so boring that I had to take my own 3 and 4 in a day. I really hated this movie because it had so much heart and it had some plot, but it's an indie movie with indie film. It's not just a film. There's so much in this movie, but that plot seems to be much like it's own thing, but without the indie movie genre. Its like the indie film itself has much in common with the movie itself. It isn't just about movies, its about all of life. The cast are terrible acting, but this movie is a whole different film. A lot of indie films are really bad at everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an ordinary kind of movie. But, the way the plot moves at a certain speed was slow because you are watching it for the first time. It's just terrible, if you give them a 1, you will have to sit through it. There is a moment in the movie that reminds me of "The Shop Around the Corner". But, in general, the acting was OK. The music was OK, but the movie was terrible and the soundtrack terrible dubbing was terrible.  The only problem I had with "The Store Around the Corners"  was how awful the guy played. But for a movie, a plot to which there was so little room to talk, that is really sad.  I am just going to say that this movie was crap because I saw "The General". That is really hard to do. I only hope I had the brain cells to understand where the heck these writers were coming from. I will not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the sort that I thought was written by two-year-old kids. I had seen this movie about three years earlier when it came out. I could not wait to turn it off. This was the kind of movie that I had hoped was going to become a cult classic.  I guess you don't know what kind of a cult is and have never been, but this is one of the worst movies I've ever had to deal with in my entire life. The worst I can say about this is that it was very unbalanced, unentertaining, uninspired, and uninspiring. It had little substance, but I know I could have written worse. I've seen better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that would have ruined this movie is titled "BULL BULL". Bull is a great movie by itself. Unfortunately, this movie was nothing compared to the worst film ever made, but if you are a big fan of any film of the early days of British cinema, then you will find this film very annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK to be offended by this sort of thing: it's not OK to watch this, but when you're looking for a film to hate this movie you can also hate the whole "thing" the way you can hate a person.  The whole "movie" in this film consists of an endless succession of scenes that were either shot in black and white or filmed in color. When I turned it on, there was a shot of a man holding a gun at his head and staring in a blank stare. When you're at first seeing it, you can be offended as you watch it, but it's so painfully predictable that I felt I was watching the first of several examples of bad film in history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A lot of the worst films I have seen is from the late 1990s - the year of the Russian movie "Stalker" - and this movie had many of the actors, such as Ivan Denisovich, whom was known to be the main villain of the movie and the main character, which was called "Konstantin", a computer genius who knew how to build supercomputer systems.  The film-makers must think this film was like an excellent thriller. It could have made a lot of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters in the movie are either of German ethnicity or of Jewish nationality, although the Jews are described as being from Russia. But they aren't all that bad.  The way these people try to hide their identity from one another is terrible. In one scene, two people are having sex. The guy of the Jewish nationality is a complete waste of flesh.   The script in these scenes is horrendous. The actors are bad. The character's faces are atrociously bad looking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had it.  I give this movie a 2 for "bad" but this is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the reviewers said, it's a little bit strange that the movie doesn't do any great things when the movie was first shown on TV. The movie is the real "thing".  There is a scene where a couple, one a cop and one a homeless person, are talking about the homeless person's life, in some kind of "wonderland", and the cop is trying to convince the homeless man to turn himself in. The homeless person is a homeless guy with a "heart of gold", but the cop turns down the offer, but doesn't give up his life. The only thing he changes is not the person or the relationship, but the homeless guy's life.  It's as if the homeless people are all homeless people with hearts of gold.  The homeless guy has an idea that if he could only stay in one place, he could get what he needs. In the end he becomes a homeless man with a heart of gold and nothing to look forward to. I don't know why the movie wasn't supposed to have a point and if the people who gave the movie a "thumbs down" when they saw it were homeless people that meant they needed a chance to live.  Overall, this movie isn't very good. And I can't say it's not as bad. I give it two out of ten for the director who made the movie and the director that made "The Crying Game". I give this movie a one because it's supposed to be a very poor movie. It has a movie about a guy who is in a "prison" because he killed a guy that fell on him, but no film about the actual killing. The person who gave it this poor movie is supposed to act like an actor in a jail cell in an old black and white movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of horror film.  I'm just a horror film fanatic. I'm in no way disappointed.  But if you want to make a horror movie, you can. The script is very poor and boring and very unfunny. And the acting is just plain bad, especially if you are over 6 years of age. This movie is a piece of crap that has only been released in Denmark.  My advice, don't waste your time watching this. It has all the things that make a movie about a person with mental disabilities. The special effects are terrible, but the movie is the best part of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is a waste of time. And the plot is poor but dull. But the movie is an even bigger waste of our time.  The premise is that the characters are so out of place. And by the time it's done it's as though this film could be made in a weekend in any city in the world. But it's a waste that makes this film a failure of its genre.  One thing to be said about this movie is that they wasted time in making it. And because they did they made the movie even more of a failure. But even for a failure, it's beyond time. What a waste it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible. The acting sucks and the writing is awful. The music is terrible and stupid. The story is predictable and the characters are predictable.  The story just goes on, but it is boring. The script is horrible to the point, but they all suck. The writing is the worst, but the story of these idiots just sucks. The actors are completely uninteresting. It is not a joke. It has no point.  However, the story itself is completely ridiculous. The movie is a waste of time, but not worth watching if you need entertainment. The plot has no purpose whatsoever and the movie sucks. I can't wait for the movie to get here and put an ad in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason I gave this movie two stars because I knew what was going on in my head.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts from the perspective of an Italian immigrant who is working on a farm at a time when it is already in crisis because of the drought. His daughter falls for a guy in the city, and her mother (another immigrant) wants to marry a guy she knows who is also from the city. In one case the husband is a Muslim. The son is an immigrant who works in the factory. This guy tries to go into the factory, but the Muslim guy, the factory owner and the immigrant guy all try to stop him. In the first case the Muslim man wants to go inside the factory with the son, but he knows he needs money and he wants to get the money by getting the son's job. In most cases they want to get this guy's job, but in a few cases they just want him to work at a factory that is owned by the Muslim boss.  The movie starts with a lot of shooting in the Muslim ghetto with a Muslim guy who is about to have a kid. The movie is an Italian film for Italian people. It is about the Muslim religion. It seems like it is also about a Jewish worker who was in the ghetto.  Then the movie becomes a Jewish movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is all so predictable! The story and characters are predictable. The story itself is predictable. But the characters themselves are not. If the characters are not predictable, the movie becomes less entertaining.  What can you say? There is no point in making a movie in which the characters act as if they were at least five years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would strongly recommend watching this movie for the sake of learning. I would recommend it. But if you want to see a "Worst of the Worst Movies" you should see this movie.  I was looking forward to seeing "Mystery Men" this summer. A man (Raymond Massey) finds himself in a small town where he works as a janitor. He meets a local woman (Mia Kagan) who is also getting by working a day job. And her boss (Jim Belushi) has to go to her to pick up her paycheck. The film is about a "familiar face" (Paul Lynde) who turns into a "new guy". It also deals with the "New Normal" in which the "fiscal cliff" will have devastating effects on Americans who are struggling with their mortgages, cars, and credit cards. I hope that the tax returns of millionaires like Belush and Massey are not "dramatized" in the film. But at this point I think they already have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Overnight" is really, and I know for a fact, one-third of the way the film was released in England. The director did that in about two months, and that just never happened to me. But this movie is just a terrible waste of the time it takes me to see a bunch of people being horribly and unnecessarily killed. The story is so badly and has been replaced by a bunch story about a woman being raped, but only just in the last few seconds there are two people.  The "Overtime" scenes were really not well made. It just got a lot of bad characters, but the characters were the least annoying and most boring, but I don't know how they got those two people to die, but that's it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have any ideas about movies like this, I have one word of advice: Do not watch this movie. This movie is a complete joke. It's the kind of joke that doesn't make sense and are really funny.  But it just didn't make a difference. It was just horrible and predictable to watch. The jokes were horrible and made you feel like you're going to die.  As an added bonus, a couple of jokes were bad, like the "My girlfriend is like that", but when this joke was not funny enough, you'll laugh your ass off. I know that most people here think it's funny because this joke could have been written by the comedian who is famous.  Avoid this movie at your own risk, but if you're looking for a comedy that makes sense and works on a level with the audience then watch something like this. It has very little in the way of actual jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at the end, it comes out to be a very predictable and predictable movie.  As for the film itself, I highly recommend checking it out on DVD or buying this in the store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, the plot was not developed until after his first movie, and he has not released any of the early movies. The director (Pulhc) said, "I think everybody would have liked it if it was released." The actor who played the lead character, who in this movie was an Asian man and was only Asian men, had his voice cast by a Chinese actor who is half Japanese. The plot and the acting were amateurish and poorly written.  The casting was bad. The soundtrack was bad and the movie itself was bad as expected.  As the film ages, the script and production are worse. This is not the movie in its worst form and this is not some bad movie. However, it is a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to be honest - I've always been a fan of this. It's so predictable and predictable, but the script is so predictable. But when we think we can predict the movie - but when we expect anything else - it's predictable.  I've been really disappointed by the fact that the movie has no story, but there is plot. The characters are all the same as in The Rookie or The Rookie 2. They just have different personalities and different problems.  The movie is predictable, just not in the way the main characters do.  It's a bad idea. The bad thing about this movie - which was the problem? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sad movie where one person decides that he wants to become a father, and then he takes it to the grave, his dying wish is to have the body of his dying father be cremated.  The only one in the cast that I can say I liked was Richard Lynch, and his performance in Lynch's films, which made up the bulk of this movie. And that's the only reason I have watched this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is as predictable as I can make it and the writing is as transparent as I make a movie. It's a movie which could be called, and which I could not. If you liked such a movie you probably liked this movie a lot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way the film is shot isn't that bad thing. A lot of the scenes are just awful. Very awful. Terrible, painful and un-necessary, but a lot of them are just bad, unnecessary and uninteresting.  In one of the worst scenes I have ever seen, a bunch of women and men were having sex in a huge bathhouse. The women were naked, but the men were all not.  It is simply painful and very un-entertaining. The production values are average and not the lowest grade of bad movie.  The dialogue is terrible or pretentious or annoying.  A low budget production. Not in any way good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "They're All American" - which, I presume, would be one of the worst films I've ever seen. I have seen the film - but, having only seen it was clear I had to be impressed or impressed. But, it wasn't so awful.  This may have been a big disappointment for Americans - though, I think I have a lot more fun in a lot less cinema. The film was just awful and is a horrible waste of a bad film - and, in spite of the film, there was really no acting. It's disappointing, it's plain stupid, it has all the standard elements of horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager, I was very impressed by this film because I had the ability to enjoy a very long, boring, slow-moving film. I saw this film at a local theatre which was the only one I saw in years. I had to go into an empty theatre to enjoy it.  I've since seen it a lot and hated the hell out of it. I've read the reviews. If you want a film with a lot of special effects and you have the money to do so, see it. It's just like that, but with all the characters talking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is uninteresting and I don't think you're going to get that much out of this one.  Overall this movie just sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviewers here are going to bemoan this film because they have nothing better to do with it (they really want you to do some research), but I'm not in this movie to learn anything.  The acting was very unevenly done. The characters were just terrible. And you could tell from a very small plot that there was some plot. There was nothing.  A must see if you want to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie that should not even be allowed to have a sequel, but they should not have been allowed to remake it. I mean, that's not how it is. I would have loved to have seen this when I first saw it. It is one of those movies that really made me want to throw up a tree and not see something that could actually save a life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is so bad. They just didn't know that. In fact, it's just a complete waste of time. I know nothing of the film or of what the director was thinking when he wrote the movie. I saw this movie when it was first released. I did not like it for the first half of the movie or even for the whole movie. But in the end, that is the only thing I could say I hated this film as. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was in the wrong place.  The script was badly written. And the music was a mess. A lot of the songs weren't.  I have not seen the movie in a very long time.  However, I have seen the video for this movie. And I saw the movie for the first time last Friday. The music isn't terrible to me. I've been very disappointed in "Girlfriend" for some reason. I really hate the idea of "G" for the movie. I mean the movie itself is just a mess anyway. And what do you know? Even if the music wasn't awful, and if the movie had a plot like a movie does. "Girlfight" was a movie of the last minute or two when the whole thing started. But the music is a mess just like "The Sound of Music" or "Party Monster". I just can't say this one had the same problem that "The Piano Tuner" did, but I can say it did not make me angry at the movie by far.  This movie had the problem that this movie had. That's really the only thing I can give credit to. I just think this movie just didn't reach the point where you wouldn't be able to enjoy the whole movie. You can also see that the movie is "poor", and when the movie ends, you can tell the audience "you've seen the worst". "My Girlfriend" is not a movie that you can enjoy, but it had the ability to bring the characters to the point of exhaustion. But in "The Unborn" this was an "act of torture". So this is not the movie where a "normal" story can take the character into a "hell of a lot of pain", but it is an attempt at creating a movie about a person's life.   But for the entire movie, the characters are just "well-known". I was so confused by the fact that the two main characters could be considered "real" people. It was like watching "Bend It Like Beckham", but not in the "normal movie sense. I think this is a movie where they are "supposed" to be real people.  If you want to avoid a movie like "BEND IT LIKE Beckham", then read this and go from there, and don't waste your time. This is a bad film, but one of the worst films I've ever seen. It is definitely
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of bad movies-making, this might have been your worst movie ever, but the acting and music make me think twice about a film like this.   I gave this a 2 out of 10 because of the first part, but only because I am a die-hard fan of the original movie (as an original movie, but not because I have watched it many times before), and this is a big waste of the film in the worst possible way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie when it came out, and I thought it was a total waste of celluloid.  I watched the movie again, but now I understand that it was made on the same day that it went out on DVD in Japan. The difference is that the story, characters, directing and music are totally different.  The director said the story was completely incoherent and the main characters weren't as terrible. This is a bad comedy about a poor woman who has no job. If you think that I'm being a total jerk, and you aren't a total asshole, don't waste your time commenting on her poor choice of outfit. It was terrible.   The only reason I gave this a 3 and the movie a 3 are for the poor script. They had good dialogue, but they were bad.  Avoid at all costs if you want a crappy laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't a bad film that I have to believe I had read somewhere. But it is an unmitigated disaster, although one of the worst disasters to befallen on earth is that of a global warming catastrophe. That disaster being what it is, one would think I have given the planet a shot of the anti-global warming crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just horrible to me as if it were from an old movie.  The acting is beyond awful, the writing is beyond incomprehensible, and the whole production looks like a poorly-conceived amateur production of a film by people who have never heard of such nonsense.  I am sorry that I have to see it if only to laugh at this film because it is so obviously bad, which, incidentally, is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. If you have watched this film, I would suggest you do the same. The writing is bad, the acting is terrible, the plot is awful, and if you have no clue what I am talking about, it is even worse than a film about a badly-made film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a horrible movie, but it's a terrible waste of time (and money) as the plot and an attempt to generate cash in order to buy the movie in its native cinema. In this case, it's only an attempt.  There is some good movie for everyone, and it makes one wonder how people get involved in this kind of movie, so I won't go there.  If you've ever heard of this movie and want to waste your money renting it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a bad documentary.   The whole "Mystery Men" was a joke. The only problem I had with this was the amount of nudity, and the fact that the movie had such a poor script and the characters were so terribly miscast as to make it seem like a film. The problem wasn't just nudity, but the script and acting are the most visible part of this movie. This was probably the worst movie ever in my opinion.  I could forgive that because the acting was so bad. I was so very tired of this. The story could have been told better. I could not forgive them because it was so painfully bad and the story was so obviously one of the worst kind of garbage movies I've ever seen. The movie was so terrible that I couldn't stop laughing because the actors had all these accents and were not able to act. I'm sure there were people in the theater that were either too young, too old, or had too much in common with the actors.  The worst thing about this movie was the fact it wasn't supposed to be a comedy piece. But they didn't act like they were going to have a stroke. I honestly did not expect a comedy-piece film from a comedy film. I expected it to be funny, but I did expect it to come from someone like the director and writer and they had come up with the characters that were so obviously meant to be terrible actors and had never been funny and written before, but they had also clearly come up on their own without writing a script. I really was so tired of people trying to act like this in a way that was so obvious and they were actually funny and wrote in a different tone. The writer had to have thought this movie had potential. This movie had to come off worse than the other movies I had just saw. The jokes in the movie were poor and the writing were bad. The film was so poor that you would expect this to have potential, but that was not supposed to work, but it wasn.  In my opinion, this is a bad film that is supposed to represent the worst of the "Mysteries of the Mind's Eye". The "MIND" OF THE EYE is really too much like a joke, but there are several aspects that are not jokes.  As far as I can tell, this was not a comedy masterpiece but instead just a joke film which could have worked and made me laugh. It is a joke
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a woman having sex with a dog (a German Shepard, a very good actor), her boyfriend (an excellent actor), the woman (who's acting the best he had ever), the man (who never has a script, and whose acting was the best his had ever known), and the man's friends (who all had very large roles). The film was made during the very worst of Berlin's nightmarish Christmas festival. The film is full of bizarre and contrived situations and, if you look closely, at times, you will see some characters not seen in the book. The story is one of an abusive couple, but it's the most disturbing, it's also the most frustrating, but all in all, this movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You would expect an excellent movie in the middle of this year, but in fact the film is made in 2000. This is really just another attempt to destroy this film. It! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first of a few films that I have seen that I don't know how to care for myself. It is a rather small film in a sea of films that's so called. Unfortunately I think its a bit farfetched when I say that the director of this film had nothing else going for him in life.   And in my humble opinion the whole thing is too contrived and the script is just a bit bad and annoying.  But I won't go that far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst part of this film is that it's not all a disaster. It's Not Even A Disaster. But if you ask me it's Not A Disaster It's Just An Excruciating Nightmare.  The biggest problem I had with the film was that it started to feel dated.  I laughed a lot, and it's just a nightmare that keeps you awake the entire time it's running. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch this film, buy it anyway: "Dying For The Moon"  If I'd have the choice, I'd take a chance.  "Moonwalker" is not a perfect film. It is only a failure.  The film begins with an Indian village destroyed by "the Moonwalker". The first Indian warrior is an old man with a beard that he'd grow on his head. "Moonwalkers" is one of the worst films ever made for Bollywood.  I'm surprised I didn't give this film a 1.  And finally, I'll end with this: "Moonwalking" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What about the movie? But that's not the only problem...  This is without a lot of effort at all. But it does have a lot to do. But nothing like "Worst of the Worst" or "Wasted On."  What I do like are the special effects and sets. The cast is OK. But that is about as much as I can take. But if you want a horror film that goes straight to the point, don't bother.  If you want to waste your time or see a bunch of horror, see this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the very first one I saw when i saw the movie, but at the same time the movie was a huge disappointment. But even that wasn't enough to have people angry. In The Naked Gun the acting was poor because the story was horrible and the plot was about people that are so desperate for their lives. But in the movie The Naked gun is supposed to be a horror movie, and the story is about a guy that wants to go live in a small cabin. So there isn't a lot going for this movie, or any of the other movies I've ever seen. The story is a very strange one and at the end of the movie I have no clue how it ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with this, but then goes on and tries to make a movie. But I am glad that people are talking about it. In the end of the movie the characters act very differently than they would have if they had. But what about the people? What about the characters, the plot, the characters? How is the characters different from the people they meet in the future, and why do people keep acting in such a horrible way? Who is the person? Who are the people who keep talking and the people walking? The movie is a rather terrible film where one person falls into a trap and is attacked by a woman who is having sex with the person she fell into. The two end up in a sort of dream state where they act and act in ways that were typical of people who were having sex, but they are only able to do this because they are dead. What about those who act in such ways? What are they, but people? I am going to say that I am tired of this movie because they do it in the first 10 seconds and then they act like people who had sex. But the main thing I was annoyed by was when they decided to throw in the lesbian joke that we had come to know was so much more offensive than the person who had the sex, who just had sex without love, and when they decide to kill some people they just throw in more gay jokes and then just say they are bisexual and they are gay because they only want to love someone in the way we know it was done. But in the end I found that I was tired of it and I am not going to spend any more time on this and neither am I going to waste any time talking about the lesbian jokes I am sick of. But then I saw the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see a movie with one plot: I cannot believe that this film is 100% accurate. I mean, it is a masterpiece of art, I don't think it should be.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film seems to be the weakest film I have ever seen. It also seems to have one of the worst problems with the film. However it does not make any sense.  In fact it seems to make absolutely no sense. It was bad in every single movie and in fact if you really sat through this one you might as well have had your head examined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the principal bad acting is poor. A few of the actors do a particularly poor job. The rest of the film is as predictable as it gets. But the worst flaw I can see in this film is its insistent ineptness. The actors are all terrible people who are in the exact same situations and the characters are all boring. But that was the fault of the writer and director. It is like watching a child play with a crayon.  It is boring.  No one who's watched this film in its entirety should have much to say.  I can understand the writers and director saying that if they had the opportunity, they would write better scripts for something a lot better. The acting was awful and the script is really awful. The only thing I can say that I disagree with is to say that the actors are boring. I didn't really like the characters in the same way as the characters were boring. They just don't really look like human beings and I'm not sure why they had to be.  The story isn't that boring. The writing is, but it just didn't work.  If you don't like this film at all, you're probably going to hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most predictable reason for the failure. You know when something happens to a story like this, I'm going to start crying in a big, dumb way. But the director doesn't. But there are times when it gets boring, but it doesn't get boring. The characters are all either terrible or stupid and boring and the movie ends with some ridiculous nonsense that has been said to be from Shakespeare. I have read the text and have decided that this is a waste of time. But you don't know that, because you have read it yourself. The whole movie is like a Shakespeare play, but there are so many characters that it just gets boring and boring.  The problem with this movie is that the plot itself isn't the same as Shakespeare's. And the problem with that is that it isn't supposed to be good in any way and is just another example of why a movie like this can't have been a good comedy. But this movie isn't going to convince anyone, except possibly some people who have already made up their minds about a story that could have been written and said, "Wow, this really should have been made in the same way as Hamlet or King Lear". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is the only thing I've ever seen in a movie I've not liked in many movies I've seen in the past 3 years.  I'm not sure about it's bad at all. The only thing that gets me thinking that it's an action film, a comedy, an action movie, it's like a joke that the director wants to send to his fans.   There are some parts of the film that are not funny and just not very good at all, but there is no good idea in the film. I really wish this movie had a couple of laughs and maybe they even succeeded, and if this movie ever ends, I would not be thrilled.  The plot and jokes are a lot worse. They're not funny in any way. I also have to give the director and writer credit for producing a movie that's pretty poor and the actors were not all that bad as I had heard about it. This was a movie for people who have no idea what they're talking about. It's a shame that such a huge pile of garbage that the trash can is stuck onto the ceiling of a shed behind a building. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, a teacher is being forced to teach another one about history. He is given the assignment to make this movie.  In case you thought it was a real movie, it is only a bad joke. It is just really bad. A film with two main stars, with bad writing, and the acting is pretty bad, but the plot is bad, and there are bad people. The movie is a waste of time, but in no way do I recommend it to people who are really into bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very confusing. But instead of following the plot to the end...  What is it? It's more like a typical Sci-Fi thriller about the end of the world. It was not "too late".  The plot seemed a little weak, but in my humble opinion, it's one of those movies that will make you think. The characters were interesting. There wasn't enough time to sit through.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the biggest rip-off of the worst movie i've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of film I expected to be shot in India and filmed without the help of a professional team of film-makers. But, in this case it's the only exception. The story line is poor. In fact, it's probably the only one i've seen this year. It's a bad one i can't help with.  The acting is so-so and the soundtrack is also a bad choice.  the DVD release does not come close to the actual movie. This film is a major waste of time and money (in that it's only $9.50 in India, for the whole family). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a ripoff of "The Naked Gun". This movie is so unbelievably bad. The acting is worse. The plot is terrible, without exception, the worst I've ever seen. The casting is bad (even by the standards of TV), but the film is terrible. So, by the time the two actors who played the two leads, John C. Reilly and David Duchovney, and the two new leads, Robert Downey Jr. and Michael Bowen, are finally finished.   I was going to like this movie. I was looking forward to it because of the script and plot. The story itself is pathetic. There's nothing in this movie that isn't contrived. The actors, and their characters, are stupid. Nothing happens that doesn't have two people thinking (which leads to a horrible idea I don't want to see), and nothing happens that is too clichéd. The film is bad because it tries to be a "B" film. There is absolutely nothing for anyone to like.  I watched this movie repeatedly throughout the 1990s. But, to my knowledge, no one said a word about this movie and no one asked me to rate it a 1, which is almost impossible to believe.  "The End of the Line" is just a film from the same script and is as bad as this movie (the two leads are dead, but the movie is awful). The acting was horrible and this film doesn't seem like a film you're supposed to like (unless you like someone who believes in the two main things). I did say to myself that it was a rip-off of a movie made in the last 50 years. However, "The Line" should have been canceled before it was, but I can't even give it a one. It's just another disappointment in a film that is trying to ruin my life. There aren't any real plot problems or plot, by some miracle, the "real world" doesn't get screwed up its collective arse. It is just another bad movie.  The story, the acting, the dialogue, the plot, the character development, etc, etc... all suck. The writing is awful. But this film is worse than the two "B"-scary movies. This film should have ended up on DVD if not for the terrible editing and acting. The two leads (Robert Downey and David Caffey) are awful. If you're looking for a film with
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are dozens of people who have never written such a single word a negative reviewed a bad film and are only this film. In fact the film is not a horror film. But it still relies on a combination of cheap scares and cheap mistakes.  The acting is OK for the time being. The script is atrocious in that most of the actors have never been nominated for a BAFTA award, but they are bad.  Unfortunately this movie has some other cheap tricks as well. The film fails miserably with its two most basic errors: the story is weak and it relies on constant gore and nudity. But then there are many mistakes, so what.  In my opinion this film fails because its "bad" script lacks the necessary intelligence. I think the film needs to be edited for this problem. But the mistakes are terrible and the story fails miserbly to the point where the film fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of films that were simply not funny at all. But I did see a lot that were just not funny, but that didn't make them funny, just make them better.    You want the film to have a life span, and you want a movie to make you laugh. However, the film is so long, but you just want to make more jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a sucker for low budget horror movies! I don't know what's going on in this movie, but I think you'd be a total pain if you didn't.  The writing is just bad, because it. There is some of the bad acting. The cast is OK. The story is weak and it is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie as I was very, very, disappointed. It was almost like this movie was made in a year. It's like, but that's it, because this movie is so long. But when I watch this movie the characters were way to long and the jokes were way too long and boring. But the worst part was the acting. I mean the acting was so very unimpressive and the humor was uninteresting and uninspiring. The plot wasn't that bad. In fact it was all the way worse than some of the jokes I could come up with.  So it was OK but for that I would have expected a much better script. I was wrong. It wasn't boring. It didn't bad and it wasn't even funny.  What do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line has been totally changed.  If you were to pick up a copy of this film, make sure you don't waste your time watching the film, but rather pick up the book.  The film opens with the revelation that the only reason the movie was not awful and you would not be sad. The acting isn't the greatest problem. The storyline and character development is what matters.   The movie is very predictable and, without a doubt, the main character is a guy you would like to be seen around. Unfortunately the movie doesn't work. The characters are believable.  However, the production values are completely out of control. The script is the weakest link of the film. This is a film that people would pay money to see, but they can do what they want. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a comedy, it is a parody of itself. But, this time round the joke is very thin. You have to wait till next year, in an amusing movie, if the jokes weren't funny enough. This is a good example of a bad film from the very worst era of the movie making, with its two sets of characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is really one of the worst movies I've seen in quite a long time. It, But if you're anything like me, your nerves will melt the night the movie's finished.  The plot is poorly written and illogical, but what makes this movie a waste of time is the plot and bad script. A few actors are not good enough to keep you awake for the duration of the film.  I highly recommend skipping this film and avoiding any of the others made under the same name as this.   I don't know what was the point of this movie, but I do know that if you want to see a film that is so bad, I suggest you pick up an early copy of the DVD and rent "Wasted Years" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the premise of a movie called this is a real waste of time. I was surprised to learn that some people actually liked this movie when it was released. I thought this movie was a waste of.  But the movie is made up for by the bad acting and horrible and horrible dialogue. It has no real plot. It's only there. There is one scene where the mother and son are having sex. And that was actually the point of the movie in my opinion.  I guess you can count me in as someone who dislikes this movie. It is one of those movies you just can't really understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie I saw a "little bit of the magic" that is really the real "spiritual path of happiness" where we live in our dreams. I mean, really, how can one believe in a thing like that when everything is so perfectly symmetric, everything is always aligned?  After some time passes we can see the "spirituality" that this movie tries to convey. I cannot believe that they spent the time to write this script to suit their needs. But when they have to write some crap like this script they might be happier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, if you are looking for a comedy movie, you know exactly what you want from the beginning, but don't waste your time on this one.  And it's very funny.  This movie also sets you straight when it comes to the most glaring issues we have, in terms of the government, the religious, the media, the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm trying to watch this film for the rest of my life to see if it's worth anything. I hope the director will make it on DVD or VHS. But if he does, I'm afraid I'm going to start looking at the actors before they start speaking. I won't go into details on the plot, but the dialogue in this film has to be the worst kind of bad script ever I have ever seen.  The soundtrack was a poor substitute for the usual one that was on the radio. A woman in a bathhouse sees the man that she has been seeing for the last twenty years. She runs away screaming, and she's not alone. A man sees a couple kissing and he just stares in shock, his hands on the table and his head bowed, staring at the woman. It was just completely awful. The only thing I could think of is the awful acting and dialogs, but this film did have very bad production values because it was only made up of actors, but it didn't make me want to throw up and go on a rampage. The acting was also atrocious, but at the rate this was filmed, the actors were the most unappealing ones. I don't understand why the male characters were all bad actors and it didn`t just turn out like a bunch of rubbish, but I wish I could have made it last forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I thought, "What a b*tch, man?"  This is a very b*mn bore of time-travel nonsense. The premise is very strange, but it is not very interesting either, but rather has very little value. But it is still a bore of the worst of the time-warped film to the point where it doesn't work, but at least it is one of the only examples of the bad script.  The last time I watched this film I was about 4/10 on IMDb.  I can remember a very long movie, but I don't remember what it was.  But the movie I didn't like was this, but that didn't save me from having to read the entire film at least twice as fast as I normally would. But at least the whole film didn't work. I knew what was going to happen at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie contains several scenes where the women in this movie were wearing the same clothes as the women on the cover of Maxim's Maxim. The actresses here did a great job, but it's really no contest. The dialogue was wooden, and I even got to like the film.  The cinematography was quite good. In fact, it's quite hard to believe that this film was a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A B-Movie: This movie is actually a bit better than a B-movie: The story is weak. The plot, at least, is predictable, but the jokes and the plot are pretty standard and funny. It's just a low-budget B-movies (by B-sider standards).  And the acting is just plain bad in this movie. It is really bad. Bad writing, bad special effects, and some of the jokes are not bad.  The production values are awful. It really sucked... which means the movie is made cheaply. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original concept for the movie is absolutely hilarious. There's the infamous scene where he punches the guy. Then, his mum just pops out of nowhere and just starts telling him that her new favourite film is a "great piece". The film isn't awful as dull. Its not supposed to be made fun of. This is the kind of movie that you have to give yourself a break from if you are a huge fan of the genre.  The movie is so utterly and obviously, it's a shame it wasn't titled simply "movie about a comedy that is beyond belief". The script and the characters are the absolute worst offenders when it comes to this movie. It is a sad film that is absolutely, without a doubt, the worst comedy ever seen. It's not. A film. A comedy? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But before the movie was released this film was a dud of sorts--this is the first of a bunch of bad movies I can think of.   There is a guy who looks a lot like him--but what is he going to do? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think most people would like this movie if they had a heart attack. However, this movie has a horrible twist. I really don't like this film at all. I just don't. I didn't.  This is an example of a film that is so bad that no one will want to watch it, yet, I just can't see it anymore, but I feel no urge to waste my time. I feel compelled to write negative reviews about bad movies: I didn´t expect the filmmakers to make a movie like this, but they did.  It wasn´t even that badly made. But I just didn´T like it. But, it isn´t a comedy, but it has some really bad elements. I don´t know why this film is so terrible and terrible. The acting is bad, but at times it comes across like a bunch of badly made movies.  No, I don't know why it is so BAD that I felt like I had to see something else and just felt more compelled to do something about it. This film is bad at making you hate yourself so bad. But that is what I think.  The plot is bad. The script is bad or stupid or idiotic. A film with this problem can be classified as a movie with serious potential. I gave this a 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So this is going to be the movie I saw the first time I saw it in the theater. If you see this movie you're going to feel like I did when I saw "The Good Earth." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (if you liked this movie) you will hate it just for the fact that it cost the actors $100 million each (they didn't even get that much) so they could go on "Babylon 5". This movie is like "The Avengers: Age of Ultron".  I gave this movie a 1 out of 10 just for being the worst "movie ever made" in a while. The ending is just bad as the rest of the movie is. They only need to do this. It should be given an "E".   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a real waste of a joke. If you think you're gonna make a serious film with this guy, then I'm gonna be so happy and then I'll go out of my way to write a negative reviewing about some lame and idiotic jokes. But you'd have to wait for the joke to end and the movie to end because this movie isn't meant to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have to wonder. What was this supposed to be? A few days before the film's release, and just a few weeks after its release, the actor who played "Brock" was nominated for Best Actor in the World Cinema Dramatic Competition.   The film "Stalker" is, of course, a poor movie. And the film was, at the time, considered one of the worst films I've ever seen, but not by the filmmakers. And that's what I thought when I saw the film "The Last Picture of Spring" in 1972. However, in 1976, I found myself turning to the other side, and began to look for more films that had been made before I had been alive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful and the characters are bad. The only bad movie I can think of that I can see is when the characters turn into zombies. The actors are either really bad, as in 'Shark Tale 2'. I don't think the characters in that movie were in much for me personally. I mean, the whole movie was so badly written that I felt I was in a movie made in 2000 or 2001. The characters are just stupid, the plot is stupid. I think the film itself is stupid and should just be avoided like the plague. It seems to be an open movie about a group of teenagers who end up driving a car with no licence plates. The acting, though, is bad and the plot can be predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad day for bad movie.  But in conclusion it's a big disappointment, and I'm sure you will enjoy this at some point as a movie (as I did!). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel is a mess of a film - and it's a mess because the original version of the movie had the acting and writing that was so bad. I have no idea why this version didn't get an Oscar and I suspect they gave it in a few short years. The acting is bad, and the writing is badly worded. The original version had a lot of funny moments - even with the bad dubbing. There was a lot more going on and a lot less swearing and insults going on.  There was nothing new in the movie. I just hope the movie wasn't made much better or better than it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like "Rent"   My Grade: E  (1)  If you are expecting a comedy film. "The Grinch" (Bobby Singer)  He is in fact a jerk, a jerk who thinks that everyone should be given a chance to make a good movie  This film is a complete mess. There are some pretty funny jokes.  The Grinch (John Ritter) looks like he could use a job. But then we get "The Last Picture Show" which is the best of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is a bit silly; but then you don't want to see it. The ending leaves you feeling cheated, but you don 't feel cheated. A lot of people will agree. It is a movie that people who love nothing about science don't enjoy. You just don't get it.  The script in this movie is a mess, with so many possible mistakes. Not for any reason you can guess.    I watched this movie in hopes of seeing a really terrible movie, but there was nothing to recommend this as an actual movie. This movie could be a waste of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is, to me, so much more. The characters in the film are not at all. But the movie is not at the same stage. The movie begins with several scenes that have nothing to do with what I am talking about. It's like I'm talking to a bunch of eight year olds. The dialog is bad and the dialog is uninteresting.   But I cannot speak for people who made the film. They didn't speak the same way that I am speaking.  It's almost like someone telling me I'm an eight year old. I can't imagine anyone in their thirties, for example, making the same film, but that's me. If I had watched the film for what I thought was a good idea and hadn't given the movie enough credit, I would have said this was a great film, that the script was the best writing ever written in the world, but it is the worst, not the best. The cast is uninterested and the plot is not one of the best things about this film, yet the movie's premise and the characters are not bad and they come across as wooden, artificial people that I was told I could not, or should, like.  The problem with this film is it lacks the charm and intelligence of the previous film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that said there was nothing good about this movie: this movie is the kind of bad movie you are going to get bashed with every movie you have ever seen.  If you want to see the worst movie ever, I have one movie to say, but it not.  It It!  The fact that this movie does not include the most terrible mistakes I have ever witnessed, but contains one of the worst movies I have EVER SEEN in a long time.  That's really a sad thing to see if you are not a total wacko. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Secret of NIMH: The Curse of the Shadow" (1998) is a masterpiece of film, but "The Lost City of Zu" is also a good film, though it has a couple of its own problems.   This is probably one of the worst mistakes I've ever seen.  It is quite poor, but this film gets a bad wrap-up. It is a waste of a "The Curse of Nimh" style. The story is poor as the film opens and the characters are poor as film go and the camera follows the characters through the movie in the wrong light.  This film is the one that should have been made first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early 70's, The Black Cat and The Cat People came together to form a formidable international force. The Cat Army soon finds itself defending an ancient stone fortress. Itself, The Cat and Cat People will only survive for so long.   The Cat Men will have the Cat Army. The Black Cats will have no Black Cat Army, but there will be no Cat Army as such. There will be three Cat armies, with four Cat armies for each Cat army.  This will all be a good movie. I had never heard of the Cat People until I watched "Red Eye" with my children. The two were great. The other three Cat men are all terrible and evil. The movie is also full of bad, unfunny jokes.  I hope someone from "Black Cat" comes up with a script for this movie and makes a "Black Cats 2" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it is not the movie you may have heard of.  There are some of the funniest and most unoriginal movies i've ever seen in a movie.  Some of the actors i've seen in this movie, though. they are far better at voicing than other actors I've seen.  This is a movie that's like the first episode of the first season of the show. and that's the way it should be. It's a pity to see this movie. it just shows how you can't have a good show or movie. i hope it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, I must say, if I was a guy whose only dream was to have his child conceived and aborted (or conceived and then aborted).  This movie is a bunch of garbage, unfortunately the very least of the movie's problems arise.  As for me, I can only conclude that when I rent this movie I may do so with care, perhaps with a large, over-rated, and well-acted comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No synopsis was provided for this film. The one I saw, was a real shame to see. This film is for the very worst. If you've ever been a big fan of "Bubba Ho-Tep" or "Tigerland", if you've EVER been a fan of a crappy horror film, if you're a big horror fan, this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dinosaur Rex" is in my opinion the pinnacle of a very bad movie I've ever seen. This one fails miserably at that. And this one, for the record, is not even bad. It Is A Painful Movie I would Have Laughed Out Loud For, but it should be the biggest movie I have ever seen!   I do think this movie failed miserably in making an impression on the viewer. And then again, I can't call a bad review "Painful". The worst thing about "Dino Rex" and "Scenario Zero" is how the dinosaur is an actual person. I'm sure most people would have laughed, but if you're like me, you would've looked at the dinosaur in a completely different light than I did. But then again if the dinosaur looked like a person, he'd be an actual human being.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've watched The Goonies films, you have seen all the jokes. They're probably the worst of the jokes, but they're not at all. It is a joke, and not just one. But it is a really awful movie, and it is annoying to watch (though it would be even more annoying than annoying), but it's also really a joke. However, I am disappointed in this movie. In fact, the first time I watched this, I felt like laughing in my own face (but, they don't do this). But the joke goes over the top of itself. In my humble opinion, it just does, so it is even more offensive. This could have been one of the worst films I have ever made. But the jokes are at least not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, when someone starts watching a movie, the movie will get boring! If you enjoy this movie, then I highly recommend you take some time to look at the movie.  It...   So, let's watch some of the bad movie. I think you'll enjoy it more than you would with such a lame movie. But, even this is not that bad movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, it should have been made as soon as this was released. The whole concept of the movie was not developed till the end. The plot was not explained till the beginning. But after that, it was poorly directed.  But in reality, it is the fault of the story telling itself. It is the story's fault, not the fault the characters. However, the concept of a story telling a story, as is the case for most movies of its kind, is the result of this failure.  The idea that storytelling was bad, was not a story to be told, but a concept to be accepted and accepted, but not even one single concept was developed to explain how storytelling was a result of failure. It did not take a story out of the world of failure to be a story of failure, but rather to put a different view on failure. As is the nature of failure and failure. There is no failure to understand, but only failure to accept and accept. The concept of story and story were the concepts of failure which we were not told, and when we were told it, we understood it by looking at it from different points. The story was not made into a movie, but we accepted it by the process of failure itself.  This movie failed at its job in failing to provide a meaningful and complete story, which is the only redeeming quality to this movie. It failed miserably. But, this failure is not because of the failure of a movie. The failure was the result because we were telling a meaningful story. In fact, the story was about the failure which could be understood.  It failed at being a movie about failure and failing because it failed at all levels. And it failed miserablly. And that's how the movie failed.  However, it failed as it failed in telling the truth, but failed miserabllly. I give this movie a 1 because of its incompetence, which only failed to be about failure, which in fact happened to the story teller himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a review by a person who works for a big corporation in France called "Nuit Debout", who said he had just returned from his vacation in Israel. His wife had just left him. But the woman had been badly hurt and died on the beach near the spot where they met. This was only the latest of several disasters he had been through. And it isn't all that much of a tragedy.  I had forgotten that the whole thing has a very sad beginning. And the man's girlfriend, his best friend and his other close friends, his father, his mother, his aunt and his dog were dead.  The movie's ending was completely terrible and the movie's plot, plot was just horrible and horrible.   The actors were the worst actors I've ever seen. The acting in the movie is the worst I have ever seen in my entire life. I don't care about this.  A very poor French man, his wife, his boss and the girl, were horrible. The other people involved were all terrible, terrible people. They just were a lot of ordinary, normal people.  It was a pity the ending of the movie didn't suck. But that's all. But for me, the only good thing about this movie is that the man had been shot. I couldn't care less. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film itself doesn't look that bad. Its not that bad and I'm a bit biased because I saw this movie on a Friday and then saw this in a film class on Saturday afternoon. It's because when you rent this film, the movie starts out a lot better than the majority of the movies. Its like, "oh this is sooo much worse". The film has a couple of problems. First is that when you watch the movie, there are about 4 guys named "Jay-Jay" and 4 women named "Tina". But then it just looks like, 'cause it's not real. I mean, you just don't like the movie or get annoyed by it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was only one plot which was not to be written by William R. Riedel and Leopold Kluge were also given two movies titles which didn't exist anymore - 'The Girl With Seven Names' (1993) and 'The Night Before Christmas' (1995).  If you want to see the film 'The Little Men' (1982) you should try 'The Boy in the Mirror' (1989) and the other movie titles (with the exception of 'The Day After Christmas') are available in DVD or on VHS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So what is wrong with this? A man, in the first movie, becomes a woman...  This is the movie that makes you think you are getting laid. It makes you believe that men are "women".  In the beginning of the movie, you are convinced that all men are women and they are having sex with women. That you are a "woman". If you go see this movie, believe that "you are a man". You have no clue that you are supposed to be.   But what was wrong with "you're a man"? Why? Why? It's not like a "bad movie, but you are definitely disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that this movie is going to be one of those terrible horror movies I've heard is ludicrous. In the end, the characters are not the actors. They're simply the bad actors, and this is the biggest example of a movie I've ever seen where you can see an actor in a bad makeup that doesn't make the slightest difference. If you look at it, it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  But, if you're expecting a horror film of the sort I've seen on other movies I think you will be pleasantly surprised. In fact, even when you compare it with the movie you've probably seen before, and the movie that you've likely seen dozens of times, you will not believe this. This movie is a mess of unnecessary gore, and a lot of violence, and you will see the most disturbing parts of the movie, and so there's no reason for anyone to ever see this.  You get the worst of it, which is the worst part. It is not a good idea. It's only just bad. I don't understand why anyone would ever want this. It will only have been wasted on you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the many terrible movies ever made. It will only be a great film if the makers give it a good name.  The acting is bad, the sets are bad, and it the worst movie ever made for teenagers. The movie is a horror-movie.  If you can't stand to the horror, go see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of a child who dies after being mummified alive is a weak point in the whole film, but it's not what you would expect. The acting is awful, but the writing is not as bad or poorly done, but this film has absolutely terrible dialog written in an unnecessarily long winded dialogue that's barely the slightest bit long enough to be understood. This is very bad. But its very bad dialogue, because there's no plot.   The actors are horrible and the writing poor script is very poor and the cinematography and editing are terrible.  I am not in the least bit surprised at what the film does wrong. It has some of the worst acting I've ever seen. There are no funny situations to speak of, but when you're watching this you just have to go, go, and go, because you need to believe what the director says. There is no plot and it makes you feel like a total idiot. It's too long, the story is weak and it's just not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is simply horrible (though the film is very much less of a horror film than this is). It's just a complete disappointment when I've seen it. It's a pity that when it's finally released in theaters this will make people stop viewing this film to avoid it.  In other words this film becomes a horror masterpiece when it comes to the story line and plot of the story.  This film just drags on and on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is shot at night in the middle of the night to capture a mysterious event. Unfortunately, at that point the event begins... but the film begins too early.  The main character is one of those who is not in a mental institution, but is just on medication. It was not filmed in a state of paranoia about someone who's doing something so bad, but in a more natural state of "I'm taking this because I need to sleep, but not because it's the worst film I have ever seen.  I think it is a really poor choice, but it's not like watching a whole movie made by a single director. There's no time to relax.   It's hard to get a feel for the tone of the film, but the characters are ordinary in the way they are ordinary. The director says the film is like watching someone who is about to have a psychotic break. The actors just act like ordinary people. The dialogue is typical... if you think about it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film was the fact that the script was so bad. This film was never a disaster film, but it just was extremely bad. It's a huge waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise seems to be an old joke among friends, but there are some things that people do in their sleep that are not funny. The movie is the only thing I have ever seen that made this type of joke worth a second look.    It The thing I wanted to know: What is up with the guy who has a bunch of duds? It was only my second choice when it was released on DVD in 2002.  This is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the SciFi channel, and the acting was pretty bad and the dialogs were very bad and they were just awful. The music was OK, the actors were OK, but you just could have a lot of fun with the acting and the music.  I mean, it's only OK if your a fan of the film, but I say that it's OK to have a little fun with any film.  If you are at all, it is also OK if you are a fan.  The actors were mostly OK.  But the story is horrible if your are a writer/director. But they are just bad, but they are not very bad at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how to watch this movie, but I don`t think you`ll find it anyway.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when I was in high school, but I'm not going to say I was a fan. I didn't even know it was just a "horror" movie that was made for people who were scared.  The whole thing is a joke, but there are some really bad jokes. This movie is for teenagers who are looking for something more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the worst movie I've ever seen. It is so badly written. It takes me away from this movie in the middle of the movie.  The plot is bad as badly written as a movie is, but it is written worse than ever. It really hurts when you think about a movie being made in 2004. But I really hope for the worst. It's really not worth to see for its own sake.  I hope my daughter would think like I did before I started watching it. My daughter saw it in 2004 when she was 15 and I saw it when she turned 16. She's 14 now and I'm hoping she would only get the message that this is one movie she has to watch to learn. But it is an insult to anyone with the slightest sense of decency to watch this movie and not for any reason. I hope the acting was a joke.  All in all I'm going to say this: there was nothing remotely interesting, but the idea of a 15 year old girl being raped by a 12 year old boy in a school is a poor idea that had to be stopped. It took a lot longer for me to watch it and I still couldn't believe she was a 14 year old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You may think that there's nothing special about a movie that hasn't been made recently. It's been nearly three years since I saw this movie.  This film has only three good and interesting films, and the plot is as pathetic as a joke. The film is an exercise in self-indulgence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity the movie "Predictable" comes to town and starts making a fool of the people who've lived in this flat, but "Possible" doesn't even come close to the disaster that "Punished" is. The plot is really weak when it comes to the plot and the actors. The movie is actually made by a group of actors who don't speak like I've ever heard or would've had to think about.  The actors are pretty flat and the story is not a big one. There's absolutely no chemistry between the characters. I have never laughed like this before, but I can tell you what they are.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the first time a movie was poorly directed - I've seen it several times when watching a movie. I'm not sure if it was the worst movie ever. But I'm surprised it's so poorly directed, and the acting was bad. There's no special effects and there are no big fights.  I can't help but see that this movie was written by the guy who co-wrote "The Omen". "The Legend of Zu". I have only one problem with this movie. The plot was boring. And the special effects were awful. The ending was bad and the sound was so crappy.  The Omen is not bad at all, but this movie is so bad as to be bad. A true waste of time for someone who doesn't have a sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to see the film in an old movie store. I thought it was funny and entertaining. This is one of the worst of them. The script is terrible (or so they claim) terrible and the characters are awful and uninteresting.  The acting in this is not awful. The characters are uninteresting, but the film itself lacks charm.  It is an insult to the genre.  I think that the idea of a B-Movie, with a small budget, and all those actors I would have to pay top dollar to have them do (even though they would probably be worth it in the end). The plot may be even worse than the characters (they just are). This is not the only one of them, but it is certainly not the worst. The DVD menu on Amazon is littered with the worst "A" movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can tell you right now that a film this year could have had a real plot and that it was the only reason I was ever this unhappy...  That's why I gave this film a three (and yes, that's right, it's the first film I have seen since it came out on DVD in 2006).  But my biggest complaint is the way it is filmed, that is, the way the director, Toni Basil, frames and directs the characters in such a way as to convey the idea that they were talking to themselves. Basil and I agree to disagree.   That is, if you're going to use the standard "talking to ourselves" voice-over, that just isn't right. You can tell yourself that you are not the only one who was unhappy... which is good, but you can tell that you're not alone.  In short: don't waste your time on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There were a number of other reviewers who found the movie on DVD and I was unable to find it on Amazon, as well as on many other websites (mostly the site for DVD sales, as I recall), and some of these reviewers found the first three movies and said they would rate it a one and a one, if only the sound was audible and the cinematography was visible. In short, I was very disappointed with this movie, but I am glad that this movie has no redeeming qualities.  My biggest disappointment is that I can honestly say that it was an attempt at creating some kind of sequel to this film, but if you ask me to rate it as a comedy, you will probably get a lot more out of this movie.  A sequel to a comedy with a good title, as in The Dictator and The Invisible Man.   The only thing that disappointed me was in the fact that the first sequel was so much better and original and original as this film and I found that the comedy was weak in any way and the film had no redeemING qualities other than a good script and directing that were so good.  This film is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell happened to you?  The first review of this film was an absolute flop for those with an open-mind. Its name comes from a line that I just read about halfway through the movie.  All this stuff is bad.  This movie is nothing compared to other films like this. It is just stupid crap.  I will never understand why someone would make such a stupid movie. If you're expecting a movie with some plot, and not one that has any substance whatsoever, go ahead.    The acting is poor. It's one of those films that has nothing to do. A waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What happened in the end is so awful and I'm not a fan of this movie and I can see why the actors and the script are so awful. So I'd like to see a movie which is very like this one. I can also see why they made this movie in the first place because they had nothing better to do. What happened after is, at least I hope so. I'm surprised that this movie was made in a country other than Sweden, but it was not one of those countries in which this movie is supposed to be.   In conclusion: It is a terrible movie and the people who wrote the script and acted in it are soooo stupid. In conclusion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line of 'Lassie' is completely off limits - and she's not the only one. There are so many movies to choose from and so much to dislike about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a few times, but I stopped watching it because the characters are so clichéd, but it is so predictable. This movie is a typical example of a bad film that only focuses on male characters in movies, but focuses on female characters in book (though they are also bad characters). The problem I have with this movie is that it doesn't work, but that it is not the worst film I have ever seen in my life, but simply an example of bad writing that isn't worth watching. I would give this movie one less point for the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, by the way, this is pretty much better than I've ever seen before.  One day, I went out with my girlfriend and, if I remember correctly, we rented this movie. But, the movie didn't make me laugh.   I was surprised that the plot was so predictable in any movie. At one point, it goes so far as to claim that, "this movie should be titled 'The Incredible Me'!" It's a movie, and I can appreciate the effort. I have to say, though, it's the worst of this movie, but it's hard to get your mind around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 5 minutes, it is possible to make a mistake with the subtitles.  It It it It It It. It's bad acting. It is horrible. It doesn't even make a decent movie.  But I'm a big fan of this movie. I think the way it was put together was an insult. But that's my two cents. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So it's not very original, but the script is the least terrible and the sound effects (especially for a man, his voice) are as horrible, but they sound as if they were coming out of someone's mouth, they sound like a car engine.  It.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film starring her as her beautiful husband is one of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen. It's like a beautiful dream for the rest of time.  The story is as simple as the snow.  This film is a total bore. But even the acting and sets are unremarkable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's all the worse, which is so bad and so on. That's about as much as I can say, but that's a lot better movie than this is a disaster.  If you have the patience and you can bear to sit through this for two hours straight without stopping to ask yourself how it feels like to watch a movie like this.  You'll notice I wrote this review about the first movie I saw with my son a few years ago, and it's in one of those annoying movie where you have no idea how they were supposed to get this. But I was so angry that I gave this movie a 1 because I thought it was going to be an insult to my intelligence. It was a disaster and a waste of time because they should have done more than just waste the time on this. It's a waste because it's such a waste.  I really could have given this movie less points because I am a fan of Michael Douglas. He's one of the most popular actors ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The world is about the movie and the actors' performance" is a total waste of time. But they are sooooo predictable and predictable, they are predictable. The plot is predictable. But the actors are predictable because they're so good, but they're not so predictable.  And it doesn't matter that they're actors are so good. You'll still end up laughing about it anyway. "The movie is so predictable," says the reviewer.  (The movie isn't about nothing. The acting is predictable.)  (There's one line that is so unbelievably predictable that you'll laugh, though.)  The movie lacks any good plot. The movie has no character development at all. However, it's just boring to sit through.    "If you like seeing some of the worst movies I've ever seen," says a commenter, "you will love it.  If you have any clue about what was going on in this movie, you'll hate it, but it didn't make a movie that good, just a movie to see, a movie for people who want to see a bunch of stupid movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I know my boyfriend is a filmmaker, but it is a terrible film-making machine! It's not a film. It's a TV film with poor production values and bad plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are a fan of British comedy, avoid this movie because you just don't know how to think, talk and laugh at people! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm glad I've seen some other films. The other is...this.   So don't waste your money on the first movie, unless you're really bored. I really think this is a total waste of time and money, but at the end of the day, who the hell cares?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not really going to say that this movie was the worst movie I've ever seen. I was thinking that it was supposed to be one of the worst movies i've ever made i have ever seen and they had the right idea but the script was badly written. I'm only giving this movie an 1 from the worst of the script ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been very skeptical about this movie as the original version of "Godsend" I have never seen.  I was so upset by this one because the lead actor plays the role of a famous scientist, "Dr. Albert Einstein". Einstein is the perfect scientist. He's an actual genius. But it's not even Einstein. It's the people who've been duped.  "God's End" is the sequel, which has absolutely nothing to do with "GODSEND". But, unfortunately, the people duped are the people God, the angels, the demons, and all of creation, the earth, and the heavens. They are the same people that were used to create the world and all the people on it. It turns out that only God knows that he is God, but only God is the one who created the entire universe. "Goddsend" is in the main cast and they play God and their angels.  If there was only one God who created all of existence, it would make for the greatest movie I have ever seen. It also turns out to be very heavy and predictable, but without any redeeming qualities. It starts off in a similar fashion to the original "Greed" as it goes on until it finishes.   It has many of the elements of a soap opera, such as a young girl, a young boy, an old man, and a young woman. I also really wish the writing had improved. However, it just seems like a soap that has to write a bad review about soap opera that just doesn't work, but with a plot that doesn't really work, either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, a big mistake happens while playing this game:  It ends, but in the end it is nothing more.   My final complaint is that the game has a lot of "special weapons" you have to unlock. A lot of people have already unlocked those, but I am surprised to see how many people have yet to do so. It is a poor mans game and nothing like "The Last Game" for example. I give this a 2 because it is a video game that is just a bunch of boring movies with the usual characters you are supposed to like.  I do not like "Shaft" but the game had to have some good stuff and it is an average game of the genre. The graphics are not as bad movie and there is a lot to see and to hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you know the name of a good film: If you've seen this movie and like it, you will hate it.    I had the idea that the film could have been better made. There was an acting and editing that I did not agree with. A few years back I did watch the original "My Favorite Martian" and was so amazed and astonished by the actors. They were so amazing it blew up my television viewing experience and made me hate them. It was a bad mistake. I would have to recommend this movie to anyone who is sick of terrible film. The script is so poor it just blew up from the point that the plot and characters were reduced to little children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is so poorly scripted that the actors all get together and form a secret club. The film tries so hard to make a case for why it into the film. One man says in a low voice, "I have to be honest, I really do not know how to act. The acting isn't even great. It's just annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great comedy. The one I thought I was watching only was a joke. And that's it's a joke of course, but this has been a problem for ages. The original "Beverly Hills Cop" is great. But it's not the original film, but the original insult is one of those jokes I've come to hate as "the one that never happened". The movie starts off by having a couple of characters talk about their feelings of not being liked. But that's the first joke, but it's the one I hated. The film seems a bit tame compared to other comedies I've seen, like "Last Chance U", "The Smokers", and "Criminally Insane", but the joke isn't as funny. The movie doesn't work and the humor really starts to grate on your nerves like "that's what I said" when someone is in the hospital and tells you what's in the refrigerator. The humor is poor, but there is nothing to say that it's "the movie you're supposed to hate".  I'd recommend skipping this if you haven't seen "Bridget" and "Last Shot". I would give this "one of the worst films I've ever seen" but it was only on the level of "that was it"? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie, and I was impressed by it as an example of an extremely amateurish horror movie. But if you were looking for anything beyond a cheap movie, this is a horror movie, but there are too many other kinds of movies.  The main problem with this movie is the acting. I'm looking forward for the day when the acting is completely acceptable for a horror film. And the script is just awful, and the characters just so badly written that you feel you can use "a good time". There are two characters in this film that don't really belong to the writers of the book and movie and so they have to write their characters to fit the book. There are so many scenes just like what I remember from a horror-movie about a serial killer and so many of the characters have similar accents. That's something I will never understand. The characters are so badly done that they don't even deserve to be put in the book, but instead they just look like they came from some kindergarten school play. That, though, is just my opinion.  I'd say this movie fails for all of the reasons I listed above. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only imagine two movies: i have been disappointed for watching it for many years. So please Mr. Smith, don't waste your time at all.   This one is for the people who think the movie was a comedy, which is a joke about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   No actor was a real star in the 70's - no one with an Oscar (the best award given to film actors). The script is what's most important, but no one could have been nominated for this movie. It.   The only problem I had was with the acting. The acting could have used a bit more effort. It was just that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film really is awful. I thought the film was a joke. I was very disappointed with the bad acting and the lack of direction. I feel I watched this film with a certain amount of disappointment and disappointment, but nothing I can say is even close to the full range of disappointment. In fact, the script is awful, the dialog is awful and the characters are horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when it was first broadcast on ABC News. I am a big fan of this film.   The film is not particularly funny. But they don't act like they're trying to be funny. They act like the main characters were trying to make a comedy about a joke. They really tried. But the jokes are worse than they are.  The actors are, however, the jokes do not work. They do not come off as corny and in any way, shape or form, they do not even come off at all. They were the worst. The worst that I could say is that this film would probably have worked. It is truly the worst and the lamest movie I have ever had the displeasure of watching. I had the worst part. The plot is not funny at all because it came off like it was made to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (1) I agree the story is predictable, but that's just me. It is. But the story has to be told, because there's no point. This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I have read the book that is supposedly "The Chronicles of Narnia: Lion, Hardie, and the Unicorn", but that had to be a great disappointment for those of us who enjoy reading and have been disappointed in the fact that the movie had a big, ugly title and there was some pretty weak points in the story.   (2)  But these are so many movies, that the story and characters can't really fit in the time and budget the movie was given. The script was a mess, but the actors were also so terrible, that it is as if they were playing their first movie back in 1980. But there's too many other things going on, and I'm a huge fan of everything that the main character does.  But it seems the movie makers thought the entire story was predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw it many times in the past 4 years. I don't know the details.  I can say from personal experience: If you read the book, you know why. The movie was a mistake. I gave the movie a 1 out of 10 because it was predictable, the character acted like a 5 year old and I think that 1.1 is OK.   The characters were not consistent in this movie. It was very uninteresting and made me hate this movie so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell is going on? What the f--k is the point? Don't answer that question, I'll shoot you.  The rest of the cast is uniformly one of the worst badest that i've seen in my life (which was also a poor mans movie since it was shot on a crappy, cheap black and white film, but that is my story), but the acting is worse than the acting, the story is the worst and the plot is the most boring. A decent script, but the plot will suck if you force your way through.  the ending and the ending of this film are the worst 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has a very poor following with people who actually believe what they are told to believe because of the fact that they are poor. But the writing on the screen is way too long. It is a problem which will be addressed.  This would have been better if it had made more sense. And when the credits rolled it would have looked like this film had been made in a real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a film fanatic. It's a real shame of mine and I was looking forward to another version of this film - "MADE IN CHINA." (I don't mean made in a chinese restaurant, but in a hotel room.) I was expecting it to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I've seen worse movies and worse movie since this one. It may be the worst. I don't know when the last time I saw the film I was 10 years old. It certainly is one of a dozen films I didn't like before "LOST PLANET EARTH."  The actors are bad. The writing is bad. I mean, that's all I can say. "The End" is a lot less of a movie than the movie they shot on a camcorder. I had never seen this version before. The film looks like it was made before.  It's too bad because there are a lot of people working there. It is bad as usual. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with friends when I was 5. They laughed. I thought I was in a coma when the film ended. I watched it and I laughed. It. My friends laughed and I thought the whole thing was made in a few short hours. I think this is a good comedy and I would advise people not to waste your money on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is very obviously a movie to be made into a movie about a child who is in trouble, but it's so bad, its so bad that its really not funny, but not as funny. Its like in the first 3 minutes. And then it just got worse when the characters in the movie try to make a joke and get some laughs.  The actors were all bad and the script was bad and I think the whole movie was terrible to average. They did this badly and really just took one moment and went straight to hell.   But the joke was bad, but the script is just terrible and I don't think its that bad. But the whole joke was just a joke, but a joke nonetheless. But its an incredibly bad movie and a bad one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part was so weak and predictable, but the second half so predictable, it's hard to imagine this film as the sort of thing you would want to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story behind this movie is extremely predictable and very boring. If you can even call it boring. But then why waste your time watching this movie?  I'm a fan of big budget horror and am glad that the filmmaker had the guts to make this film in such a rushed-through way. However, I was a fan, but I was disappointed.  The writing is very predictable. I've only seen this film on cable and watched it over and over again, which is a good idea and a nice surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors have an average of two lines in their mouth. Unfortunately, that would have been an effective line of defence. The two lines were poorly directed or poorly acted (though a low budget director would be forgiven for doing so, and the story is just terrible, but the budget is so small, but it would have cost a fortune to create).  But the two lines just give you the opportunity to make a joke, but don't waste your time.  I am giving this 1 out of 10 because the actors don't work well (though there is little in the way of actual jokes).   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a homeless single mom who falls out with a homeless guy who she knows.  The film's central theme is an attempt to "help" her husband find another partner.   The homeless guy looks like an idiot. He has been living off the streets ever since. He's really not.  There's nothing to like and this film is probably the worst film i've ever had the displeasure of sitting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's some things to be said about this: its a rather dull and boring movie and I liked it. the acting was alright, but there's a lot of special effects (in some spots the movie looked like it was filmed with green and blue filters). the acting itself was OK. i couldn't care less about this movie because it's so much better than the first time I watched it and it's just that a lot. the characters are poor and stupid as usual, the actors are OK. it was the only thing about this film that I disliked in this movie.  Its not supposed to be boring or boring. its just that it fails on so many levels and is the biggest embarrassment to this film I have ever seen and as long as i can live without buying the movie, i will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a group of students planning a "Cumberesque" of a poor woman who lives at a women's residence. She's supposed to have sex with some poor guy. The sex scene is actually pretty boring, and this movie is really, really, quite boring.  A "Cumberbatch" movie with no actors of any note or any interest. The first 10 minutes of the movie is boring and the following 25 minutes is the worst. He goes through the motions until the end of the film. There's nothing wrong with it. But a student could easily come up with better material.  He has to wait until the last 15 minutes to get his point across without much imagination. If this student had any imagination and imagination at all, he might come up more creative than "Curry", but his student has none.  All the characters in this film are awful, but the student doesn't. They act like they had no imagination. But the student's script is boring. In short: the student didn't come up to the point where he could have made the whole movie. The student didn´t come up until halfway through the film, but only the characters had to sit through the whole thing.  The acting is OK, but it's not very "good".   This film has a really bad plot, but everything in the film had to be set in stone.  I give this film a 2.   It was the worst part of a "B" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director and cinematographers of this film are so completely in the wrong. However, the cinematographer's name should have been removed from the script. The cinematographic style is the only consistent feature on the soundtrack. I was disappointed that it was so bad at editing, with the actors playing the roles of actual human beings in order to keep it consistent with the script; the actors played the parts they were supposed to play and the director was the only real person in the movie.  The actors play the parts the director wants them to play.  What I didn't like was that the script was predictable and the direction is predictable. There is a lot more going on than we can see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tempted to Kill", "Punisher", "Hogan", and "Deadshot" make a combined 15 minutes film with little or no suspense, but all the above are the films I've seen in the last year. This film is the "bad film" when a team of SWAT, FBI, and private security officers confront the "leader of the team" and find his hideaway in the remote mountains of Georgia, the only place you will see him, but it is not "bad" or "unworthy of a nomination". But you do know that it has a few flaws, but I think it is the film that is truly the "worst case scenario". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie I thought to myself that it could possibly be considered as a real movie. However, I believe that it is the worst of the movies when it comes to a horror movie. This movie is the main reason to watch this film when it has been released in the past.  The plot is predictable and the dialogue is wooden and predictable. And if you are like me and know that you will probably never see a movie like this in your life, this film is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, the characters, and the characters were all the same, and were supposed to be the same - which means if you read the book and you learn about the end of the world in the book, you will never get it.  The movie was full of pointless plot and had an average plot. There was a movie that I've seen several times that I thought was quite boring. I just really hate this guy, but he is an idiot. But I really hated the movie more than I hated the book.  But this movie didn't really work. But if you are not willing to give this movie the benefit of the doubt, I'd suggest it would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that bothered me most: I read the book, and in the very beginning of the book it has a very interesting description of the life of the main character, and then the movie has a good point that you don't usually see in movies. He really can't do much without losing something important, but you can still get more out of the story.  The only really disappointing part of the movie is the fact that it fails on every level. The movie is as short as this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea why this film is a total waste of celluloid and I am very disappointed by the fact that we have not seen anything remotely remotely close to this film.  The acting is horrible and unbelievable, the story is predictable and the soundtrack is very, very annoying, and the special effects are beyond par.  I am a little surprised, and even sadder, because I have not been following this film with a lot of curiosity and thought. This film is not terrible at all. The only problem I can think of with this film in the world of cinema is that it has been directed in an art-house production where the actors are actors and the story, in some small part, are also actors. It's a shame to see that in spite of what was written, the characters in the film were completely unknown and in some cases very uninteresting. And that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to say that this was the first of the many movies based on a bad series of films. The first one is only available on VHS tape or DVD. The other is available on Video nasties such as Blockbuster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   The acting is the worst part of the film. As usual I think it will be a disaster.  It It It  It's like watching a movie in a day, but in the long run it's worse. A total waste of time and energy.  I've also been disappointed with the film, but there was nothing wrong with the script. It's not like "Buddy Holly" meets "Mystery Men." But it's just the worst of the times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to save the world, the main character and a couple of other minor characters meet up with a group of boys in search of help in rescuing a girl they think is their own.  The boy who rescues the girl is later revealed to be a boy himself, but the two main characters do not.  One character is also revealed to have been a girl, but not the girl herself.  I can't fathom how someone could get something so utterly bizarre without making up for the poor acting and character development. It's an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad and I hate it so.  The script is terrible, and I can't even stand it's just the most painful movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the most famous jokes in this movie is that people are making this film for free because the DVD format is available in the United States. I did like the idea that the movie is only a comedy experiment. It is just a big pile of crap I can remember. But this film is not really a comedy. I thought it is a comedy and a thriller, but the film is also just annoying when it comes to the end, but they are in the same genre of comedy and film as the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for years. It was on DVD, but it just got lost. I remember being amazed by a few of the actors as though their faces were really awful. And this movie just gets worse. The only reason I can see this at all is that the plot is terrible and excuse me, I'm afraid I don't want to waste my time looking at them and making a movie like this in my spare time. I can only wish they'd use my name and stop making movies like this. And don't waste your time, even if you've never made a movie, try watching this with friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, a movie I saw while in college was the first movie I had ever seen in my life. I thought I had seen one good movie when I saw it the first time I saw this movie. I didn't expect to be in the movie when this movie was made.  I found this movie annoying and, if you have never seen it, you will hate this movie a little bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is without question or without comment... it is the most amateuriest of movies you have ever seen... its only reason to be released...  The first time I saw this movie, I thought it was just a waste of celluloid, the same way most of the movies I have ever rented or seen was without question... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie would have been far better for the entire movie.  This is the movie that i was disappointed about. it would have made much more sense then, but the director was really bad. this was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life.  this movie had to be one of the worst movies i have seen in a long time. this movie should be on a bad list of worst movie I have ever had the displeasure of watching. this could of been 1 of the movies that is worst movies of all time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can tell you, right this minute, that it was "really bad", but I don't know what you're doing.  I was in the audience, as one of them, I thought I was sitting in the wrong place. I didn't know why you'd want to. I'm not one to criticize.  The ending of the film is the only reason to watch.  There's also an episode with a guy who looks like a werewolf, except he's not wearing a goat mask.   The main characters in the series, especially the "bad guy" with the "wolf's head" thing, are all so-so boring, because the "werewolf" thing is just a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This may be the single greatest film I've ever seen. I would not recommend this to anyone without checking.  I can tell you the name of the director who wrote this film, and how much they paid for it. The name was "Dawson", and the production was handled by one of the biggest names of Hollywood in the film-making business. He just did not like it. I just did.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was impressed by this rather bland, "so-so". I'm glad I watched it it's not too terrible. It's just one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Unfortunately, it isn't one of many movies I have ever walked out on seeing. A comedy based around a group of friends having a good night and being forced to go to a bar to get another friend of theirs. But the script in the film seems like it was written by a person who was drunk when watching this film. And although I knew it was an excellent comedy, it's only in movies theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is of a boy who meets a girl he meets, his mother finds out that he is not her son, but her cousin's. They are both very old and very poor, yet only his mother knows that this is not the reason why she has to make him pay.  The only other explanation I can give is that he has never met this girl before, and thus they both think that they know what they are in for when this girl becomes his mother's.  So I cannot believe that this girl is a murderer who kills her husband (and her father's), and then starts killing her mother in order to get the money she wants. She tells me she wants her husband to be killed instead, but that the money he got is not his, but the money I want to kill him. I have to go all in because the girl does not believe in God, or the afterlife (and there are very few other people who think she is doing this to get money, but not many, but she is a child who has never seen a real life fairy story).  The film is not bad, but I would still like to know how to get away from this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending is truly awful, but it has been one of the worst movies i've ever seen, but the first 15 minutes is the only time i've seen anything like this, but its worst mistake is in the movie, but this is the one i feel the worst. Its one of those movies i think people need to learn from, but people like me, i don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've always thought, in an ideal world, it would have been possible for someone to have a good story. There is certainly no point in watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor, but what's wrong with the whole idea of "acting"? I knew they didn't act because they knew that their character was going to be one of my friends. What was I expecting from this movie? I was expecting a film like, the third or fourth film I've ever seen, in my opinion one of those three films I didn't really enjoy. "Mysterious Minds", "The Black Cat", "Bid Time Return" and "Sucker Punch" come to mind. But it seems to be a waste of time watching this movie. The acting was also OK. It was like, wait a second, I hate watching films like this. I don't know how it will end. But the idea of an amateurish film without a story is laughable. The ending had a very amateurish script, but the story, the characters were terrible. The dialogue was poor and badly conceived. The story was very badly conceived and uninteresting. However, the idea behind this movie was uninteresting in any way, but it's one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   I'm not really sure why this "poor" film was so uninteresting, but, this is not as amateur as this movie has many.  Overall, the story is poorly written, but this movie is not worth a big time. The last part is awful at all, but only one thing that is truly horrible. I'm sorry, that's only one reason I'll never watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought this was a waste of time I'm going to suggest you read the comments in the preview section of IMDb to see who wrote the comments. In fact, it was just plain plain terrible because it. I don't know who the writers were. But this movie is just an insult to the writer (and writer) by the writer and writer's friend. The writer (not the director) should have written something better than this. The director should have stopped this because it has not been written by a writer.  In conclusion: I went to a cinema screening of this last night because the director's friend's name was on the cover (though I can only assume the director of "Cannibal Holocaust" wrote the script). I am appalled at the stupidity of the writer to write such a comment and it should have been the writer's own idea. But the writer should have stuck to their task and stopped trying to make a statement, the filmmaker should have tried to get the writer fired and fired the writer. I can't help thinking that the writer was in their element and that they were acting. It was so bad, I didn't feel like it was all my fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it happens, the script is boring and the plot is boring. The characters are not.  As for the bad movie premise, the story is just terrible and the movie is simply confusing.  However, it's a rather bland way to show how stupid everything turns out in the end. But this is just plain stupid. But it's one of those dumb movies where the movie starts out of nowhere. This movie is so dumb. The plot goes in several directions, but mostly it's boring and predictable. This is the kind of movie you could put on a shelf at your local library or have rented on cable or sat through to the end of a movie. And don't bother with this. You're probably going to spend the money on something better. It's the type you can easily forget and it has no redeeming quality. If you're on a time crunch, go rent this instead of "Citizen Kane." You won't be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film I felt as I watched it my first time of watching this type of crap. It was like watching an episode of "Mr. T" I thought this was a really good television drama.  I am not sure why I went into this film thinking that it was one of those films I like.  It is a shame and a nuisance to me and a waste of time. The only bad thing I can say about this film is that the acting is poor and the cinematography are poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't believe that this movie is as bad.  It's Not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of film that I thought was all made in 2000 and I wanted to be disappointed. It, so they can start making movies like this in 2003.  I was hoping to be entertained by this film before it ever gets to its predictable conclusion.  There's a lot of dialogue, too, but there's nothing much I can say about the characters. If you're looking for something in particular, you won't see it here. If this film was a good example of the film industry's worst excesses and their inability to create anything remotely worthwhile without having their hands slapped around it and screaming and laughing until they pass out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave the movie a 2, which, when the whole movie came out, it would be awful. The whole movie was an experiment on brainwashing. But, unfortunately, a lot of those experiments had already been put on tape, and this is really just one of many bad movies I can recall ever being made.  The worst I can say about this movie is the fact that it wasn't the worst movie, but it's really beyond the pale in its stupidity.  If you need someone to convince you, the film was just about 2 teenagers on drugs and their adventures. A guy on a bike was on fire, and some idiot teenager came out to help him and get away with his life. This was one of those really slow movies. It's like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can sit through the credits without the sound track, watch this. It's the only way I can make it through this film. But by the last third of the movie it has already been completely lost.  I found this film at my local library.  The problem is, the film isn't even a disaster. The audience, not. They're just people with nothing to say. It was a disaster, but the real problem was, what was the point of the disaster? The point of a disaster is not to save lives, but to help people learn something. The viewer learns nothing. But in that event, the characters learn a thing. And that learning process is an experience for most people. It is the worst kind of movie that makes the viewer sit through a film several times. The only way the story can go wrong is if they have nothing to contribute.  If someone wants to watch this film, go find it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like most of the movies: I thought that it was very much like "The Mother"  This movie is a "worst case of what happens when someone goes into "his own world"  The story is about a teacher that gets into the wrong hands. He learns that the teacher wants to find the kid that he got into and wants to "make him disappear" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some reviews comment on this movie: i just saw it recently when it first came out and it was absolutely terrible. I think the problem is that a lot of the plot is so shallow, the characters so unlikable and that's what led me to see this movie.  This movie is pretty pointless and I didn't like that. The movie is just annoying and annoying to the point and there is an actual plot.   i was disappointed about this movie because it has no redeeming quality. The whole movie is about two losers who play a lot and in the end they have to give their prize money back because they're losing out on that prize money. It wasn't all the movies was supposed to be about a couple of losers that play poker. The storyline is very weak. The acting is stupid and the characters were annoying and boring. I was so surprised that this movie isn't the worst movie ever. The only time i was bored was at the start of the movie when they were making bets.  It really is the worst in the movie, the only time I think this movie didn't suck at poker is when they bet on the other players or the blinds were on. In fact they just don't give you enough money and you're stuck in limbo. The story is very lame and it's a sad movie because the loser loses everything they've worked for and have to go find a new place. The music was too weak to play for a whole movie. That's what was supposed happen because the losers have all the time they need to make it happen. That was my least favorite part.  I would've been sad and mad and upset and I wouldn't want to waste one of my five hours. They even let the blind guy in and make them play their best song or dance for him. You know what i'm saying...   If you enjoy this movie then don't bother watching any other movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is completely inconsistent in this. Not only that! The characters are completely inconsistent. Not at all times. The premise is entirely inconsistent. And this is why I say there is no point in a film, but the characters are inconsistent. They just don't. The people in the film are completely unconvincing. They're the people that made the film. You should be able to see that if you look at the script. The camera angles are really terrible, and you can't believe a person when they say that, and it just gets me so angry I want to get on the phone and hit the guy that did it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea. I have to admit that the premise is very weak. The plot is also the weakest part of the movie. I thought that the ending was lame, but I don't even know that it is. This movie is an example of that type of movie. It is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get this movie at a screening in the theater. You know it's got to be a really bad movie. I have to say, I think that a decent and a decent director should be able to work in a movie like this.  It's Not the Worst Movie:  I was expecting the ending to be very good, but the fact that the story was just completely botched (and the "twist") were not enough to make this movie a "movie" and a "drama" to me.  What I thought was great in this movie, was just a complete borehole, especially when the actors started to get really old, like Ewan McGregor's character. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this very strange movie after watching "Dead Creatures." I know nothing about it except what it was supposed to be. My opinion on this movie: I really dislike it because it just so unbelievably obvious (but not so obvious as it's obviously a comedy movie, but as it is a comedy, it's only a comedy which is supposed to appeal to a wide audience. I really did not like this, but it's very sad and disappointing (but I know it's also very stupid) when you think you're being stupid about a joke and then you think it's not.  It's sad that this movie's plot was so poor. It's so very hard to see the joke in every single one of the jokes and the joke is just terrible and it's sad and boring because "Dead Creature" isn't funny at all.  "Dead Thing" is not. It seems they really were just jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the type of film that has no interest to make, so it's not a very good example of how the worst of the film-making is poor-mouthing film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, let's just get the movie out of the way, but this is definitely one of those movies I can't take my eyes off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is simply about "the people" (those that don't have any sense) and "the animals" (the animals that are stupid and they do have sense, but they're dumb and stupid), the same plot is told throughout the entire film. The characters are very young, but some of the older characters don't look even that old at all. This may have been a very poor attempt at satire of young people who find themselves trapped in this same trap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't think I was stupid! That's not very original. It's not at all. I can see why you would like it if you think its a rip-off of Segal, although that would of course be a decent move too. The plot is as poor as a church mouse, but it's not an incredibly contrived story like a series of two years.  It's a very boring way to spend your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "No one sees this film." It's not a documentary. But it's the only reason anyone ever heard of this film. It's the most notorious one ever made in history.   The whole premise behind this film is ludicrous, but the writing and direction were terrible. The dialog is poor, the camera-work the worst of the worst. The only thing that could save the film would be that it never happened.  Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to care, the writing is bad, the story is uninteresting, the sound is dull and the actors are not even remotely interesting. And the worst thing I can say about this film would probably be that the script was poorly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a total disappointment and the movie itself is a big disappointment.  I can't imagine this movie as a comedy about life as it was supposed to be. Life is such a long time and a comedy should be about living in a world in which everything is "too much", but if we're going to make a comedy comedy about an "adult" comedy with a big budget, I'm sure that it's an insult to the rest of us, but if that's the case I will give the movie a "4". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a review of this film after seeing it in a cinema in China I didn't like it. It was terrible and very long. I just thought it was way too long, but I hated it. What a waste of a film:  The film really takes itself very seriously when trying to explain the main point of this picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very excited about this movie despite the fact that it was directed and acted by William Nicholson who directed "The Secret of Nimh". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst disaster in movies history is when the main character runs out of money to get back a girl he's seeing. That girl is one of several of the "unnamed main character" which I thought were too dumb to try and make a career out of. The "main character" was pretty stupid and the girl was the one to look out for when you needed a girl for sex. The girl was not a "main heroine". She is simply the woman of the main characters. The acting was poor, but there was none of the acting I was expecting from some of the worst horror movies ever made and the script was weak. The special effects were laughable and the direction not in the least bit amateur. I can understand why it was made. The main character was the sort of person you'd expect a "lead character" to be. But the movie was bad if you're expecting horror, gore, incest, violence, rape, cannibalism, necrophilia, violence or incest. If you're not expecting horror or violence to be "good" and "noble" (in fact, you'd want to avoid any movie that had such scenes) there's a plot to follow.  The ending was awful for the most part of the movie, but it was not in any way as "so bad, but in all honesty I think it was just bad. This movie is the kind of film you'd imagine would appeal to people who like to watch a horror film that has a lot of blood and guts.  I just did not understand why, but I do think the idea of going "out of business" was the same in this movie as it was in "The Corpse Grinders", and "The Devil's Blood". "The Grinders" are not even the bad movie as we might be led to believe. If they had "gone out of business", the main man wouldn't have been the main hero, but the girl would have become the main heroine. It's a strange idea because I think this movie made me sick to death. In all of the other movies it's pretty much the opposite. It wasn't until the end of the film when the woman dies.  "The Bride" could have done much better than the main guy. If the girl had "pushed the boy down stairs and then jumped down the stairs themselves" in a really awful fashion and then the boy had to fight to survive? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an unusual, and I think that I am just a victim of this sort of thing.  And finally, there is this:  What a mess!  What do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After The Goonies were the best-known film I have ever seen, I was absolutely ecstatic about it. However, I must confess to myself that I have a rather serious problem with the movie, and that this is NOT one of those films that we have had for over 25 years. I was so excited to see the original version, and to see this remake, I have to admit that I was a bit disappointed with the whole idea of making this a sequel to The Goon. I am not a fan of the previous two films, but this version is worse than the original Goonies. And although I'm still a fan-boy for The Goony sequel, the original film was a cult classic, but the Goonies have never been the greatest, but as the original, this film has one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big question is why such a film with a plot like this gets made. That, in fact, is what this is really about. The filmmakers have some nice ideas about how the movie could be so bad. The main character of the movie, who is played by Peter Sarsgaard, is his friend and he is supposed to be a terrible actor with whom he is best friends. The movie itself is so thin it could have been stretched a million miles. The script is poor and the actors are bad at times.  The acting is poor, because of the poor acting.  But this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   Avoid this movie unless you have a gun to your head and your only other option is to shoot yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   When i saw this movie I was not impressed by it. The movie was bad at all. But it wasn't exactly a disappointment. It's not even one of those films you can see if you want. If you want to go in for the long haul I recommend "The Crying Game".  There is no dialogue. The acting is flat and the costumes are cheap.  There are no plot, but the script is bad, and the ending is a total disappointment. The cast is also not particularly likable, but they all have interesting. The script is the only reason for this movie to be an attempt at "The Last Picture Show"  The only way to get out of this movie is to waste your time and waste money on it.  I have seen "The Naked Gun" and "The Dead and Breakfast" films and this one is probably going to be one of the worst movies i've ever watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film of this film is, unfortunately, unavailable on DVD today. In one scene, the three main characters decide to go to the island for a relaxing vacation, but a snowstorm hits, trapping them in their hotel room. It's one of the many films that can be considered as "anti-film" in its entirety, but I suspect most of them fall far short of "anti" film.  The story of this one seems quite flat and boring, but it's hard to understand why so many people find this film boring.  I can't say I know anything about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film years ago and it blew my mind. It blew my fucking mind too. It's not funny anymore it's not bad it's really that great either but the worst could have been. I can tell you right now I'd buy this film in a heartbeat. I'd give it a "10" on IMDb. I wouldn't say it was for me. I gave it a negative rating because the ending made my blood boil, but it was the last film of its type i've seen in my lifetime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it was very predictable. I don't like the whole "B" cast anyway. I mean, I know I'm not going to go with "B," but they did it. "W" was supposed to be the best of the cast.  The movie is also very predictable and the characters have an obvious and very short development.  So even if I had to turn it off right now I'd have to go and watch it several times in order to get a proper idea of what's going on, but it's not really needed. But this movie seems to suck in more than the usual. It's one of those movies that has no idea what it wants to be, but the writing and cinematography were all in bad way. It was also not made by an author I like either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script and characters could have been written better. But the problem is: there's a plot, but they aren't funny.  The story, and the relationship between the main character and the side character were a bit better written than the characters. And they were both in a situation where they were supposed to be in love or something. The main character, however, has a very poor sense of humor.  It didn't go for the characters in the story, but the dialogue was very inconsistent in this movie. It's a shame we had to spend the money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is called THE CRIMINALS OF THE NIGHT, and the characters, in some cases, are not at all. The title song is called NIGHT MARSH.  The DVD release of NIGHT MAR SH has a special feature where the actors play themselves, and have a chance to act, in character, in their native tongues. The subtitles have English audio, and most of the songs have English lyrics. The actors are all British actors, and they all speak with British accents, but the main characters are American, and we can guess that some parts are filmed in places where they would normally speak English. This also isn't the case. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I've ever written about movies in general, I've been trying to understand how they are supposed to make money, how they make sense. I was just thinking that there's something very odd about this movie, but it's just supposed to be a typical example of a crappy movie. It's not going to be any fun.  However, I cannot imagine that this is going to have any bearing whatsoever upon this film, but I'm not sure that it will make much of a difference to any of the people who have been through it all. I did not expect any great insight on the movie-making process, but there is absolutely no reason to write a negative reviewed about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, the movie's got a story for the people, but that's about the story, and it's not about the whole movie, but a very weak man trying to survive and take revenge against the evil man (he just gets a baby, but the man goes mad). But the story could have been better and the movie could have better dialogue. It's a pity that they made this film without any kind of originality or quality. But the whole thing makes the movie so dull and the characters so wooden. It just reminds me of another poor man, but I am not sure how. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only recently watched this film because it was one of the first truly cult movies I had ever seen, and I thought it was an example of "cult." It was terrible that way. That, and the fact that it looked like a collection of people that had been decapitated, burned and dismembered. I knew nothing about this movie. I did not care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says this is the worst movie ever made.  A young girl gets the idea that it is a child's dream. The guy's girlfriend sees the movie as her dream.  The plot moves at a faster pace when a kid's dream gets ruined by a nightmare (which happens at a very fast pace). The movie is a little slow in its delivery when you consider how long it takes to realize that something is happening. It's a shame they didn't rush out and get him and the girl to a nice happy ending.  I have to say the movie is an extremely poor movie by today's standards. The movie also fails miserably at being a movie that I can't get into. I couldn't even understand how to describe what was happening in the movie. It has the potential to be a movie I will never be able to finish and I was left speechless in my sleep.  It's sad, I won't even give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No wonder the makers of this film had such high hopes for their new film, with its many special effects and spectacular set designs and the spectacular photography of Jean-Marc Barré and Emmanuel Condon.  A short version of the film opens with a shot of a huge, floating, almost-naked statue of a woman called the "Goddess" which, like the "Virgin" or "Virgin Mary", is also a part of the story. It's just that the statue is not one of her many nude victims, but she is surrounded by one at the start of the movie, after her and her husband take up residence with her.  The only way a viewer could see all of these victims would be to go to a sex-ed class. I was a bit dubious about the Goddess statue being an "intimate object" since this isn't a porno, but I was more surprised that this movie seems to have made it possible for other people to see them, because it was shot with a very short duration that may have allowed them to have sex with one, but only on a small scale and because there are some very bad actors that make it impossible for them to even have sex.  As a result, the "goddess of the Gods" gets very bad publicity, but "the Goddess of the Earth" gets much worse publicity and she's still naked as the statue's husband, but naked without a partner, or just, well, naked. I think this is all a result of a film made in a different time and place that fails to recognize, but this just seems to be a mistake. But, unfortunately, I don't think the director even knew he had a mistake and his mistake was just an honest mistake. The other gods of the world who are worshipped and killed like this woman's husband are not in the least bit ashamed, but the Gods in particular are not as completely stupid or without reason. He is also killed and replaced by an angel, but it's still stupid. The two goddesses are still, for lack of a better term, just the wife and husband. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very predictable as hell (if it was any good movie.) The ending was a total waste of time.  The only thing that was predictable and this film was predictable in the slightest way is in one scene where the girl starts having sex with a stranger. The plot, acting and characters were all below par for an average film. So were the plot and the character development (especially in the main character). I was very disappointed to learn that "The movie is supposed to be" about something, but that was probably the worst of the plot flaws I had seen in a movie. The way in which the main characters developed and dealt with this situation was typical of films of this genre. The only other good aspect of the film is that this was written and directed by the same actors, which is one of the biggest flaws this has. It's a lot less than one wasted hour of sex and a bunch more than sex. In summary, it's still a waste of half-hour of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate the concept of "bad actors". This is a joke to me, but it is NOT a joke. I saw "Troll 2: The Return of the Frog" in the original game. I can't understand why the sequel is so "poor" and the movie could be "bad". The Frog's story is told in the first one, but the whole movie is set during the first Frog's lifetime. I mean, what does this mean exactly? I can think of several ways this could have been an insult to the viewer or to the Frogs. I'm sure it was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My first exposure to this movie was in my very late thirties, but I am very young. But even then, I am disappointed when I see that this movie, but not in the slightest way that makes me think there are actually any good points in the movie. This is not a bad film, but there's a movie about a guy who has the kind of personality that the actors can't even act, because he has to be an actor himself.  It is a waste of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What about the plot? There are some films that were so bad to begin with. This one is the only one I can think of that I can't say that I think is a "movie". This movie was very unfaithful, but this one gets the job done!  The only problem with this movie was the dialogue, and, to be honest, I thought the dialogue was the worst thing that I've ever seen, and the other actors were just plain bad. Unfortunately, this is the type of movie that makes me want to punch the screen, in a vain attempt to stop the movie. However, I'm glad I haven't wasted my time or the viewers' time. And that's why I've given this movie a 1 instead of the 0 that some reviewers have given it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm sorry for the movies, because I can't take it seriously anymore, but even if you're a kid, it's an adventure and not a lot of action.  I only saw this at a very early age and it is one of those movies that we have to think about to be able to comprehend how a child learns and understands life and what he's been told by adults and how they think and behave in real life. I hope this movie was better written and directed than this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film he made.  The last film he's made. He has a character called "the king". He's the type of man who will give up. The other characters he's played, are as bad as he's been to be. The director of several of the worst films ever made. The film itself looks like a failed Russian film. The script is horrible. You'll find yourself watching the whole film with the same kind of dread I've been seeing since I saw this, but it's the last film you'll ever waste your time on. This is not, and I'm willing to say this is. I hope this isn't the only film of its kind.  I watched this with the expectation it was the worst film ever made, but that seems far fetched.  It's not exactly a comedy. I found myself laughing, but I can tell you, even though this isn''t a comedy, the acting is horrible and bad, the writing is poor and the story is awful. The rest of the film is badly written. The whole point of this is to make you question what you are thinking. But to do that, you'll have to turn on your brain and ask yourself why you were watching this without realizing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, it was obvious that this movie was nothing like "Hoosiers".  This movie is only about three people who got together to have a really great poker party, with the help of a couple of bouncers.  This seems to be more the typical bad movie for "Hooray for the Movie" or "The Bad Movie". But I can see how some people who think it's a great movie, and others who think this is "Hood of the Movie".  It's like "Godsend", but "GOD" can have such a grand finale, because it's about such a great adventure, and such an idiotic guy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to this film with my girlfriend and her friends to enjoy. It had it's ups and downs. The acting was awful. It's a bad film that you don't want to waste. It shows you how the production companies in Hollywood have used to make the movies they want to sell to the public and have profited from the movie by putting it out. It starts off very poorly. In fact when it comes to plot development the acting is very poor, the story is weak, and the acting in the film is terrible. It also shows that if you want to see this film, you can pay for it on video store shelf and watch it when it's released. It will just suck and make the DVD rental shop look like a museum. This film is just a waste of time. It reminds me of what a real movie I would have paid to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film yesterday when it was first released on DVD. A friend and I rented it was so I could get a copy of this movie. I thought that it was an awful movie to get me to see this movie for the hundredth time. I bought this movie so I can get the original rental price, but I'm not gonna watch it because it's not supposed to be a good movie.  This movie is definitely the worst movie I have ever seen. I just hope I never see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the film progressed it seemed less and less like an adventure. It seemed more like a movie than a thriller. Yet the actors were mostly unknown. The plot was very predictable and, at the same time, the movie itself became more unruly. The script is a mess (see: the plot holes in the walls of a room which is so stupid), but this movie was in a bad way, and the movie was unspeakably bad. But it wasn't for me.   It seemed to be for the average Joe who watches this crap and then thinks he can survive in the woods without a weapon and is too scared to use a gun.  It's a terrible movie in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot: If the filmmakers had the slightest clue that what the hell is going to happen, it would have been better if they'd put out the "P" in front of it and said it was a bad film. It it's an experiment. This was so awful and that made me sick. It's all the reason I need to put out my "P". I wish I had enough faith to believe this is true and that was what made me hate it and why this film would be so terrible.  So many actors, characters, plot lines and dialogs are completely different from what's in the original. The plot lines are just boring, boring and repetitive. The only real complaint I've had with the original was that the script is very predictable and it was very obvious the original had no concept of what was going on and it had absolutely no idea what was happening.  This film had nothing to say. But it's like nothing else, but that's about it's very plain boring and predictable dialog and stupid characters that are so much worse then they come to life and what people are going to react to with a two hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get a very basic idea at a low-budget, but it doesn't translate to much, if you are willing to spend money on this movie. The dialogs are also poor, and the acting is terrible.  I watched this movie with friends and had a few of laughs. I am just so tired and sad after watching it, and I would like to be a little happier.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first episode, the story was extremely simple and there was no explanation. There was no point in making things so unbelievable and there's no point that makes this movie a great movie. This movie is full of so many things that are not even funny. A lot of the bad parts in the movie were extremely bad, so you can see how badly written, badly acted and the script was, but that could be the point.  The plot is also bad as I had hoped. But the movie fails when it comes to the story, but not when it fails to make a joke out of nothing.  What's the point of such an empty movie? The movie is a total bore and a lot of times the jokes are actually not funny in the slightest bit. But I do give this movie three out of five and only one out of ten for the movie making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the reasons why I was a big fan of this movie (and that I was one of the people who think that there are no movies with the same name) is that the writing is so wooden, it is incomprehensible. But for anyone who is serious about watching this film, please, do not.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't fathom. I am a huge fan of the movie, and I can also say that I am not a fan of a film of this kind.  There is really nothing else for the film to do, but waste your time and spend money.  The acting and the cinematography were so flat and lifeless, even after seeing the movie in the cinema, the movie was still an utter disappointment.  Overall, I rate this a 1 because of the "WTF" factor. There is nothing special to say about it, but I don't know why it was a "Wtf" factor at all. The only reason I give it a 2 instead of a 1 is the story. The cinematography was very muddy in the way it portrayed the lives of people who lost their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, there were several scenes I could not understand. I am not an American citizen. This was a typical movie about an American tourist. This is a film that really doesn't like movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe this guy, but I can not believe the one guy who wrote this review about it.  In the final act of the movie, a drunk couple and his best friend decide to drive a van into an ice cave where they can stay until dawn, then get a job working at a ski resort, where his friend finds a new job. The only guy not invited to work at the ski resort is one of the employees of a ski school, where they decide to start teaching. The students get an "F" after an "S". Then the students get expelled from the ski school. This guy is so-so as a snowman, and his friends are so- so as a boy. I think this guy is the worst boy in a Disney movie, but he is a dork, but not a duke-of-the-world guy. Then, he gets hired to join a ski team of the best skiers in the world, where the guys can only come to work and get paid, which is the point. The characters get to be like they were in the first scene of this movie.  If you like this movie, go for it. It was a great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode of this series has a particularly interesting plot (which is, for some reason, also not to be missed).  I give this series a 4.  If you like "The Return of the Living Dead" and "Sharknado" you might enjoy this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was one of those movies where people are just going to see how to make movies, but no one will even bother to make such a movie. I guess it's the movie people are looking to rent.   This movie is very very dull at times.  It's so dull you almost want to go blind and see everything with a different camera to see the real images.  So what? People are going blind if they stop seeing everything this way.  I guess most people don't even want to see a movie with this in mind. They just want a movie without any plot.  What's wrong with that? Why are we going blind? Why do people make movies like this when they have the choice? Why not just see it at your local library and rent it.  This is a prime example of a bad film to rent and put in your VHS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of those films I saw when i was 7 years old, but it is without a plot to speak of. The film also features the most horrible and terrible acting i have ever seen. The movie has not been terrible, but the movie is extremely weak, and i recommend it only for the sole purpose of the gore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One thing to be said about this film is that it is very "bad" and it is not worth watching this film. There is no mention at all. This is a very bad movie, but you don't know how to spend your money.  A "good movie" in which nobody is a genius, so you can't complain about watching them.  I thought this was one of the worst films I've ever seen. There are not many "so-bad" movies. This film would have cost $13. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie (Curse of the Demon) is just like a horror movie. The characters are mostly white. They seem to be the only ones that could have made such a great horror movie back in 1990s, but if you go back to the early days of horror movies, I'm sure that you will get more out of this movie, but even then, they are so predictable. It's a joke that we love to watch and that we are supposed to laugh out loud while watching it.  If you have ever read the book before this movie came out, you will be able to relate to the movie much better then you can when watching this movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My advice: Avoid watching this movie, but avoid doing anything like that and then you won't enjoy watching it. The only reason I could recommend it is because I like it (I thought the movie was a bad rip-off of "The Naked Kiss" and I only liked the movie because it was so unbelievable, but if you like watching anything, you'll be bored and will not be able to enjoy anything. However, this movie does not contain so many surprises, but it has a boring storyline and a couple of times it is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, just because the premise and acting aren't so bad (because it is "not" funny or interesting), the movie is going to be better and funnier. And while the movie may well be the worst. (But if the movie has a script that's not funny either). The movie is so bad, but only because they can't find any funnier jokes that they don't think they're doing something wrong. The jokes are so bad that it borders on hammy. And they only have to watch it and enjoy the whole thing. But if you like this movie, please don't waste your time writing negative review on how it is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that was not so awful or badly. It's not the most interesting thing. The only reason this film is interesting is the script, the actors, and the plot. The plot, as you can see in the credits, is simply one example of the problem.  The film is made up of a bunch of scenes that are very long and have been filmed very poorly. A bunch of boring shots of cars driving through snowy mountains and a bunch that is simply dull.  It's just the same story with lots of actors, as is the rest of the series. The music is awful and this is a pretty mediocre indie film that is sadly not so "uninteresting". The first "real" problem with this film, however, is the sound. It fails miserably when it comes to the sound, especially when it's raining and winds are howling.  Overall a "real", and boring, and terrible film. The other "real issue" with the film is that I can't believe that the filmmakers were serious. This makes the film look worse, and is the worst of a bad film I've ever had the displeasure of watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a joke, but it is a parody.  The movie is full of cliched jokes and a joke that would be funny to anyone who didn't live in a trailer park. It.  It is a ripoff of the first movie I ever saw. The jokes are old and the jokes are the only thing that are wrong. But the joke in this movie is just laughable and I had seen it only the last 5 times I had to sit through this movie.  All jokes have three parts. A joke that can't even be said out loud is a bad joke. It is funny. But it is lame. The premise of the movie is lame too, but at the same time it is kind of boring.  I think the director was being silly. But at the end of the day its a joke.  This movie is a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie a couple of years ago and the only thing I liked was the title, but I was very disappointed. However, for those interested in watching it was only about the title and some of the cast. I'm not talking about the acting, but the script, which is by a bunch of unknown unknown script writers and unknown directors. Unfortunately, none of the known script writers worked in the film industry at that time. For those interested, I recommend: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film had nothing to do with the actual subject matter. It was about a young girl who went to the prom. She finds out the truth about her dad. She has to go through every painful stage possible and find herself.   But for every girl who is willing to endure every stage and pain possible in her journey to find herself, it can be one hell of a ride.  Avoid these movies at your peril, but the main problem I had with this film was that it was only a movie about a girl that went to prom. But this movie doesn't have the same problems as other movies. A girl who has to endure pain and suffering through a long, painful time is just stupid, but it is just a bad, painful pain for a girl to suffer through a week. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a major factor in the viewing experience of this movie. If you really want to see a movie made up for nothing.  The characters are also as annoying as they were in this movie (but not in a way that's distracting)  Unfortunately, the movie lacks some of the charm and creativity that the original was. The only problem is that the film could be better written and directed. The production values are so low that the movie feels like a cartoon. However, this is the type of movie that only people who are not as dull as they are in this film would enjoy.  However, the fact that it has not been made up from nothing would be a relief. In fact, if you were to go in expecting this film to be completely devoid of content and everything that a movie has to offer, you may be in for a huge disappointment and disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    After this fiasco, the entire movie was like a very low budget, indie horror film.  My rating: 2  My Grade: 1.  The title sequence was also the sort of thing you'd expect from a horror film about a couple of kids with superpowers. That's just what I was expecting. I could hardly understand half of what they were saying.  I'm sorry, the characters are awful.   I'd rather have something more original than a low budget film: I have no idea what's going on in the woods in "Deathtrap"   "Death Trap"  "I'm not going to spend 1.5 hours and see this movie over and over again until they come and take me away." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is poorly acted, the acting is terrible.  The problem is that a lot of the characters are pretty damn retarded, because they are so obviously all that's good. This is the kind of film that you can sit through and have the most of the movie with you.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a big fan, I know that all the bad movies I have seen, and I don't know what to believe it. I found this movie to be the worst I have ever seen. I also found this film to be a terrible waste of time. The acting is so poor and the plot is poor, and the sound so loud that my ears bleed and I can hear the person on the bus. All in all I am giving this movie a "1" because I am really tired of listening to it and am afraid of the "B" in the title. I have given it a "0" because there is absolutely no story. The plot isn't funny, it's a waste of an average "B". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is actually the weakest link in this movie. It is by far the worst film i've ever seen. It really does nothing.   i would say its pretty obvious what the movie is about, but to say that a movie with a theme like this deserves a 9, i don't know why. I'm gonna say what its about and hope that when the movie comes out i wont find a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film is the worst example of how a very small and selfish minded film like "My Cousin Vinny" works. But its the last one of a series of films that have failed, not the first of them. "My Caddie" succeeds with the help of a single parent. "One Step Closer" has failed. The last film in this series "One Little Step Closers" has never been released on DVD, because this film fails in several places.   The only one that is a real "worst" film I can think of is "My Neighbor Totoro". It's not a "Caddie!" Its not a comedy. Its just a boring movie. But the only thing about this film that could be taken as a joke is the fact that they fail to capture the emotion of a parent's love. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can forgive the actors. They are terrible. A movie so bad that it ends up on the shelves. It's not.  The story is weak. It is so poorly told.  I give this movie a 2 because it is so horrible. I can't imagine watching this movie without making some kind of joke about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no real purpose to the plot. The movie and the book are so uninteresting, but so what?  The writing is poor and the movie is so unpretentious. And the book is a pile of pretentious nonsense. The plot is so pretentious and the characters so unappealing. I give this movie a 2 out of 10. The worst is that its not a masterpiece, but a mediocre one for anyone who is into science fiction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of this movie. I'm not really that great (it's not an episode of The Smokers Club) but it's all over the place!  Unfortunately, most of it is shot at angles not recommended for photography!  I gave this a 2, but it had to be on a long enough timeline to keep things interesting. The cinematography was terrible to behold. But in the end, I think it's just going to get worse, and then you'll be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the kind of film that just gets made without regard to story or actors. But it's not the only movie about a story, but is, instead, one of many movies that has such a story and such actors, and who can say for sure there hasn't been an actor who has played such an actor before? That said, it is one movie that would be missed, but it is neither one of the very worst movies I've ever seen. This film is bad and there's a lot of bad acting, although none of it looks that much like a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really looking forward to the release date for the last film with a bunch of jokes about "wtf is it"? I'm just watching the film for the hell of it.  It is is the film I'm most afraid of in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie a year ago. I was a kid and this movie, unfortunately, it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. It's one the worst of the last movies I have ever seen made that's ever been made on this planet. My advice, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, as the main reason for this review and the film were both directed by Emeric Pressburger, who was not a director who specializes in such films, he had the right to call it a "film for the general public" and therefore be in a much better mood when discussing the film on its website.  If there was any hope, however, I had to think this could have made an interesting and creative movie for all audiences. I was not thrilled at a film that, but the film was a very dull film and, as a result, the story has been dulled, the characters seem to lose their depth and, in my opinion, the film suffers from being poorly edited.  In conclusion, I hope people reading this review read this film with care and, if possible, avoid this film. The fact that this film was directed by a former "independent" director should make it very interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with two teens who decide to start a football team.   The plot starts to get weird.  A movie which can be appreciated for its plot.  As for the animation, we have this.  The story is told without any effort at all.  If you don't know what to do with this movie then you probably won't even bother with the plot either. If you want to be entertained, take a movie which tells how the main character was put on a deathbed to try and save his life.  Don't expect anything better than this. It's probably better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director doesn't want his movie to be "so bad, the plot gets convoluted, the jokes get funny, the fights get exciting.  If you've seen it before it starts to get predictable. This movie is full of bad actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the first time I've heard people complaining about a movie they thought this was a waste of time to see it on TV (in the UK, I mean). The guy who wrote this review says it was made in a vacuum. He's right, but I was going to suggest he write something a bit more about what a waste they are, but that was a bad film you've seen a bunch of. It's a waste, but don't let it ruin the movie! If you want to see this movie on a crappy Friday night, you can rent it for $4. I couldn't stop watching it. This isn't the worst movie in the world, but it's certainly a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first 20 minutes of the movie, a group of boys and girls walk into a room. When the boys enter a room, a girl immediately drops to her knees and starts praying. The girls stay outside of the room. The boy is standing in the doorway of the girls' room.   The dialogue is terrible, and the acting is awful. It's all just plain bad. I would give this movie a 1 out of 100, but only because it was so unbelievably bad in every other category. It was so bad, and so unbelievably unfunny and idiotic. The plot is so uninsulted and so utterly uninteresting. It is a big disappointment to me.  The girl in the first room (where the boy meets the girl) is so unbelievably annoying, she has to get up and move out. In the second room (for the boy and his friends), she's annoying, but it was only because I was paying attention, but she has got everything she wanted. The problem is, I couldn't care less. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie is also the original source of the name, but this isn't the kind of movie you see today.  The plot doesn't go anywhere in the first five minutes and it, "the whole movie is like a video game, but the game is not the worst thing. This film also takes a lot of flak for its terrible plot - which is supposed to be the worst movie ever. It's not nearly a B-movie either.  There are no good looking guys, no one in the cast does it right. The script is awful and the dialogue isn't awful at all times. The plot has been written to be as shallow as possible. The characters aren't even interesting in a movie that lacks any kind of acting and writing. The music is all over the place and there are two guys who just act like a bunch of 12 year old boys.  All in all, a B movie that can't be watched in 2 hours is a B film. It just hurts the eyes to see that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only assume that it is a disaster, but that is an assumption I am willing to make, but it is the only movie I have ever seen that makes it more interesting. The premise is, I assume, an interesting subject, but the story is really boring.  This movie is not one of the worst disaster films of this era, but I don't know if I like this movie.  The movie starts out like a disaster film, but then it gets worse, but only to that extent. The problem I see with this movie is how the story goes wrong, and the disaster itself is boring. It's a pity it does. I can see it as a waste of a disaster.  It's almost a pity the movie lasts so long. It is about time, which makes me want to stay up late to catch it. And so on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of the series and the first two seasons of "Mork and Mindy". Although I am biased towards "Morgai", the writing is a weak point because it so predictable and easy to follow. I have a strong dislike for the first few seasons, but they were very predictable and I've seen them both at least 3 times. The only reason I can think of for wanting to watch "Mordecai".   "Mortecai's Army" is the title of the third episode of the show. But when you combine the characters in the show into "Moe's Lab" or "The Incredible Machine", you can really see the writing and animation coming together. The production values are low.  There are several scenes that really don't work well together. But it really is the worst part of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to see it, but the problem is I am only 25 years old, but I don't know the first person in a long time, but that's why you need to watch it. It It's all downhill from there.  It isn't the worst problem.  The problem I have with this movie is that it has absolutely nothing to say. I thought the movie would have been a waste of time.  I did the whole thing the night I rented this movie and I was not impressed at all. I didn't even say this movie was an exception to any movie you would ever see. It is just a bad film that never gets better, but it is nothing short of a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is filled with images of women naked on their beds, with the same idea of love, romance, friendship, friendship. That is supposed to be a good, and I can't help but compare it to another film I've seen many times in the last 10 years. It to say that it is not the most interesting film. I'm sorry, but I didn't find it interesting, it was just plain boring, and if you're looking for an original comedy, a "silly", and a "funny" comedy that you are not supposed to laugh a lot, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched and heard this movie twice, and they both were equally disappointed as I was. That being the case, you could expect the director to try and get rid of this, but he doesn't. This film is one of several examples of the sort of low budget (and sometimes foreign) films that I've seen over the years. I also saw the movie "Neroli" with a lot of people from the same place who are trying very hard to get me to believe this movie was a great thing, but I can see the "Nerd" in the title stand for itself, and there are also shots of a train coming into town, in which the actors were wearing identical clothing, with the same hairstyles and hair styles, but with the different names and looks as those of the passengers.  So why did they need to dress in such strange clothes? Wasn't it the same for everyone? And what about the guy whose head is stuck in the car's windshield? Is that guy who's head is jammed in the windshield the guy with a white baseball cap?  The acting was flat and the script was as uneven as a pancake. It's really all in there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original title for this movie: "Funny" - the title to the original "Funniest Movie" - is very much like "Bunny" where the characters were funny. But "Funsiest Movie of All Time" - not a bad comedy joke and not a joke - which was funny and which had a joke, but not one. It's as if you've written a negative reviewing about a good movie. But it has to be the absolute WORST!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is so bad.  The script is so very weak. I really do not understand how the writers think the movie is going to be the worst of movies, but the story is bad. A movie that tells a story is not a great movie because it's not in English, but because of the horrible characters, but there are only a handful of them. A few people commenting on this site (and I will continue commenting here) disagree with me that the story would have been much stronger in the end. It has been said that the plot is weak and the story could have been stronger without the story. But I did not agree with them. This movie is so weak.  My Grade: D (    A couple of people commenting at the bottom of this comment said that it was an insult to American people and not to English people. However, I do not see how it was made, but I can see how they got it in to an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is supposed to be a joke and not a comedy comedy and I'm not convinced that it's supposed to have a purpose other than making people laugh. Unfortunately it's just not. There are so many movies in this series that I could fill a DVD box with the names of them. It was an awful waste of time and money for all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is poorly paced and the movie seems so uninspired. The plot itself has one of the worst elements of a movie I've ever seen.  The idea of playing God is laughable. But, this has all the elements that make the "God-awful" God-movie.  It's an interesting one, but it's also disappointing and uninspired at the same time. The movie is, again, poorly paced. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was thin-skinned, but it wasn't until the movie ended...  The idea behind the film was extremely stupid, extremely stupid. It is still extremely stupid and stupid. The concept of being a movie critic is dumb and this movie was very stupid, it was one of the worst movies ever made. But unfortunately, its boring, and this was the worst movie of all time in which it's supposed to be an insult to anyone who hasn't finished the series of books.  The characters weren't bad at all. the book was just boring... the characters weren the worst of the characters.  There is absolutely no need for a book. but they were dumb, and the writers did that, because their name was stupid and the movie was dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie: Although I am a big fan of bad, slow-moving, and a very slow-paced horror movies, this movie is a bore and I was excited to see it in the theaters.  The movie starts with a man driving a car in a very confined area. It is supposed to be one of those movies where we discover the terrible thing that is trapped in the car.  After the car stops in the driveway, there is a man with an axe in a small shed. It looks like a shed. He seems to be able to climb a tree and then run up and use the axe on the head. It was supposed to have been made in the mid-nineties but it appears that the only reason the actor did not get killed, the camera did not record it. He just did it while being held in the shed. The camera kept going and going.  This is a movie that will disappoint most horror fans.  I'm a huge fan of this because of my kids. My oldest daughter is an aspiring writer (at least in the beginning of the movie).  What was the reason for the movie to be made? Why did the father abandon his family? It doesn't. It just leaves them in pieces. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching a movie and laughing out loud. But what can i say. Its like watching paint dry, but there's no nudity or violence. There is no violence and very little nudity. its like watching people being electrocuted. its not there. Its a really awful movie. a really horrible thing that you don't want to see in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (Not) a true masterpiece in Cinema  But... this is probably one of the worst disasters of film: a comedy so poor it's all over the place and it's just an ordinary comedy comedy joke. But unfortunately, it's a bit like the Three Stooges, a comedy that is neither funny or interesting. It's a pity the plot is actually funny.  I highly doubt the premise of this film, but I will always give credit where it is due.   I was a little disappointed that they wasted so much time and money on this one: when you are expecting a comedy comedy that will make you laugh, you may actually start to understand some of the jokes (and I, myself, laughed a LOT), but this film is full of pretentious garbage and pretentious material that is completely unnecessary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad... but it was in bad hands. They're not good. They are not bad. You need to be a fan of the first or second film of this. Don't watch this and you will hate me. The acting was bad. The script was bad, the direction was bad and I hate people who do the same, but without actually knowing my personal opinion. This film was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So why was it OK to be so much of a joke that's so bad...and I have to believe it was.It's a joke I like.  But if the movie is so bad then, why...why did people like this movie so much? And why did they even like it so much if they saw the original movie and the sequel. So they can laugh at themselves while it lasts. The joke was: the original and sequel movies were very bad in comparison to this film. The first film was very poorly made and the second one was very, very poorly directed. But I still can't say I'm sorry.  The problem I had with this movie was, but why did I do it? and how was I supposed to feel sorry for watching it? So they could say the jokes that are so funny, but they couldn't do the actual jokes, but only use them to make me feel sorry. I really hated the original film but I really just felt bad if I really were to sit through it. I would be too angry if I were to write a negative comment on it.  I knew it was very very, VERY bad, but if I felt bad then I was going to have a very bad day. But if I didn't feel sorry about it then I felt very, extremely angry. This movie was supposed to be about a couple of "old" people, but I think it could be better directed.  Overall, however, I didn, I'm giving this movie a zero because I gave it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie several times before, and I've never thought this movie was bad. I also don't know what the hell is going to be like. If I had been around when this movie came out I would have been dead and gone home. It had it's moments. But at the time I was watching it I was laughing out loud at the stupidity of the writing and acting. I don't mean that I laughed like a five year old, but the script was stupid, the script seemed to come off as flat as a pancake, and the dialogue was weak. The actors were very wooden, and it's painfully obvious that the script is stupid.  I do wish the acting was a bit weaker than the stupid comedy, and for all the jokes in this movie were directed towards someone who had some sort of serious mental problems. The fact that you couldn't even find one of the characters to be funny and funny makes this movie a must miss. The special effects were atrocious, and that was all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not the first movie to go bad and try to cash in on this crap. This one is way too long, but the rest is OK, although some parts of the film are so badly lit that it feels like "The Room With the Invisible Man" is also badly lit and the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty decent plot in the film, but it's mostly the actors who are bad actors who make the film and the acting is very bad.  The film itself is quite dull. The original plot is quite lame when compared to the characters and the way in which they interact. It's mostly like "The film is about the life of a child with an autistic child and the parents are quite terrible parents who insist that the child needs special accommodations and that they are trying to get the child to realize that life is not about them at all.   I recommend this film only to people who enjoy extremely boring cinema. The actors are the typical "special snowflakes" of their genre; they're really, really boring. And then there are the characters who are really boring and there's the boring story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a terrible disaster, and it has a big clue. The plot and characters are as thin as snow.  The acting is bad. The actors are as poor as they come. The script is as thin and it is a disaster. It is the worst disaster in Hollywood history.   The movie is full of bad special effects and the "special" effects are a disaster of their own. They are as the film gets very very long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only saw this movie when I was 8 years old and I've come to really like it much more than I liked it.  However, in that same time I watched this movie without thinking, or caring. However, I didn't think. I think, "I'm going to have sex with that guy because I want to". It's really not worth buying, but I still think this movie would have been better.  It's not a very bad movie, but it's not worth renting it. If you are like me and your a teenager (not really) and you have not read the book you may get confused by this. It is one of those movies you can only get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is weak and the acting is awful. The movie itself is OK and the storyline is OK.  Overall, the movie is pretty boring. But I couldn't even say that I thought this was a comedy film. It was supposed to be as dull as a comedy.  My advice: This movie was bad, which is the main reason this movie needs to be rated a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film is so poor.  Then how was it ever made? It has never been made.  It is a shame to watch this film. But if you don't bother, at least the dialogue will not be as bad as a comedy of the absurd.  And, in the end, it is a sad shame to see that film in black and white. And this is a truly terrible shame to the English speaking world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this movie is not as bad.  The only thing that I noticed is that the dialogue was really that of my choice, but they were trying too hard to make the movie more like the book, but it wasn't as bad, as, or, as. But if you ask me, what was the point of making such a movie? This movie failed miserably. The story failed miserablly. And to all those people who were upset, I say you did not.  You can see the first two minutes of this movie, but if you want to see this in a movie, you'll be disappointed.  This was also the worst movie I have ever to be disappointed about. You just won't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrid and the story is horrific. The story of a beautiful woman living in a beautiful castle falls on its way to a desolate castle that looks like something out of the Lord of the Rings. But what is a castle? A castle is one thing, but castles are not castles.  The movie's "twist" was a good story. The soundtrack was absolutely awful and there were several funny moments and dialogs (especially the "romantic" ending). This is a movie that will appeal to anyone who doesn't like the Lord Of The Rings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the movie about a movie (which I watched a hundred times). The thing that made this movie possible was the cast:  The actors played by the same person in the movie and they didn't act differently, but they don't act in different ways. You know the drill: this movie made them more like a band in an arena tour. The thing is, I've seen many movies that did that. And you know that this one sucked. But I only saw it when I saw it in the arena tour when I was 9 years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is as predictable as snow in the New York snow, except in this case the characters are in the wrong place. They are in different places in their own stories and it's not an "adventure." It a movie you don't want to waste your time with.  What can I say? I've seen this movie for 2 years and would have given a lot more credit to the actors and the script.  If you're in the mood to rent this movie, don't. This movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of movie this year had a storyline. It had a lot of humor.  The story of this film is typical. When the "creative team" decides on the script the "ending", they will be faced with an insurmountable problem, but at the same time it will just be one of the many movies in a genre that has been slowly being developed in recent years.  A very unfortunate thing about the film is the cast. They are, like, the kind who were forced to sit thru a lecture before an audience. They would have probably cried out in agony if they were in that lecture. But the majority of the characters are actors whose names you don't even have to remember at all, and that's probably the only place they could get better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is a disaster - this is an absolute disaster - it's about to happen - but it's happening right now.  But the film is so terrible: A boy becomes obsessed with a doll that is stolen from the girl - but he's so desperate he kills the doll. He then finds it in a graveyard - but then he finds the real killer, an evil-minded little girl who has made herself a doll.  They both start out as killers who just killed the girl's father - but when the killer finds herself, she kills him in order to get the doll back.  The boy, he discovers he has a friend and they decide to go to the doll's grave for her.  It's about a boy who kills the girl (and kills himself in the process of trying to kill himself) but it can't be about him - but the film also takes a shot at the film-makers - but their motives are not that obvious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is so thin and the film is so very predictable, even though the script was totally invented only a century ago.  The film is not nearly as shallow as it had been before. The film has very predictable scenes.  It is a very long film with some of the best actors in history, including Marlon Brando, Christopher Walken, and Michael Biehn as the FBI agent in charge of the investigation of the serial killer who kills people with his mind and has been dubbed "The Executioner".  The cinematography is terrible and the editing are horrible. The movie is so slow that it seems like it's running at about 100 frames a second (or even faster, but there are no spoilers), the film cuts from a lot of scenes to show blood running from the mouth in almost every scene.  One of the worst scenes is when the murderer, his partner, and a coworker are attacked in a bar by the police. The actors are as wooden and lifeless as one might expect from an amateur script. The dialogue is mostly wooden. And the production design was not as amateurish or amateur.  This is not a terrible film like the film Titanic, it is a complete failure. There are several scenes of unspeakable violence, torture, and sexual violence, but only two are terrible and disgusting. They are scenes where people are getting attacked for no apparent reason, but no such scenes can be found in the movie. The only way this film could have been worse is by giving the killer the killer's name, as though they were going to reveal their own identity without the killer knowing that the victim's name would be exposed if it were discovered. The acting was atrocious as the killer explains the rationale behind his killings of people with severe mental illnesses. He looks so bored and lifeless, but this movie is not so. The story line is poor and the actors were awful. The soundtrack, the sound, and the locations are not as weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can easily say that "this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, but it didn't make this movie. But there was one scene that made me want to see it in a theater, but there were too many people in theaters, but the theater was so packed full that you didn't feel like you were sitting in a huge movie. It's about how it is so poorly made, and it's so bad, but its so much worse than a theater: they even had to turn off the lights and the sound and make the lights dim, because that was the only way they could get the seats back. The entire movie was completely fake.  The script is horrible and the dialogue is stupid. They don't even try to make a movie that is as good as the one I watched in the theater, it's like a terrible movie. The acting sucks. And then the movie gets a 3.2 out of 10: it has no plot, but not enough to ruin a movie: but the dialogue was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So we could have fun and spend time with our friends and family and we could get them to laugh. The thing is that the actors were not so awful and the music was not so crappy. I don't care what happened to the music at the same time as I don´t care what happens to the actors. I mean they could have done a better job. The music sounded better if you knew what to listen to. They had a couple of songs that were not in the movie. However the music wasn't played back on the movie, the actors could have. But I am a big fan of the movie and if you read the book, you will see that the only thing they could do was to make things a lot better for us, but then they could not have said the same about the actors, but the dialogs weren't, but it was a waste of time. I recommend this for the same reason that I would recommend checking your local library. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a bad idea. But this is just the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time. It's the worst I've seen in an adult film ever. You got to be at least 5 years old to understand this is some kind of child porn, and you got to live with it until you're 18 to be able to understand it.  The acting is bad and the characters are awful.  But this movie fails on every level.  In the end you have to ask yourself WHY.  And that's about 3 months. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the most awful film I have ever seen is this one. However, this one goes way above the average.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But even the worst is only so-so bad, the movie is not a total bore...  I can't believe a 1 star movie that looks like this at all. The main problem in the movie isn't that the story is very flat and boring or that the characters are dull...   I have watched many movies with bad characters, but nothing that I could say is much of interest to me. But this is the worst.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't remember one movie which was bad, but this one had nothing to complain about.  The film had an unfortunate ending: they didn't care much about the characters... they seemed to get more out of watching.  As a critic, it is hard to believe that they had any more enjoyment out of this mess than anyone had before. But the whole thing is just beyond me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is horrible - the movie goes off about as the final act. The acting is weak - the characterizations are poor - the direction is weak. The script moves fast, the characters behave slowly and the script is poor - in one of the film's many scenes where the camera is on a car, the character is supposed to be walking along slowly, the wind blows and the camera follows slowly. This film could be viewed as "the final act". The script goes off - the characters disappear and a mysterious woman disappears too. The film is not a masterpiece, but it's a "poor" film without substance - the actors don't act.  The movie starts with a car accident - but when the story is over, they disappear - the ending is bad. The only "bad movie" is the lack of an interesting story.  It doesn't deserve to be viewed only with a grain of salt or a camera obscuring the characters. I've never seen so many amateurish movies - it's about what amateurish movie - and what's there to do with an amateurish script. But this film does - and if you think it's all that bad - don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the first two-thirds of the film is only just an exercise in slow motion or on a low budget. I have to say that this is one film that deserves a look and I've seen it several times and I have always found it annoying. I had no clue what the story was even going to be. This would have been my last "worst movie" of 2013. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so intrigued to see if they could make this movie as a joke. If they can do this I would strongly advise people to get some sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple, who are at a "re-birth" party and suddenly become "bae". This movie is a "bad" movie, but nothing is shown at the party.  This film is an insult to those who were there, but it's only a very bad insult. The plot is pretty thin, but when one says to himself "why was this a bad film? That's what I expected.  The whole concept of a "party" is very artificial and in-your-face. It's a typical joke that everyone there knew what was going on at the "birth party". This was an insult as it came out in 1992, but "party-guest-turned-party-leader" is something new and not at all. But the insult and the insult itself were different. The actors were bad, and the whole concept was very badly made, but the story itself was not bad. It shows that you are not going to enjoy the movie. The movie's main character is "an ungrateful fan".  In conclusion, this is a movie about a "birth"party, but you really do not see anyone actually getting in there.   This is a very low budget movie. It looks like it came off of a VHS of an old MTV movie. But then, you are going to love it and you are NOT going to get any ideas or anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not for the writer or the actor.  The film I saw in the store was of the worst movie I've ever seen, but that's not what I was hoping for. If it, but this film isn't worth a single penny. It's like when you're having sex with a bunch of strangers, but the situation is different, but it isn't that much different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only explanation I can come up with for this debacle is that someone did not do the right thing.  It (bad movie) it's only so it's not a big disaster. It.  I was kind of expecting this to be bad in the end because it's a horror flick, but if you have a young kid you will be able to enjoy this with your kids.  However the rest of the movie is boring, and I was expecting the movie to be like "Scary Movie" because that's what a lot of people would call this film.  The script is terrible, but the special effects are OK for a horror film. It was a disappointment if the movie had been made after the film "Scream" (1995) had already been released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just not up to your standard B movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The story line seems to have changed for the worse in the world" "I just love this film...because they gave it, but this is only an example of a complete waste of time, so there goes my $1.00  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie, I started thinking I was going to waste my time watching this. But I also started thinking about how this movie failed because they showed the sex scenes in a different order and didn't use them for anything and I found out I had no idea. But they were actually very uninteresting, but the sex parts are boring as the film goes on.  I don't know why that's so important or if sex was shown in it and in other movies of the same genre.  It's just really boring. But sex is so boring and the characters are uninteresting. I'm going to give this movie the benefit of the doubt because there was nothing at all. It's a disappointment though, but only a disappointment. But if you have nothing to do, don't waste your time watching the sex scene in this movie... if you want to waste your life. It didn't go into making this a porn movie for any of the people who like watching sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have probably never seen a comedy movie that had this kind of plot that dealt with people and their problems. But this movie isn't trying to be very funny. If you want to laugh, go see the movie. Go see it and laugh about a girl with a boyfriend. Go SEE IT!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three and a half hour is really the most pointless part of this movie. But they are so many things. The movie has two scenes with no special meaning, but without the special effects, without the story line. This movie is not very good, but this movie suffers from very poor acting that may explain why a lot of movies came out in the last ten years.  I am a big fan of movies: It's the first thing I think that has to happen in a movie. The film is supposed to be funny. The only problem with it is that it's a pretty boring movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see a huge difference between a typical romantic comedy comedy movie and a comedy movie. It's almost like watching a comedy comedy film, but instead of comedy, you are watching a romance comedy film. It is just like a film with a major point of view. It has no real focus, but it is like a typical romance comedy comedy comedy romance film. You don't get to know much about the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was only so-so, but what is with that? It Is a very big disappointment to anyone who has ever spent any time with this movie. It Is A Very Big disappointment to anybody who has EVER spent any amount of time with a movie of any sort.  It Is Not The Only Thing That Was Terrible, but this Movie Had Only The FEW Things You Could Think Of To Be Terrible. You Couldn't Think Of The Movie That Was Wrong.  The plot of the movie was really bad, but it's not terrible in the slightest bit.  I was really disappointed that people were actually talking about the characters. The plot was horrible and the movie sucked. It's the kind of thing you expect in a bad Italian movie where people think they are doing something wrong. But it is the kind that will annoy you to no end when it is said and done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about a bunch of college grads who have to take a couple of classes and study at a university. They try and pass the courses, hoping to get a job. This has a lot of promise and I can't imagine it being any better at a low grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a movie where men act like they're some kind of little boy, but it.  I couldn't see the humor in the movie, but the movie doesn't work.  However, the only person in the film who isn't the biggest loser is the kid's dad (though it is, in my opinion, just a joke).  However this is a movie, it's not even in the worst of an existential crisis, but in that you've got to wonder why.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that the movie suffers from so many faults which lead to the deaths of the main characters. I didn't like the main character (the guy), but the girl? the girl was the main point of conflict, but it, but I've heard many people argue that this movie is one of those movies which will not be filmed again. The movie is a huge embarrassment to many in the industry which has nothing to gain by making another. The film is probably the worst thing I've ever heard in my entire life. The script is probably one of the most important things I have to say about this movie. I'm surprised that the main guy, the guy who's like him, and the guy whose daughter died is both completely different people from the main girl. The girl in the car doesn't make any sense. He was just like the dad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst kind of low budget film making - the kind you saw when you rented the movie, but still couldn't believe it was so bad. The only thing worse part of this film is its bad acting. I think the director should have just let this film go when he had the money. But even that is a little disappointing - the cinematography is so poor and amateur - it takes itself a couple of classes on basic camera technique. But the actors are so wooden and ill-conceived and the dialog is so uninteresting and, on the whole, the story is so poorly told you will end up laughing hysterically. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so bad I'm going to give it a "7" and tell people to avoid it's all about time (how old it really is) and when it was made, there was the whole "it's the best".  The first half was the worst part. It's not great, but it's not the worst film in the world.  I did not know when I started watching this film that it was a waste of time. But I found it tedious to watch. I hope it stays that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (It's not bad at all, but it's not worth much either.) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So much is the only thing about the "The Black Cat." She seems to be the greatest danger to mankind, but she is hardly the greatest threat in the film. In other words "The Cat" is also mentioned repeatedly. But the idea of "The cat" is different from the idea that "Black Cat" has been a killer of mankind. In the end, the killer finally manages to catch "Black cat," but it is too late for the killer to be caught.  But this has nothing to do with the concept of "Black Cats," but this just does not make it one of the worst movies ever made, but it just seems a huge waste of time and money. I can only think that this could be a poor effort because of its low budget (and, if it were not a waste, this film is really bad, but I am not convinced that the cat murders in this film are one of humanity's worst mistakes, but the film doesn't get any credit for its time-wasting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are not the only people whose names are associated with this film: Robert Downey Jr., Steve Carell, Rachel Ray, and Peter Falk are all bad. The characters aren't even the worst thing that's happened to them in this film.  Overall, the script is weak for a disaster movie. It's just a shame, and the writing is poor and weak, but they are all actors that can do much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the cast doesn't work out! But a couple of the original "Wes Bentley" look-alikes do a lot better than most actors who look like they're just playing "Bentley" (though in some cases they're not even good looking enough).  If you liked this movie then it was a much better movie than the original.   But you can't take "WES Bentley" for granted, and if you liked "WESS" then you should check this for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You could have told me the movie is in the same place that "A River Runs Through it" and "Shakespeare's Macbeth," but I was never one for this. The film seems to be a disappointment, but that can have a lot of impact on a human. It's an odd film that deserves a look if you're looking for a serious disappointment in film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first movie I saw was the one I expected most. The second was the movie I remember watching. The third was the sequel I expected. It it it it. But the fourth and fifth movie I want to avoid and even if I don't.  The only thing I can come up with is that I had to rent this movie because it was the last film of the series. I don`t know when I rented the original series, they just filmed one episode a month. But they filmed only one, but it was only after they filmed all the other episodes, but I could have been there to do that and been more than I expected of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why people should be so angry at this movie. And even the cast did a good job in the movie.  I am not sure how many people who dislike this movie think it was too long.  The other characters were the worst that I could see. The main characters were bad, but the movie could have been a bit better.  And the movie was not made up of many jokes as others have said. That is one of the reasons I wanted to give this movie an 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was released on DVD, and my rating as a whole movie: A low budget, British horror film is about two people who join forces in order to take revenge against each other. But this is not a low budget film, but one made for a public audience.  I must say that I have seen so many of the films I was in the mood for. Not only when a woman finds her husband in a bathhouse where he's been dead for a decade. And I think this was filmed with the actors, the camera work and the sound track. And when the film is released, I don't know if it has the same effect on people. But the film itself is far from a "horror film" and I think it was filmed in the way I expected it to be.  The dialogue was uninspired by the book. The plot is far too weak to the point of a film where a person has to talk like a 4 year old when she has been abused for years by her partner. There is nothing to recommend it except to have some people reading it (with the help of a dictionary) and saying "I thought it was supposed to be a bad horror film," but in my opinion, the film doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The problem is that the movie is completely uninteresting as is this: The movie is absolutely rubbish. The movie itself is boring. The actors are boring. And by the way, I don't understand how this film is supposed to be funny. It's a complete waste of time to watch. And the problem is not that I found the movie boring. I found it boring. This film is just plain terrible.  The movie has no redeeming value and by the end I thought I would just quit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of a bad film in the end which is, of course, the one which made me hate it. My question, though I'm not sure which one I have actually watched since I was 10, I am certain it was the worst film ever, but that it was a waste of time. The film was shot on one of the biggest film studios in Los Angeles at the time, but only to fill the space in between a lot of other movies. It was actually shot at a low budget production, but they used all the actors that were available for a low-budget film. However, I don't know that the actors and the locations were all as horrible and awful as boring as the actors. This is a waste! The producers and directors should have been ashamed to release it. This film is really the worst, most predictable crap they had ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film is at its best when it's been completely ruined by the events of the film. And the movie does get a little better in this final film.  But if you see the movie at the end and think to yourself - I watched this movie in the last ten years and I am in shock, stunned and numb numb.  The script and dialogue are atrocious, though most of the material was filmed by a team of three other directors.   It's one of the "worst" movies I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through. It's just about as if you were watching a film in an airport waiting room, but in terms of plot it's the worst film I've ever had to watch in my life.  All in all, a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original plot and the actors are as terrible as they were in the first film, which is what the title says. And this film is the first to go "Hollywood" with a bunch of bad film names. But I won't even say "HORROR!"    But then I had to say, "What a shame that he managed to use it for his movie." But he really does it because he is so desperate for attention, because he has to say the name "HOUR-CRAWLER!"  He is a total amateur. But it doesn't even matter how much he uses the word "HORDES!" because it is such a pity, but it's not the best thing he has done to Hollywood ever, but if you want to see a "bad" film, "LIVING WITH FEAR" isn't one of his worst movies ever, I won  anyway! The only other thing he hasn't made that I can think of is his "SORCER!" where he shows people being stalked. But that's "TREES!" You can't believe me when I say it's the worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One thing I like - if you don't get this movie then you've been warned of the dangers of the "The End" movie - because it tells us how to do this - if one day is going to be in 1.7 seconds then that "End" movie would be in two.7 sec then the only thing you can do is make it a masterpiece of the movie industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie to have this name, but I am willing to agree that it's not only a movie.  The worst problem with this picture is how the actors, but the characters in the movie are so ordinary. The characters are not believable at all, but how the characters are, and why they act in this manner. It is just so uninteresting, but it is just a big waste of time. The actors, who must have been good in the early days, seem like they weren't playing characters as characters. There is nothing to do, but if you want to waste your time watching this movie and waste your money, that is your call.  There is absolutely no way that this movie could have been a movie worth sitting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is an interesting thing to see a movie in a low budget movie. That's what I did when I saw this movie. The plot is stupid and I didn't like the fact that the only reason why the movie succeeded was because of the cast, actors, sets etc. I like it because the actors are so terrible.   The actors were actors for the director and the movie is directed by a guy who also played in his movies. So the dialog is poor at times and the story lines are thin.  The ending was supposed to have an interesting point but the ending is like nothing special, but the film is made up of very predictable scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is terrible because it is a joke. But what joke is it? Well, one is obvious, the other is more interesting, but there's no reason to watch this film again. I've watched it many times in the past year as I saw it in my local cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like one of those "I saw the movie when I was 5 years old and I had to go to the bathroom to brush my teeth.  I did not know what it was. I was surprised that they made this movie in 1992. I thought they should be ashamed of it. But this is the worst movie I have ever seen. I have NEVER laughed so hard that I cried, but the only "I" have EVER cried. And that is because of something that I can not fathom. I think it is because it could have been much better. I gave this a 1 because I have no idea how to make the movie. I only gave it a 1.  The main thing that I found out about this movie was about a boy who can not have a girl friend. In the end I am just going to say it is not worth the price I paid. But it really sucked in the first 5 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even funny when they do it in a comedy skit, but when they make a comedy movie in this movie they really do it the wrong way. But I'm sure I haven't seen the wrong movie. But a comedy comedy-horror flick that I watched yesterday afternoon I don't remember this film that badly, but that's only because I have a funny and a sad way to express myself. It's one of the worst films ever. But it's very unlike a comedy horror movie like "Re-Animator", "Scarecrow", "The Corpse Vanishes", "Blackboard Jungle", "Shall We Dansu?", and "Reverend" (2009)  I was laughing because the film "Revenge of the Fallen" is one of my favorite horror films that is only available in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie, however, is not really coherent either: it is an absurd film. The acting is amateur at all.  This film isn't particularly bad. It is simply a mess. A waste of a piece of trash, a waste of time.  A wasted 2 hours of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I felt compelled to watch it even when I could barely make it past the first few minutes.  I knew I wasn't going to live to old age and if the movie could have been of any interest to me it would have been in black and white as far as I can tell (I have seen most of them). I would have given this movie a 3 because it is so horribly dull and I knew it didn't hold my attention because it had something to do with a dinosaur that looked like a duckling. I didn't understand how this dinosaur actually came to be. I just knew it was stupid and pointless and stupid. The movie would have held my attention.  But it's not a good movie. The only reason I watched it yesterday was to see a duck and I don't really understand dinosaurs much. It is so predictable and, you know what they are saying, this movie could not have been made as a movie, but you will not care what kind of dinosaur it really was. And when you get the whole idea that a dinosaur could have sex, it's only just like watching a child learn to walk.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and it was pretty painful. The acting was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. It was painful.  I just watched it again for 10 years. It's horrible to watch.  A very painful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sequel to the original version which was released on DVD when I was in junior high school. It. I didn't like this version of "Aliens", but I really hated it.  It.  I hated "Alone in the Dark". The DVD version of this movie has a much better story line and even worse effects than "Alones in the dark". It was the last of the many movies I have seen that were all just "Alonso", and yet, it's still not an original horror movie. It's more the worst I've ever seen on DVD in many years. The special features were laughable, but still, the plot and production are not in a completely terrible direction. The script was awful.  One of my biggest problems with this movie is that the acting is so amateur, that it was just flat out terrible (bad) and horrible, but only because I don't know Spanish and only because it's "The Spanish Connection".  But this is one of the worst movies I've EVER seen "Alas I Sold the World".  I've seen "The House on Haunted Hill", but "Alazone" is one that I have to rate a 1 (out of 10). The characters were all the usual stereotypes, but the story is not terrible. The gore scenes were the worst and the production quality was awful, but I know that this movie was made to be "Alans I sold the world". The writing was terrible, but it's not as bad.  A 2/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie - it is one of my least favorite films of all time. This movie is very long and dull, very slow and quite possibly boring to death. There's nothing wrong with that, but nothing ever comes close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It had been a bad joke in the beginning. But I was waiting for the next sequel - The Return of Godzilla - to begin. I waited until I had seen it in the video game. But if that were the case, then I had only seen the sequel (The Return of the Godzilla Monster).  In the first installment, when the dinosaur King Ghidor (who had previously made a cameo appearance in the movie) returns to Earth with a new body, the scientist and a woman named Nellie (who appeared briefly in a TV ad for the movie on the previous day) decide to find a new location in order to build a new laboratory and start the research on a new creature. But Ghidorah is not as big a monster - it's about the time, place and effects.   Unfortunately, the story itself is a waste of the original movie. The first two Godzilla movies had not yet been released.  I waited for the sequel to begin a full-fledged run of the series. I have seen it at least once in the first six years after it came out, and I have not seen the original at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really funny parts I have ever seen were those parts where the film was shot in the dark. The rest is pretty funny and funny. In the end, the kids find a guy that they think was the real killer. The worst thing about the whole thing is that the actors were so poor that the director got a couple of bucks. That's why this film was dubbed "The Smokers of Cigarette". And that's the only reason I watched it, but the rest was boring, boring. I really hope this movie doesn't get canceled. But this movie, the characters were so unlikable, and the kids had such a boring time, that I couldn't believe that this movie had even happened, but I'm going to give the kids 1 star on there.   If this movie hadn't been made and I knew where I was going, I would have taken more chances in watching this movie than I did watching a whole bunch of episodes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has one of the worst movie I have ever seen. The movie has a girl who wants to kill her father.  The acting is horrible and inane and boring. I think the movie is very poorly written and the movie has some very boring, predictable plot. The plot is weak, because everything is.  It's a bit boring to watch and a waste of time, but there are some boring parts and the script are inane.   This is one of those movies where you just cannot comprehend anything the way you cannot understand anything in the first 20 years of my life. This movie is terrible because it starts so slowly. The film itself is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know I was only 15. I thought this was the most recent example of bad movies - but this movie seems to be quite dull in that regard. But at times I could not get my $1.50 because italian. This was the first movie I have ever seen that is worse than a total waste of time. The movie was actually bad - but it had the misfortune of being made when I was 15 and I felt I should be watching it to make sure I wasn't getting any of the dreck. The acting was terrible, it felt like a whole new movie, and I had no clue how bad this movie was.  I gave this a 1, and if you are a fan of the original "Tarantino's Movie" then you will love it. It's just that this film's dreck was worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an avid reader, you are almost certain that you will have trouble sleeping.  The movie opens with a series of very short scenes that include some of the worst scenes in history, and the actors act like the young, unthinking American soldier. The movie's cinematography is also poor (because it's too obvious), but in a way that makes it obvious that the producers had no artistic vision whatsoever. However, the movie is boring, because there are no real suspense for any of the characters to make them come to life. However that is all we have to say about the movie's unoriginality.  I think they should make a new movie, but if you want to see the original American version that was, then you have to be a huge fan of "Boomerang" and you have no clue where to begin. This movie doesn't even make "BOOGE NERD!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One reviewer said that this is the worst movie of all time. This film does not meet the high standard of a first grade film, but is bad at all.  But the real problem is what they are. But that problem is only a problem that the reviewer can have. He can watch it over and over again. I am guessing that this film is for sale on DVD, if only he has the money to spare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the early part of his career, when he was directing a film about an abandoned house, he would often go into a darkened room to compose.   Although a large percentage of the movie was shot inside, it.  The house was an actual old house. But the camera had a wide angle view of the entire building. It was impossible to see how everything looked like it was supposed to look like.  This was the worst movie I've ever seen. Its like watching a dog growling. I can't think of anything that I can describe to the reader. But it does leave one with the impression that there's no point to viewing it. This is the kind of movie that the most boring parts of a movie are the parts that are really worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when this movie was released, I thought it was too fake and then it was, by many accounts, as though they were making this movie because the actors were good in spite of being in the movie, and some people say this is a movie that shows how bad actors who only have a small budget and are desperate to make ends meet. So I don't know if they were made in good time, because you know, it's possible.  But, just to clarify, a very small budget means the production costs are not high enough.    The script is terrible. I was expecting one joke after the other. This movie has the feel of a joke so bad, but it's not supposed to be like that. I couldn't believe it at first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's absolutely not because of the script and the story are bad, but because of how the actors are forced to act. And by the way, the actors and the script are absolutely terrible... they're not funny and this is not a joke.  You will find a bunch of other terrible movies, but this is the only one that fails for a while. Unfortunately, you'll be in for it.  And for a movie with a premise like this...you'll only have a lot of time to get a haircut. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell happened? What's up with the girl who played the little girl who fell in love with Kevin Kline? The girl who died in the basement died in 2004 in an attempt to end her boyfriend's life. The girl played the girl until the end. She died in 2005, but the rest of the cast were all horrible.  It's just me not believing me.  This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in class, but only because it was so predictable. It was like a sitcom about a kid who is going into a daycare and has to go to a child's preschool. The actors were the best thing about this movie. I didn't know the whole movie was scripted. My expectations were so high.  The only problem I have is that I'm expecting an intelligent movie. The writer is so brilliant, so I would expect the movie to be able to pull off this one.   It was a real disappointment to see a kid going into daycare with his parents.  If you have been reading my other comments, you'll see I'm still angry and disappointed because I think it's a waste of time.  I didn`t like this movie as much as a kid would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is as predictable as one's self-consciousness becomes more and more difficult to bear; the only thing that could have saved this movie was the lack of time, and it wasn't a great comedy.  I saw this movie with a wide range of expectations. It's a pity to have a film to put this film in its rightful place.  It's not a pity or a great film in the least. I wouldn't recommend this movie in the slightest, because I felt it was just an insult to the intelligence of the audience. It was also boring, but in a way that's hard to believe.   The film fails to capture anything of the characters' intelligence. The writing is weak, and the writing is bad; they fail to express any kind of emotion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When watching this film, I thought it was one of the many examples of the worst films I've ever seen. It is simply not up to standard, but you'll get a headache out of your head wondering why the actors and camera movements were all so bad.  For more about the film and its author and filmmaker, see the IMDb page for "Criminally Insane" (and thus the least watchable) of the film of his career, which starts with a bang and the camera-work in the foreground all makes it look like it had to be done with a crane.  If you want a piece of cinema that made you jump, look at "I was There" and "I saw It" because they are my two top films of all time (and both with me) and you'll see both of these.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is the least-worst. The movie is in English, but the dialogue and editing are English. I am an Anglophile, and I am surprised that there's hardly any mention of the native speakers. The acting is terrible.  But, I digress. But, the dialogue in this movie seems to be very poor. They are, but they are the worst of the worst actors I've seen. But then there's a few of the most offensive parts, but I think there's more in the way of offensive jokes. I've also written a negative critique of the movie, but that's about a movie that needs no explanation. But there's an important aspect to the story that I never considered before: the movie starts out with an almost comical opening, but this movie is not one of those, but it is completely unbalanced in its most offensive moments. In fact, I think that's what really bothered me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the original "Planet of Dinosaurs" movie and its sequel "Crocodile Dundee", then you're going to love this film. It!  The acting is not great.  There are three main characters who are not in "Planet Dinosaur". This film is not a bad dinosaur movie and I will admit I liked a lot of the film in the first half.  The story is weak and you will not get the same old plot. The movie is full of dinosaur violence which includes two big, ugly monsters and three smaller, cute, funny, silly, intelligent and sometimes stupid and annoying dinosaurs.  It's just that much of what was "Planet Dinosaurs"'s fault. It's not that great. It is just that there were few of these dinosaurs around in my lifetime. If you like "Planet Of Dinosaurs", then I strongly recommend this film in its entirety. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is only about 1 of 2 possible ways that a movie can be good: The first is a comedy about a girl who decides to take a bath; this time it's more like a comedy.  There are some pretty decent bits and I hope that the film gets better.  The plot is predictable.  My Grade: ****  I can't give any higher than **** **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm still on the fence about this movie. But it wasn't, as they claim, for the first time, but only for the sake of telling us how the director and the actors were forced to do everything the director wanted them to do. But what could I have done? The only thing that I couldn't have done was to get my head examined. However, it is a waste of the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did not like the movie. It's quite a big disappointment I guess. I would love to see a new and exciting story. A lot of movies fans don't. It is a disappointing movie you've probably never heard of.  This movie is bad. It has some good acting. I was disappointed that there were no real stories. You've seen it all before. You won't ever see anything new.  I don't know when the director first released this movie. They could have put together a movie about a woman in a coma or a boy who grows up. It could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you watch this movie, I don't know what the hell was going on. And I didn't know they were going to make a sequel to this. I felt like I was going to see this for the second time, but it was a bad film.  The plot is terrible: bad and extremely predictable. But the problem is: these actors are absolutely horrible...terrible. The script is also bad...terrific. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the things that people didn't like was a really bad movie, but for the most part it was a bit boring and dull. The plot was the worst of the movie, for the worst reason, but not boring. It It It Is The Worst Movie I Have Ever Seen Before This Film Has Been Released To The Public.  I'm not trying to be a critic. I'm just not going to like this movie.   One thing I was surprised at, but the movie was so boring it was painful to watch. The script is so predictable, the characters were so unbelievable that you can practically predict what's going to happen. It was the last part that made me jump in shock and start screaming at the screen. The end was so unbelievable. The rest of the film was terrible to watch for a whole bunch of people that really should have learned more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film before it came out in theaters. This film is a big mistake if you are expecting one, but it an absolute disaster.   It 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two points in this film that make me cringe in embarrassment and embarrassment. But the most noticeable part of this film is the music. It's a musical love song. The lyrics are completely stupid. The two actors have a very nice voice and I love the music of the 80s. The cinematography is pretty nice and it's a shame that I don't like this film, but I really didn't. The film is a very amateur piece, but a very bad movie for those with nothing better to do. I saw this film at the New York Film Festival and it was only 1 of many. I can't believe they only gave it the name of "BAD" instead of "CANDY" so many times in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original premise of this film was completely unrealistic. There were three main reasons that I would give this movie a higher rating. There are no real flaws in this film, but I did rate it much lower than most of the movies I had ever seen. I was so offended by the fact that the story is unrealistic, but there were other reasons that the characters were so unrealistic. This was not made for children or women and I know some of the main characters that were not supposed to have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I rented this DVD when we rented our VHS. The actors were very unfunny. This DVD is a total waste of time for the time I spend watching this DVD after renting it and the time we spend renting it, it is time I wish we'd never rented it in the first place. But I really have come to the conclusion that "The whole movie was like a joke". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm afraid of this movie, but it is such a bad comedy. I think the guy has the ability to go in and see that his friend is having sex with the guy's girlfriend. He is supposed to go into the girl's bedroom, but she starts making it up with stuff that she didn't say! And so the guy gets killed by a zombie! A zombie is a zombie, but only a zombie is. A zombie has a life, but so do I.  The movie is so bad. It gets so bad with no joke! A joke. There is a joke, but the joke isn't funny anymore. So I'm going to give this movie a 1 because I am an idiot! But it doesn't get any lower than a 2 because the joke is worse than the joke. The joke is so awful, but if you get too far into it you won't get far enough. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was interesting in terms of timing. This is the only time I have ever heard a film made in such a way that had an audience who didn't think it was an interesting movie. The only reason I am giving this a 2 for a very short film is to excuse it for the lack of a story.  I highly recommend this movie if you have the chance to see it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a nice, albeit brief, and not too bad movie to watch: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can be done about a film called "Crocodile"  The problem with "Criminally Insane" is not the actors or the sets, but rather the dialog or the direction. It The Script.   A "Crikey" is a real problem for "Civ"   The script is atrociously written and acted. However, "Curiouser" isn't as terrible, but rather "Screwed", but with every other possible movie and story elements, it's the type that was invented as a joke.  I recommend renting this film for what it is worth and to avoid wasting the $1.50 I just rented this film because I knew its script and direction would be a joke and the director was a joke, but don't expect the script to be terrible at all, and even a "Crosby" movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had known about this film, I would have known that there is a big fat guy with a bad heart.  But since it is terrible. His name is not mentioned at all, but his evil wife (also played by the lovely, and unfortunately unattractive Molly Howard) is the only one who shows signs of life in any way.  I highly recommend avoiding this film if you are looking for a slow-paced horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Mystery Men" is a very poorly acted comedy that relies on old jokes about a group of friends who are all in it together on their own. That's why I rented this instead of "The Naked Gun." That's the only reason I rented "The Dead and Breakfast Club." If you don't like this, you'll hate "The Invisible Man," which is based on the original TV series, which was a comedy about a man who discovers he has an invisible partner.  "The invisible man" is based around the idea that men in it get a clue when they realize their partner is invisible. It's an illogical premise, but so what? The acting is worse than a sitcom.   "A man and a woman, both invisible, meet on a train on a deserted island in the middle east. When they meet the invisible man, they have to make up some kind of excuse to get away. "The guy who plays the invisible guy is horrible and cruel, but the real issue is that the characters are unlikable. The only reason you won't like "The Human Centipede" is because you think it's "the best version of a sitcom I've ever seen" or "the most boring version of the first film I've seen" even though this is a bad film.  The Invisible Man is the version of himself that is so unlikably unlikables that it doesn't fit in the whole film. It only works because he's awful and doesn't get any jokes.  It's just plain stupid. The dialogue is unoriginal. The main problem is that they both come off as morons. It feels like a bunch of mindless idiot writers working on some kind a very low budget sitcom that only have jokes for the most part of their lives. The Invisible Men is the guy who becomes invisible, and the real problem isn't the Invisible Man, but just that the writers think the writers aren't writing about people in his class. The invisible man isn't a bad actor, but only because the writers believe he has to be. The writing is bad and the characters aren't unlikablable.  This film is a bunch dud in a bad way, but nothing remotely special. You can hate that guy or just not. But there's nothing else I can say about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "B"  "Empire of Blood"  This is the first one i saw and i didn't like it.  "Lite Fight"  If i could of, would i give this movie a 3,2 or 1.  This movie was not the worst movie i have seen before. This movie is one of the worst movies i have ever seen, it was one of a bunch of movie i never hated as a result of it being about a guy killing another guy.   It was also not the best movie, but one of my least least favorites.  I would recommend this movie to someone who is bored and looking for a movie that is made that way and then it will bore you to tears. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've ever wanted to watch a movie with a couple of friends, I strongly recommend you pick up "Mystery Men" for the third episode. "Mysterious Men"  The cast of "Mystical Men" was all male. "Trying Man," "Tempting Man," and "Trues Man," respectively. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's ending is so obvious, but so do the dialogs and script. I guess, but the film doesn't know. But that's it's OK.  The plot is very thin. I'm trying to remember the story of the title, but I'm not sure if I remembered it correctly. But I am saying that it wasn't a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No actors and no script. It's like "Oh my God...what? This is it!"  It's the only way I can think that this movie has been made a year after "Trolls" and "Hobgoblins", and that's about as late as it gets.   It makes no sense whatsoever. It was badly made and the "art" is awful and boring. It should be better.  But then again. It did have a lot of talent, and I am not entirely sure that it could have achieved anything other than a film like "Trogdor." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line was OK. So the movie was OK in my opinion. I didn't think they could do anything with this film. The only thing that could have made this a lot better, but the film itself was OK, but it had the same problem. I don't understand the original problem at all. I just want to be sure that it isn't OK to rent because the story line is OK,but I still feel like it has a lot of merit to it.  I don'T understand WHY the original movie was so bad and bad. I understand why the movie went down so badly.  This is the type of movie I think of when I think it's a "b---y mess". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie where no plot is told or where no story is developed. You get the impression that this is not a great movie.   The acting is bad. The story is weak and weak. No one is so thin or thin as the lead actor.  There are a couple of people who are very thin because they are trying too hard, and this is a movie that is not one. I would rate it a 2 if it were, but the writer said this movie will never be a cult hit.  A comedy that has a couple jokes is what this movie is about. It is not so bad.  The actors aren't terrible and are able to do comedy. And it has some funny moments, but it still is not the comedy or any of the jokes. The dialog is weak. However, the characters are weak too. The idea that we all had to change our characters in order to make them better are not developed at all.  I have no idea what this guy's real problem was. But it was just very disappointing.  If you want to avoid watching this movie, just make a bad comment about it.  It is a real disappointment to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have no taste at all, you won't like this one.  There are some interesting films in this, such as "Cranes, Monkeys and Penguins" and "The Sea Creatures" and the "Blackfish". You can expect more from "The Secret Life of Pets" and other "B" movies.  What a waste.   The acting, script, special effects and story all combine to make the film seem so artificial and contrived that I expected a story like "Borgen", but the only special effects in the film are those you would expect from a video game or animation. You can guess I'm not too picky with this as I thought that would be the end of the film, but when you're sitting through "The Giant Giant" and even "The Monster From Space", you get what you're paying for, but it's not an Oscar-worthy effort. The movie also contains a lot of time that will be dedicated to bad film-making and poor writing, which is not a surprise. The characters are not bad at all. The story is weak or artificial.  The only thing "B-movie-like" is "The Sound of Music". It's not even "B", but rather "P" with an added extra twist of "B". The acting is wooden or the whole thing is just contrived and unbelievable and predictable. It's a shame, but at the end I can't say I really liked "P".  If there were ever any pretension to the film and story lines didn't stretch as far as the film "The Cat In the Hat" and some "C" movie-makers decided to "bake in" some bread with their actors' backs.  It's still worth seeing just because it's so much better than a video rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about this film was the fact that it has absolutely nothing to do at all. It has everything to do. All in all I didn't like this movie.  The title really annoyed me. But it was like 2 out of 10 when the name was spelled "Trey Parker and Matt Stone", 2 out the **** when spelled "Parker and Stone" and 4 out the 10 when spelled "...Stone". I mean, the only reason I gave it 2 instead of 1 was because I thought it was a really bad idea and I don't know why it is spelled like that.  I was so disappointed because it was the worst. It had absolutely nothing in common with the original "Spy Games" except that they were both bad movies about spies. I was disappointed because I don`t know why. I just found it boring.  There is only one good thing in this movie, but it was pretty disappointing to see it.  If you are a fan of this movie you have to be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is thin when it comes to bad and this movie is a mess.  The bad one is the "T" in the title and the movie has a very bad script, though I can't say I've seen the movie at that level.  But overall, the movie just doesn't come close to the level of "Scream" and "Screwed". The whole concept of a horror movie where a woman has been decapitated, a killer comes to life and kills women, but this film isn't made for anyone, but it's made for someone. The acting is bad in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only plot concerns a father-daughter pair, and I would guess that the actors did a lot of research. The story is very strange: the main characters are drawn in the style of a Japanese man. The main character speaks in katakushii when talking with a young Japanese man, but when speaking with a non-Japanese, it is very difficult to imagine his age, and when he is talking to a young woman he is actually saying, "You're so young." The film is also very dull. If you go out for a couple hours on a Saturday afternoon and want to enjoy a couple of hours of silence, go into a small coffee shop near a big street and then take a little walk to the back.  The film does not work. I think most people just like this because it's the first film about the father and daughter duo, but if you want to avoid it, just do the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A movie with a weak link to a horror genre that's all the way across most of the three films (except for one) is a low-budget horror film that's as good as a movie and there are few of decent actors. The problem is that the characters are very weak in terms of character development and a weak horror genre is very much a genre unto itself and I would assume that the writing is not a strength in a horror movie.   The problem for me is that I watched this with a friend whose tastes ran more to action-horror rather than horror. The plot and the characters were completely inconsistent and the direction for horror-movie making and the way that it was made (at least in terms on how it was shot) were inconsistent. I thought that it had to have been shot by a single director who is not in the right mental state for what he wants. This movie could have been a good idea and there is nothing in the movie that makes me want to think that any filmmaker will ever be able to make an effective horror film. The story is completely nonsensical and there's no real suspense. The movie was made for a couple of hours without any real scares and the acting could have improved. I gave it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of "Predictable." I watched this movie a lot back in 2001 when the movie was made and the movie "Shakedown" came out. However, that movie was released a year later so it's very clear that the actors didn't act like this. The movie was very much like a thriller, so it doesn't fit in to either genre.  So what's the point of this? The movie really sucked.  A movie with only so-so plot could've been an original movie. But the plot isn't the focus of this film, but there is absolutely nothing good in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that everyone has the same idea about a film. They think that they're wasting our time here. But this film seems a waste of time, but that doesn't seem to make me want to waste my time at all. What I really wanted was some action sequences where they fight each other with baseball bats. This was the type of film that I really thought would be great if I was to see it again, but it was still a waste.  What a waste this film is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm looking forward to the future, but I don't expect the sequel to be good, but the first one, with Jason Alexander and Catherine Zeta Jones, was way better than this sequel. They had to do the entire film, but this sequel doesn't even bother. It's so bad that it could have been a sequel to a B movie. What a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a lot of bad writing and poor directing from this film: "So I guess this could be the worst film ever". The plot was boring: the teacher (who was a teacher at a high school) was trying to "get into" a high-school drama class. The teacher's assistant (who had never been in a high/junior high school drama class), was doing his best to "break him down" in front of his classmates. I've never seen a high high school production before, but the script was not terrible or confusing and the characters were not unrealistic. But the acting, the costumes and the direction were poor, uninteresting and poor. The director's poor attempt at acting was the only thing I can say I have seen. The only thing he's done poorly was a script which "looked like something from a children's picture". The story was bad. I just can't say I like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting a remake of the film, see this:  The script is not very well written and they don't get it. There's nothing original either. But the script is boring or predictable, but it it doesn't deliver anything. But it doesn`t, but the whole idea and execution plot, including the killing of the priest that was holding the girl he loved, were not very original either!  The actors were bad, but nothing made sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then the bad thing happens. The bad thing is that the story ends. The real point is that it's a waste of time and money. The actors are the only ones to get a good laugh. The rest of the movie is boring and is not the worst thing in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The way I understood this is by comparing it to a movie made before this. But after watching this movie, I don't think I understand what I am seeing.  The plot is, by my count, the only movie that made sense. I don'm not sure how I could have written it.  I am glad that this movie was not directed by Christopher Walken. It is not in the least interesting in it's shortcomings as a director.  What makes the movie a particularly bad movie is the time it spends on things that are completely irrelevant to the plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film was extremely unwatchable, but sadly the movie ended up being a huge flop instead of a cult horror classic like Scream. A lot of people were left in the dark. But, the film ends with a rather slow-moving climax where you start thinking about how much worse was going to come. It's not really that slow.  There was some of the same things that have made this movie a cult classic, such as "Criminally Insane". In other words, it was a boring, boring film with a lot of jokes, especially from the writer (who is of the "BAD Movie" school and has written such films as The Incredible Shrinking Man and The Legend of Chupu). Some people complained that the actors did an OK job while "making" a film. It does not have anything original, but there are so many of them that there was no real suspense or a sense of tension. It is also just not very well scripted and acted. And, unfortunately, this was one of the worst movies ever made. "Bid Time Return to Hell" and let the Devil take a break.  "The Legend of Satan" (2007), this film really is about a Satanist who's going to hell. He is one of those people who's being hunted by demons who just randomly decide to stop at an "invisible" hell (like the one described in the beginning). I mean, who'd believe that the Devil himself was going there to torment people forever? That's just a thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't believe people with limited financial means have a right to spend their money without getting it back. There is a certain amount of effort we can put in to our effort, but the end result is that we end up working in our lives to our financial detriment. We learn from this and that's the point.   The script, the direction, the actors are what really make this movie watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago the author of this movie has finally found a way out of obscurity.    What a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a major theme in the movie. The characters all get involved in various ways. This is what makes the movie bad movie so unbelievably dull. But the movie isn't a complete waste. But then it comes time for the film to end. But what happens when we stop watching? What happens when the characters realize that what they saw was actually a dream? But then we get to that point where we know what is going to happen. But it isn't realistic in that we can make up our own dream world with our imagination. We are actually forced to act.  But this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but there are plenty of bad scenes as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have a few spare minutes to spare. Go rent this and laugh about it's a comedy comedy disaster. But I don't want to waste my money on this film at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember reading the book "The Secret", which I can only assume was written by a person living in a post-apocalyptic desert, and it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  It It, for what ever it's worth.    It wasn't for me, but the dialogue, story, and effects were weak and the plot wasn't bad.  I found this movie to be absolutely idiotic, which is a real feat given that I just watched it in the dark in the middle of the night on my phone and then the whole movie has to have been made in 2 seconds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie suffers from what the director and co-star of "Last Picture Show", "Show Time", "Hot Shots" (2002) had in common: a slow pacing, lots of plot, bad special effects, bad script, and terrible sound.  The film is about a young man whose life and love are both over. He becomes the girlfriend of a young artist named "Mitzi", who is her idol and is his co-lead actor. He is a young, hot actor with bad skin, terrible acting and a flat mouth. He looks like he just went out of love for his best girlfriend and not for the woman he has been in love with in his life. His father, played by Toni Collette, is not bad at all. His girlfriend, played as "Mary", looks like she is in love, but it is so over-hyped, I can't even say it. It has no redeeming value because she is a "hot" artist, and the whole concept is so forced and predictable. Unfortunately, "Show-Time" has some redeeming qualities, but that is mainly because she has to try and save the artist from himself. It is all about clichés and boring characters. The only person I think should have been given a free pass, but the movie is a total bore, but if you are tired of boring characters, go ahead and see it. I have only seen "Show" so far, but not enough to hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script and directing were so terrible. The story was so poorly written or badly acted, and the script was so unfunny that it had to be corrected. The acting was so amateur. The characters were so undeveloped, the characters so wooden and the dialogue so wooden.  This is the first time I ever heard people talk in a more natural sounding voice, but it was mainly a waste of time. The production values are bad. The animation is poor. I wish I had rented this on VHS, but the DVD had come out just in time to capture the worst scenes in a long movie. It's a bore watching the cast, and I was pleasantly surprised at the actors, and they were very underused.  There is a very amateurish style to the film. The sets were also badly put together. This is, however, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The only thing I could not have forgiven was the acting, the writing, the animation, or the casting. I cannot understand how these people thought this was a waste. The sound is also atrocious. There are no characters that I have even remotely liked.  The film is so bad that I was looking forward to buying the original because I could understand the dialogue, but was still disappointed because this had such a poor script that I cannot believe what they had to say. They are mostly wooden and unfunny.  It's just as bad film that I wish the plot had improved. However, it's not like the story was bad. There is also a plot so poorly thought out that you could not come up with a sentence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only on this site and I guess it's only the most retarded version.  I'd like to see the rest of the movie. I know this is not the worst movie in the world, but it not worth seeing.  This movie is not worth watching if you're an idiot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if I had known of this movie I never would have had any idea what to do.  And then there are the other problems, and I will tell you what I think was a problem with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this movie, do yourself a favor and pick it up. I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with the knowledge of what I was expecting from this movie: it was very obvious, but they were also very predictable. But the bad film (which is awful in itself) suffers from the same problem as all these films have: they were all predictable. There is little to recommend this one (except to see the original). The problem lies with the premise of the movie (which we never got to experience until the end, but which was poorly developed and poorly acted as was the case with this movie).   It's like the guy at the beginning of the story in the story, but with less actors, more time to build up, less time to slow the pace and concentrate on character development, less script, less characters, less of the standard "twist" that people expect. In other words the problem is that this movie is trying to be a drama, but it's a failure in the end that the viewer of the film becomes disappointed and loses interest in the character they're supposed to care about. It's not trying to fail at drama. The problem is trying, but what are we supposed to do with that?  The problem, as I mentioned previously, is that people are willing to spend time and money on this because it's not good. People don't know what the movie is. The result is that it gets a bad review from a bad guy with money. If you're going to spend money on a bad film, buy a lot of popcorn and don't bother buying anything else.  However, when you read the other comment I had written earlier (the one on the movie site, I mean), it's clear that the guy didn't actually care about this movie, but he was disappointed that the movie did.  I mean, this movie wasn't supposed to be any good, and we're expected to care whether it's good. The idea was that you care more than you care about what is good, but I have no idea why that should be. If this was a true drama, then you might have thought that the man in the suit actually cared about anything, but since people didn't care at all and there was no real plot, consistent character development with the main character, the main point of the plot, the point of which the guy in the hat really did in the movie, and the pointlessness of the characters is something that really matters in the world of cinema. The character development was supposed to help build up sympathy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a first-time film viewer (which I thought I knew a lot) i think that people working in the real world should learn from these first-timers, but for every viewer there's going to be only one. So it's a little confusing at times.  I can tell you that it's hard to find a copy of the first-timer film.  The writing was bad, the music was OK, and they are both bad, but it doesn't help when you can't even get a single person in a movie. It's really hard to get a decent script in a low budget movie, but there's nothing to be said about it.  i'd rate this movie only 1/10.   This movie is so predictable that it is very easy to overlook its flaws. It can't be that you have to know the actors and plot.  And if you think you can see any flaw in the movie and learn some useful lesson from it then I highly recommend you spend two hours and go see the first timers film for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film follows a trio of three high school students who commit murder, with one student murdered and another, as the investigation grows and leads to an unusual and gruesome discovery in the attic of a decomposing house.  The cast, which includes a pre-teenage girl, the sister of the teacher and the sister-in-law of the girl who committed the murder, are entirely unremarkable. The two main characters are of Asian descent and they have little dialogue with no accents. The acting is as amateurish as the cinematography is amateurish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one is the worst film I've ever watched. It's the WORST I've EVER SEEN.  This film is, at best, a case study in how the people of the future can be as obnoxious as the people we have now.  You see this on a late evening, when all things look the same, but the people look a bit dull and a bit less boring then we've ever seen before. The dialogue in this film has the same problem the rest of the films had. We see the future people speaking, and only the people speaking a foreign language speaking in the future would have a problem, but then again, it's just the people talking and acting in future languages. It is the only way to be a bit boring, but that is all it is.  The people of tomorrow don't have anything to worry about as the new generations that we are now are a bit dimmer than the people in today, but still, the movie does have problems. If you think that is a bad thing.   Avoid this film, avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know who the hell this is from. A couple of years back the acting and story were both in great demand. However, the production values of the movie are lower. You just don't get to enjoy watching this for that long. It's not really good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is also the movie where we see a small dinosaur attack a school girl and we get to see the guy get shot in the face. But that is not the worst part of the movie. I saw this film with the same low expectations I had with "The Blair Witch Project" and "Criminally Insane". It was my second time I have seen this movie, but I still do not agree with what I am seeing. The movie seemed like a parody of itself, but the film itself was quite ordinary and I had no idea what the filmmakers were trying to do. I also didn't realize the first 10 minutes of the film is just not in the least bit funny, but not in a way which would make it watchable.  The thing I hated most was the whole idea of "ghosts", but only the idea of ghostly goings on. But this movie is just plain bad. I think the filmmakers could have easily spent 1/10 on this and just made a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a long break in the mid to late 1980's, this film will look better than it has in any other film I have ever seen in my life. The acting of Leslie Hope, Michael J Fox, and the directing of Paul Morris is atrocious and very funny. I was skeptical of this film because it had nothing more to say. There's a lot of humor in this one. The plot is weak and the characters are weak because of the situations in their lives. They are either very ordinary people who are desperate for love or, at best, not very much at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's also a movie starring the director, and it is called "Shakespeare in Love" so you can enjoy watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible.  But, when you take in mind the fact that this movie was only a copy of a "Sudden Impact" movie and there was no such thing as "Sunken Road" movie, then you realize that "Impact" was a remake of "Sully" which had come out almost a decade before.  So the "Impacted" trailer looks like a "The Rookie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What exactly was in this film? Was the acting terrible effects as bad as it is in the first two books of the series? I cannot say I've read every single book in the series, even though they are all available on the library website. In fact I just cannot understand the text any more than I've tried to read every book to the end, because my attention span would have been exhausted. But there were some parts of this series that were not at all that bad. But even in a series like the Chronicles of Narnia this series was a lot more of an adventure than I expected. The story of Nanna and Ethelyn was much more engaging than the rest of the books.  But what I thought was the only reason I would watch this film was because it was so boring? But it was only half as boring as the story of an eleven year old, but it was half as dull as a film. But this film should have been titled, "Nanna and The Lion King".  If only we could stop making stupid mistakes because we were going to be disappointed because a child's first movie is more interesting than anything else in the books 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just not all that you can expect from this movie. It's also not an overly-hyped, badly acted, low budget movie and has been on TV in the last 10 years (despite being filmed in 1992 and 1994) but it's a low budget film for you to think twice.  A couple of things, in particular I don't like:  The movie is in black and white! However, I also hate "The Way" movie and a couple of the things that I don 't like: Don 't get me started again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so very poor and the ending of the movie is very poor.  The script is also quite lame, but when you look at the characters, you will understand why. I didn't enjoy the movie much either. The ending and characters are the only things I am not willing to admit are bad. I mean, it's a movie. You know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is quite simple and, for some reason, boring. It's pretty silly. But the main character(the most annoying one) can be pretty annoying if they want. If you are expecting a good plot like The Hitchhiker or something.  I didn't like watching a lot of this. I'm a guy who gets so bored with a good and thought provoking script, that I get bored of it and then begin to like it.   So let me just say one word: This is a really boring film, and I couldn't care less if I was in a car in a garage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The acting is terrible, for some reason, terrible, but in general, the characters are flat. However, I have to say that this film is a very terrible disappointment because it one of those movies that is the worst movie I have seen in a very long time. However in my opinion, the actors and the movie are bad and the script is a disaster because there is nothing more than a few lines and a handful of characters.  It has been over 2 years since I saw it. The movie is a real disappointment.  The plot is a bad sign in the wind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie contains no redeeming features, it's simply just an ordinary, boring and boring movie about a bored doctor who just goes on about getting fired and finds out what he's working on is an old computer virus that causes a virus to be implanted in the brain of the patient.  The other person in the room is a hacker who is on the verge of being fired. The hacker looks like a little kid, the hacker is a little girl, the other guy is a robot with an artificial intelligence who has a human brain on his head. This is all in the family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible. The characters are... not all of them are like "Hiroshima", but they are all the worst of them.  The music is too loud to hear (even though it) and the film is too silent.  For anyone who can bear to listen to music, that's the end of the movie, but this is really about how the film industry works (I mean, it is not) and about people who like it, and how the music industry works, and about the mistakes of people who go in it and how they learn from it.  I give this a 3 out of 10 and I will never do that again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the meantime, the film fails to provide a complete picture of the movie. I know that the premise is the problem, but that was a joke. It was. The film was simply an exercise in bad acting. But I thought it would have been worse than the other movies. But the actors were uninspired. The soundtrack was uninspired, and I was looking forward to a sequel that would have made me laugh.  The plot is thin, the script is thin and the script fails to do anything funny. If you can, rent this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of this film, it's like watching a train wreck. If you dislike this film then you can get your money back by renting it. But if you want to see it, you can pay $3 to see that train wreck of a movie. So if you don't see it in your life, then it was a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot fathom how one movie could be so badly made. I cannot believe it was as badly made movies. It was As Bad as the Devil.  But it was so bad it had to wear out his pants to put the hole back in.  A total disappointment to everyone who has seen the movie or seen it, it is. The movie just sucks. I mean just look at it, and you will be disappointed in every aspect of your life.   But I give this one a rating of 0 out of **** because I cannot understand why anyone would waste their time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is: we do not have a clue. What if the actors and actresses are all so unknown. They are not all so bad and not too bad. And I am still not sure what is going to happen and why.  The production values are not going down. I am willing to take more risks and invest more money. But the actors are all terrible and the actresses are none so bad. I was very disappointed that I would have to wait for this to come out on DVD.  This is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have probably seen this film before. If you don't remember, the plot of the film is absolutely terrible. It's so much better than this.  You don't get that this film is about a man named "Pete" who wants to be a writer and make a lot of money. It makes the guy look like a real writer. But he's a writer who has written for many years. But it makes no sense. But I can't think of a single movie that doesn't make sense.  The script is terrible. But the characters don't act like they act in the script. I mean, I can. This film had only one person acting. I don't know if it was his real name or not.   If you have ever written a bad book, you know this was a bad film. It was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the plot is the fact that the killer was an artist, as we would expect it to be. But I was thinking this is going to be as predictable as "Cecil B. Snowball" and it's just "Cicero" (who is a master of both), but not "Buchwald" (not yet!). If you want a good movie, go see "Cocktail" if you get to enjoy it, and then watch "The Thin Man" and "The Man from Hell", and then try not to laugh so hard! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It would be a great surprise, but the movie is so over. The story is boring.  I thought I'd seen everything, but this movie could have been a bit more. This is a great example of how much better you are than you are supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As i sat back and watched the previews of this film i found the acting a bit boring, but the cinematography was really boring... but i really don't think it was. This film had some of the worst bad acting ever, but it just took itself way too seriously. the plot was flat. the acting was bad, but if there were two people in your life you really need to give them some advice.... don't waste your time waiting in a line for them to say the right thing. the script is pretty bad and the movie gets the bad name "Halloween" it only gets the name "Cult". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Mork & Mindy"  If you think about this movie it is only to be on the list of movies of the worst movies I've ever seen, which is the equivalent to the worst movie I've EVER SEEN!  "Clerks"  I've seen a bunch of movies that was so unbelievably awful and it.I have not heard of this movie.I can honestly say I never have.I've also seen other movies I know nothing about, but I've never seen "Morg" BEFORE I've watched "Crap". I've also never seen movies that were not as awful as it's "Creep Show".  I don't know where they got the idea from,but this is a complete waste of the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is really the only film of its kind I have seen and it really gets one thing wrong. I don't believe the filmmakers could have made this in the same way as the first two or the third.  This film really is the biggest disappointment of its time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is a total bore-fest. It has some of the worst of the movie's worst qualities (in terms of acting, acting, script) which would not qualify as a bore-movie; it is an ill-conceived movie. But as long as I can think of it; it's still got my vote. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was good when watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the story is one of the most important aspects of this movie: it's the weakest and most neglected aspect of a bad film in his career. It's just a waste of time. The only thing that really surprised me was the opening sequence, a sequence that never happened again in the movie.  I have nothing against the storyline or the characters. The main problem that I had was the fact that it took four years to film. It had to make us believe we're watching the worst movie ever. But the other main problem was the sound of the movie (i mean, it's awful), which has a lot more to do with this film than the story.   I think the worst thing about the movie was the lack of budget (since it's only a B film, it can't be as good as a B-movie). There's a lot of holes in this film; it's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, when it comes to horror films it is, by far, the biggest of horror films. But, to me, that's all the horror film I've ever seen. But in my humble opinion it was worse than most other reviewers had described. I'm not one of them. And that, I admit, is an interesting film I can look forward to see for the next five years. The fact that the story is terrible in every way, and that the acting is wooden, the script is terrible and the acting stilted and the plot is very bad, I'm looking forward to seeing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise for this film was so incredibly dull and repetitive and boring that it was like a sitcom. I don't think I can blame the filmmakers for attempting to take this very seriously and put it in the top 100 list of movies I've ever seen. The characters were terrible because they had a story. The problem was that none of them had any good story and I can honestly say I haven't seen it to the end. I have seen the film several times and I just couldn't take it seriously anymore. It just was just a big bore!  The script was poor and dull. They were poorly written and in the end it made me want to slap the writer and say'stop it' and 'no one in my house will ever believe that I'm a real writer in the first place...I can't believe they made this movie even though they weren't even close to the script like I said they were. The acting was boring. I mean come on...they should have put in some effort to make some decent looking characters. But the whole movie was really awful. What a waste of time this movie was.  I can't wait until they get the chance to release this garbage, but it will not be in the same category as the garbage is. It will be in some different category. But when they release it I will stop watching it, so there's that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is atrocious and so is the acting, and the special effects are so obviously awful. The two guys who are the leads have no idea what the hell is going on with these guys, but the actors have no clue either. I've been waiting for the movie to be over, but it's only going to get worse. The other guy who plays the guy with the gun (I like him) is so bad and has no idea about the gun and is so obviously and uninteresting he is going to leave this movie.  The bad guy who gets into the pool and is trying to get his girlfriend to jump in. It is so incredibly bad, but is it really?   The writing was awful and this movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film is a big embarrassment. I have watched this since college and after seeing this I am not sure of myself, but if you want to see a film that is not a horror film, but one that is only a horror movie, that is really the sort of film that I have not seen since middle school.  It's not a movie for teens, but for people who are not in their own school system and have never had the chance to experience the worst of the worst.  The premise is really weak in this film because the film had to have its message to be communicated to kids who are still young.  All in all the story is confusing. The cast is awful, but the film itself is uninteresting. I guess it's a waste of time to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film itself is as illogical and as incomprehensible as the Bible. Yet this illogical tripe is the source of so many problems that it defies logic.  The script is not that illogical in any way. This script has become incoherent or uninteresting because of the characters' names, and this tripe becomes a sort of cult.   "The movie is not a "bad movie" (though this film has one of the most obvious things it has). This cult is the only thing that makes me even remotely unhappy. I can see why people would want this movie to be a cult, but that doesn't seem to make it worth the effort of a cult. A cult. So go ahead and join. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie! It's like watching a porno, but this movie has none of that. It's just all plain old boring, boring. It just has boring. I mean, is it not boring. This is boring. And there is a bit of sex scenes that are, but most of the movie is boring as hell. The cinematography is bad. There is some gore, but mostly, I'm going to give it a one point because the script is bad, but the movie overall is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that "B" films has a special appeal, and that the film is a great movie. It is. The only real point here is to try to get a copy of "B". That is, the quality of the film was OK. The film was available on the original B DVD and the original VHS of "Hollow Point". The DVD menu at the beginning of the movie shows that "Hollywood" has rated the film 1, 2, and 3. It has a nice little twist, but you know, it's not the kind that makes you laugh and you think that the comedy is funny. However, the DVD menu doesn't list any of the jokes, it lists "The Plot" and "The Dialogue". But all in all, this is not a comedy, it is a terrible movie.  I guess it doesn't deserve a rating of 1, although I doubt that this could have been made at the time of the original "B", but if you don't believe me, watch it anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I thought that's all it took to be a real-life movie".  "But, when I watch it's very obvious that this is about a story that makes us see that we are not.   "The only one I really like is this one-hour movie, but it was so long that I got tired of it, but I don't like the same thing. The idea that you can see and understand everything in one hour seems very far-fetched and unrealistic.  The acting is poor. You can see what's going on very clearly. But you can also understand why people didn't react to the movie the way that they did to a TV series. And the acting is uninteresting and uninspired. You get the point.  "It's not a horror movie, it's just not one of the worst films I've ever seen". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I have watched this movie over and over again, but for some reason I was disappointed that it was so terrible. However, the script was horrible and I'm not sure if it was in poor taste or was directed poorly. In fact, the movie was in the middle of the worst.  The movie was bad, although the movie were OK and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who is looking for a real mess.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of guys get attacked by a giant monster that grows stronger as a result of eating a young girl.  The monster kills a group of people who try to escape. The story is weak and the monsters grow stronger.  A lot of the guys end up getting killed. There is no point in doing so. But we need it for the plot and the characters. The characters were all bad, especially the two lead actors and the old guy that played the monster. The old guy ended up getting eaten by a monster.  I was surprised to see some parts of this movie that I had never seen before. However, the monster's size and appearance are typical, but there were some characters that I thought were bad, like the old man and the group of friends. The only bad thing I had to say was the fact that it made no sense at all. The rest was pretty boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was so incredibly boring and boring. The premise of the film is so incredibly weak, but the characters are so unlikable.  The story of this film is the weakest and more boring. Itself it's a bit boring, but its the characters so unlikeable, especially the one guy who looks like he just came from "Dog Days" who's way of talking is boring, and I'm surprised that the film doesn't use his way of speaking, but he doesn't do this without some substance. It's like watching a guy who is learning a language, but one who doesn't speak the language is stupid and annoying, but they really aren't.  A great film, I can't believe they will waste a minute or two of our lives to make this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is laughable, and the script is awful. But the script, however, are terrible - and the acting is awful, but the dialogue is lousy. But this piece is too hackney, and if it is, then you might be a fan of the film.  I give it a 1 because it's a mess.  But this film, unfortunately, was a joke film - but I gave it a 2 because, while a joke was a comedy film, a joke can of tuna may be a parody of itself - and I gave this movie a 1, because it is not a comedy comedy film. But it was a "Hollywood" film for those who think movies are made in order to entertain people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what really happened to all these people? What is their plan? Why are they doing this? I did not like this at all. This movie just seems so bad, but it was an incredibly tedious movie. I really hate when I hear people talking about the movie because of "plot". So I hate "plot" and this movie would have been a good example of why the plot can make you hate someone and what happens when the plot dies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, for those who care about these matters, I must say that this is NOT a movie that would make the director and actors alike think they have to make a movie from scratch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible and the music was worse. But I can't give this movie the 1st review i want.   This movie was terrible. I guess that just means a person in this movie was an idiot. Not Deserve. Deserve is, of course, what this movie does.  This isn't just a waste of time with terrible, dull and boring music, but it's just the worst of the waste. But this movie is terrible. But that's not the point. It's just so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the movie I saw when I was 10 years old. I was shocked when I first saw it. I remember thinking "that was only for children".  The director wanted to show how it's a terrible movie. It's a very bad movie for making movies. A young couple get engaged at the age of 21. The woman gets engaged after their engagement is over and the woman is engaged a few years later. Then it becomes a catastrophe. I think that was an understatement. It was probably the worst case of a disaster movie ever created in the last decade.  I remember reading this review when I saw it in a local theatre. I thought I had just been made for a very long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I first saw this film, I was very surprised that it failed. It Is The Movie You're After  This film suffers from one major problem: the first scene is absolutely awful, without a doubt, the worst of the worst and last scene is the worst. This scene is awful and I cannot begin to express my utter disappointment that I'm about to have a chance of enjoying this film. I do understand that this film has some faults. My understanding of this scene is so disappointing and I am completely stunned that I nearly choked on my own vomit.  I am so disappointed with this film that I cannot believe it. I cannot understand why this movie was ever made.  The plot is completely unbelievable.  It is a shame that the writer/director made a movie and managed to bring us to tears. We are never allowed to experience this pain without a mental break.  My final grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is that movie about? If your name isn't 'B' then you are gonna be the only one with a problem. But if your name is 'C' then it's your problem, but your problems are the only ones worth a second look.   It's a shame that this movie is about such things. This movie is one of those movies that just doesn't get made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "G" (Grace Hart) decides to go to Italy to be a teacher at the "La Fete des Graces".  The movie contains many shots of the car scene with a motorcycle and the swimming scene at the beach.  This movie is about a woman who falls in love with a French man who wants to marry her and has not had an affair yet. Grace Hart is really pretty good looking as the teacher and the husband is actually quite pathetic in the beginning.  I give the movie 2 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't stand the whole movie, but I was afraid the whole thing was one big mess, and it.  One problem I found with this movie was that the characters were so uninspired and their personalities so completely uninteresting. It's all downhill from there. I didn't like the idea of it. This movie doesn't try to be as unfunny as the rest of the films in the series. The animation is not up to par with the animation in the first movie. I have seen several movies in the original series and have since forgotten some of the jokes I had learned about them from the first one and the fact that they were all unfunny. I think the movie makers should just stop making films like this, but this is a total joke.  The characters are so unlikable that it's almost like they are wearing clothes they've got to be on for a reason. The movie makers must be in the wrong. I'm not talking about characters who look like they've been given a big sack of sugar. The entire film was about a bunch of homeless people who live on a pile of ice and are stuck in a frozen pool with no food. The actors are so unfunny that it is a joke. The main characters were at least good.  I don't know if any of the characters in this movie are in the right place.   The ending is so bad if they weren't so unliked. It really is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In general, most horror movies have a lot of bad special effects - but they're just as good as "special effects", but are not as bad. You could spend all day laughing and making funny. "Special effects" are what makes a movie. "Scary" is funny. This is a total bore. The acting is pretty good, and the movie is a bit overrated.  The worst thing about this movie is that, despite the lack of plot, it has little gore. I can't say that this movie could have held a lot longer. But it's a pretty bad movie, especially for its script. The casting is also terrible, but not so much of a joke as "Scarecrow" in "The Crow".  This movie is pretty horrible (in a jokey kind of way) but with bad acting - but not one of those "Scariest Horror" movies that you'd expect. The movie lacks any plot, except one, which I will explain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are more films than there are actors. I saw this a couple of years ago on late night TV, and I was surprised to find a film about a murder which went wrong. The film was shot in a small town which has several "shack"-style murder cases, but the "shacks" don't get to see their victims killed. The "shackers" know that they have to call the sheriff and make the sheriff come and take them away for questioning. If they have the case out for an attorney, and they know who to call, then they can call the murderer to come take them and give them back to the sheriff. They are "shacked-up".  But the murder victims have seen them and are terrified of them and want to stay with them. But after they've seen the film, they want to get away from it because they are afraid it will "get better". I gave this a 2.    And I really don't know what they are thinking when they decide to stay, but it's obvious that it's all about a couple getting attacked by a killer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is not funny. But then it's not in the least bit interesting. But in this case you're going to have much fun. And the movie itself gets a decent plot - but if you want to see a movie that has no purpose, I would recommend skipping this one over the others. And if you are looking for something that is so very hard to understand in some ways, the dialogs of the first 3 movies are boring.  The dialogue is atrocious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the kind of movie that people who've never seen this film are probably the biggest fans of it. It It It - that is, this is the movie where the worst is worst movie ever. It is so terrible, it made me vomit. This movie was terrible.  As the movie went on and on, I felt like I was watching the worst version of a film, but when I got to the end, I was so angry that I nearly threw up.   If you get the chance, see this movie. Avoid the "I was there to help" - the end was not that long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie: The producers are clearly trying to put some kind of entertainment value on this "movie", but the movie suffers from the same "predictable plot", that has been done repeatedly.   You know exactly when the movie starts; you know exactly what is going to happen. You can predict the ending, the casting, the songs (the songs are good, but the casting and the lyrics are terrible!), and the plot and the actors (no, the story is badly written, the actors are "cheesy").  Unfortunately, there is only one way out of this trap.  The director is trying to appeal to the lowest common denominator of the audience, but to do so he has to be honest with them. The result is to be very predictable, and the movie seems so bad and predictable.  This movie just doesn't fit the bill. It's like the plotwriter is trying hard to convince us he can write a "poorly written movie". The whole thing is a disaster, but it is very unlikely that this movie will be the worst of all disasters, since most "poor movies" end with a bang. It has the worst disaster ever cast.  There are some moments when you just want to say "I've seen a lot of bad movies, but I've never seen anything like this". But then there are just some holes in the story (as usual in "bad movies"). I just hate the poor movie.  If you don't get it, you have to be ready for the worst. Unfortunately, the plot is not the problem. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie because I wanted to see a movie that was really funny. The comedy is just not that funny.  I felt like I was in kindergarten in the first grade.  As a parent who cares about your kid's education, don't waste your money on these movies.    I just saw this movie.  The plot was boring, but I thought that it was way overdone. I was annoyed at seeing this movie just to see how it affected other movies out there. The kids were the worst. The movie was boring and the kids weren't, well, kids.  In my opinion the acting wasn't all that terrible and the movie was actually very boring or that it wasn't good.  So don't expect your kids to know how to make funny. But if your kids don't know how, don;t waste your time making them laugh, and if you do waste your $3 on a crappy movie. That would be the only reason to rent this movie, but only if your kid is 10 or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is just plain sad. It is a bad-movie. I don't know. I'm sorry. I can't believe this movie is made by anyone who has to think about what's the point of it. There are a lot of characters that are just stupid idiots. Stupid is the word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so unbelievably terrible. However, if you are looking for a movie that has horrible murders and cannibalism, you can't be disappointed.  The ending is a complete bore and is the reason why this movie failed to find a distributor in Germany.  I just hope they finally decide to release this movie without the actors playing Hitler, Schmid, Goebbels and Hagen, but don't expect them to play Hitler. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a terrible sequel to the original.  The first sequel was a remake of the original and this movie has a lot of the worst mistakes from the first sequel, which explains a lot.  I gave this movie a 3 instead of a 1.  But this movie could have been even worse, but that is not an excuse to trash this movie with a bunch of bad actors. In fact, I feel the only reason I gave it a 1 for this movie was because the production values were low and the acting were poor. But the movie doesn't seem to work very well. I gave the film a 1 because it failed horribly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of people have been making a movie about a couple of men having sex with a woman who has had sex with her boyfriend and the boyfriend has to sleep with her before they all sleep together, but the girlfriend sleeps with her partner before sleeping with him! She sleeps with a man she hasn't had sex for and has sex with him again and again. Her boyfriend sleeps with another man while his partner sleeps with his partner and the man sleeps with the man he has just slept with, but he only sleeps with one partner at a time but sleeps with many men at a given time.  The main reason that this movie fails is that the woman sleeps with more than one man at the same time and then sleeps with only one man every 3 nights.  It's the main reason the movie fails and the main thing that people notice when they watch it and get angry because the movie is made in a small way, but it's a pretty crappy movie.  What about the movie: A total of 4 people have sex with the woman, but everyone except one woman and one guy have sex together! The guy's partner is in the same bed with the guy. However, the man has a problem and is ready to sleep, but sleeps together with the women, but that is not what the problem is and his partner only sleeps alone. So the guy does not have sex, but they do not even have sex.  There is one girl and one boy and the two guys have sex but then they have sex and there is sex between only one guy and one girl at the time, but there is more sex than one guy at a party, but more sex doesn't mean sex is OK. Then there are people who have sex in the woods and then everyone sleeps! The problem seems to be about men who have been having sex while everyone else is sleeping because it's the man's job and then only the man who sleeps alone has sex, and that is OK, but then there are only two guys at a night and only one girl in the night and one woman in the day!  The film has sex scenes that are so amateur that they make the girl look like a hooker and then the girl wakes up and finds out the guy has sex on his penis with her mouth and there's no sex scene with the guys having sex in between. So it's obvious that the film is trying to make a statement, but what is also obvious is the nudity and sex. But in conclusion,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is an absolute mess of a piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a shame, why don't they call it, in my opinion, a "so-called" remake of "Girlfight".  I've seen several episodes of "Flipper". The plot of "The Fire" is interesting to me. The idea that there are "fireworks" in the woods that can be used to burn things (i think they use them for a lot) is also an interesting idea, but it is at its weakest when it comes to the "unexplained" elements of the show, and I'm still waiting to see the episode where the fire starts, and the scenes where the kids go into the woods with their friends. I've also been interested in "Fireworks". But, this is the biggest disappointment of the series.  I highly recommend it for anyone interested in learning more about the history of the firework show. It has nothing on the scale of "Stargate". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe it when the whole movie is made in a foreign language, but then the subtitles disappear without a title. And I can believe that at times, you will enjoy a movie without subtitles. The title (English title) is written, in German, in the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, in the end, the filmmakers tried and proved it was a bad film: A woman is raped and becomes pregnant with the child of a serial rapist who is sent to a maternity home. This film really showed a couple of people trying to stop the rapist and a couple who had had sexual relations with each other in the past.  But the film really wasn't meant to show rape. This was a disgusting and revolting piece of filth.  The film was, as usual, completely stupid and unconvincing with no excuse for the script. A man raped a young girl in front of the other girl while the girl herself was raping her. The film got an "A" rating from MPAA (International Film Festivals).   The story was stupid in the most horrible way possible, but the film was badly directed and there was absolutely no plot whatsoever. The movie was so obviously poorly made and there were only two actors worth watching at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says, "Clerks" is not really the best film I've ever seen. It's a pity that these kids are the worst of them and this film is one of many I've seen that were really quite a joke. You're welcome, but I'm afraid that you will miss the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Shall We Dansu?" - one of my all-time favorites! I found this to be a piece of crap. The only problem I had with it is that the acting is worse (like the scriptwriter), but the film itself is weak, but it's just not up to the standard that I am accustomed to. If I could have given a 1/10 and said "Wow! I thought this was one of the better films I've ever seen". I don't think I've seen any of the many reviews of this and the many "shall we dansu!" they have written, but this film has definitely fallen flat for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the worst film I have ever seen, but this movie will disappoint many people who want to waste two hours and a half of their life on a movie. In conclusion, it is probably the movie I have had the displeasure of watching over and over again to get the same result. There's nothing you can't do, but you can expect more from "Last of the Mohicans". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, many movie makers are using these cheap cameras and are therefore able to make films in a much shorter timeframe than those who are using it for long periods of time. For many people who are actually using this film it will be on a very long time before it gets "retarded" and people get "brainwashed".  However, if people really are in the wrong, they will soon find their self out and will realize what has happened.  The film makers are so completely clueless that they don't care. They're just going to spend the next few decades on some kind of mental institution. If people really know the true story, there will be no "retardation". There will be nothing. There will simply be a new normal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My guess is this, but it is so so unbelievably stupid.  It's A Bit Like The Black Cat. But that is because of all the crap they did, but the movie was so very long and had some very bad moments.  This was very long (4-hours long), but the storyline was extremely stupid and they had some of the most annoying plot lines I've ever seen. It's not in the worst movie, but when they made this film, they gave it a really low rating for the most part. They could have cut the worst.  But that really isn't the point. They tried so much to make a low budget horror film for a couple of years, but even though they were able to create a good storyline, they decided that the story line needed to be the main focus. I would like to say that I really only got the first 10 minutes of it. I don't remember where the rest of it went. The story line is weak, but if I remember it to be only in a short time. And it wasn't a typical horror film, but like the previous one they tried to create some scenes that were really hard to sit thru.  The original black cat was a very poor movie, it was boring and very clichéd. It was made because they thought the original black cats were cute and if they were to ever remake it, the actors were changed, but that didn't save a single penny. And the previous was made in the same year that "Night of the Living Dead" came out, but I think that they were made to be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought the movie was a joke (which is only appropriate for a joke), but not a very funny, very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that they should be banned from making other movies.  This story, however, is not told. It is made-in-Canada without explanation.  The worst thing about this is the story told by an idiot. They try to make it as an excuse to ban the whole movie. The main idea of this story is to get some guy out of jail. I have never heard of this movie before its premiere on CBC, they put it on their web site. It was only one of several in the pile of crap that has been put out by the CBC. I mean, it's like putting all the Canadian films into a blender. The only one that I found that is truly Canadian (not made in Canada) is this one. It had very little Canadian. The rest is garbage, but not made in Canadian. In fact, I just found it as a waste of celluloid and it made me sick and I stopped watching it.  And if this is a waste then I must say this is garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What does this movie get when you're not watching it? But if you're a student in a small high school class, you've got nothing special to talk about.  The plot of this movie is pathetic, but the rest of the movie suffers from poor writing, the dialog is dull and the acting is bad. But there's nothing else that needs to be said.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is absolutely atrocious. I found this review the other day when I was in the US for the holidays and this script is exactly what I've come to expect from my favorite movie. It is a bad disaster.  The cast is good and the screenplay is the main reason for the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a joke. It has its funny and predictable parts, and the comedy is so painfully slow to develop, the dialogue is so wooden and stilted, but I cannot fathom the point. As a fan of the film I found the humor so unconvincing it seemed like it would come to a standstill in spite of the script. However, I must not make the same mistake I did watching this with friends and family when we went to the cinema. It just is not funny at all, but the story is boring or the characters so unsympatuous as to have no depth, but not to say the characters are unsymbolical, which is what the film makers should have done when they made the original.  The actors (who were not funny), the story and script, the setting and setting are poor and so were the story writers. The acting is wooden, the acting uninspired and the acting is uninspired, but a comedy this dull in any form of medium is so predictable, the humour not. The actors, the comedy and the dialogue are uninteresting as I had expected, but we are treated to boring dialog and wooden characters (unlike this, the actors are wooden).   The original film and the sequel are just about how a movie is made, but then the characters' personalities are not wooden. The film does not try to be a "film about a movie about a comedy" but it is uninteresting, uninsulting and just a terrible mess. They were boring and the characters were boring, but for the sake of the audience I wanted to see some laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film had only been released in a few European countries. That film was a good film with its unique style and unique locations. It Itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off as if nothing happened but the lead character is forced into a coma, then a group of terrorists who escaped to a hotel where they plan to kidnap a woman named Samantha who was pregnant. Samantha is rescued by the group of kidnappers who have just been released from a prison. At first the terrorists attack a hotel that the terrorists took over during the course of the movie. When they first arrive in the hotel, the terrorists kill a number of people and the hotel explodes as a result of an explosion caused by a car being placed on top of the truck, but the hotel itself is destroyed before it is. The terrorists are given a chance to live, but only a group member escapes, but he is killed after the group members escape the building. The two leads play their parts well. The rest of the actors were good and well cast. It is obvious that the plot is not all that well written.  The plot was weak at all levels, but that was probably not my primary concern, but it was a mistake to include "The hotel" and "The hospital" in the same movie and it is just another sign of how they have done a bunch of movies. It seems like an unnecessary mistake that is not a mistake. I also didn't like "The terrorists" getting a chance or getting paid for their work.  If you are a fan of this movie, watch it because the terrorists had all of the resources to put in any movie and didn't bother to make the movie any less. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is only a disappointment if you are a teenager. The movie's most disappointing aspect is that the movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. That's exactly the kind of thing it was. It is a movie that people actually want to see. A film that people want to sit through and absorb every word they have ever written. They want to waste their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very boring "film," with many other "giant" scenes, and much more "interesting" things than the usual "gigantic" and "gorgi"-trying to do "big" films! But then it gets boring. The only good thing I can say is that the writing is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original title is "The First Blood"  The premise of the movie was terrible, but there were not that many scenes.  But, even then, there was only one scene that was really bad to my eye. This is the reason why "The Blood" was such a big disaster. But, it was just the start of an avalanche of bad movies.  The movie was not terrible and uninteresting, but the plot was bad at all levels.  I've seen many movies with similar premises. I'm going to give this a 2 out of 10, as an insult to everyone else. This movie stinks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is just a preview of a much bigger disaster brewing. The whole idea is ridiculous. The idea of making a sequel to this disaster is laughable. But the sequel itself is ludicrous. The first was a disaster waiting to happen. It is also the most watched disaster of the early 2000's. In the meantime it is only a disaster of bad actors and terrible acting and a film that fails to reach a truly terrible ending. It fails so miserably that people actually give their votes of "1" to "10" or "1 to 100" for this disaster to happen in the next time around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One scene in this movie is just plain bad in the most obvious way I've ever seen. But if you like that scene then you can find it. You can watch it on Hulu which has its own website, but you can also rent this movie for a week which makes you realize why there is no point to watch it.  It has the same name as the movie, but when you buy it in the store you can only choose from a limited selection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what a joke.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of bad movies! I am so disappointed and so is the director of this movie! But I am also a fan of the worst film in history! This film is bad! I just found this film extremely frustrating and painful to watch!   I have seen far too many films of this type. They are the movies I was most dissatisfied with.  I do not know if this is the worst movie of its time. I think the film-makers were trying to put people in boxes and then throwing them in the ground and shooting them with paint-gun bullets. They didn't succeed. They failed miserably. I give this movie a "1". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real shame that there isn't a bunch of bad actors that I have seen and have laughed out loud enough to have them killed off. I have yet to laugh out loud either. I laughed out in frustration like that little boy when he was punched in the face, but instead of a couple of people laughing, I was told to shut the f*ck up, man, this was the movie you wanted to rent, but for those people who actually liked this movie... it was really something. I mean, it's not that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was released in 1996 when it became "Hollywood's worst movie ever", and it got a rating of 0.000.  The acting was atrocious. The actors were terrible - or, if they had the talent, they could have been funny.  One of my favorite characters in the movie is the lead, who's a guy who's only got one girlfriend (the guy who has the girlfriend he saw in the first episode) and his wife, who just gets one for her birthday. They are both annoying - so that's a good movie for fans of the show - but for fans like me, who was just getting up to speed, it was a disappointment to watch. I'm not one of those people who thinks a show should be canceled for good film.  In other words, I am just disappointed by a movie which I expected would be the worst, the one where the actors are bad at comedy or have some substance to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You'll love this one because it's not bad.  This one is a big disappointment because it. But not a big surprise either! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are OK. I couldn't make up my mind if there was a plot line that followed them everywhere, and then everything would fall apart and the world would go to hell. So I saw this movie after a friend introduced me to this film. I was kind of shocked at how much the director had to have done in order to come across as an actor of some note.  The character development is OK, but the movie lacks any kind of cohesive and interesting plot.  This movie had a lot of potential, but I have a feeling that it was a mistake, because there's no point in making a movie about a man who had his own personal problems. It's a pity that this movie didn't overdo things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of this film is completely boring. It is also extremely poorly acted, and the main character is annoying.  A film about a man who can't believe in himself, but can only accept his life, that is absolutely horrible and I cannot think of a single movie about a single character that can have a life.  The movie's premise is ludicrous and unrealistic. This one has absolutely no story or any real emotions, except for the main one. It's a shame to see that and it's annoying that every single movie, however short they may be, must have at least one funny joke and at least two stupid ones.  But, if you read the movie, you will get annoyed by the main guy and then get mad about how stupid he is, but don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been to a movie theater since I was a little kid. I saw "Aliens", "The Fly", "Repo Man" and "The Terminator". But this one is not a good movie - the plot is predictable. But "Alias" is probably the best movie ever made by this guy.  The worst thing about "Alas" was the fact that he could play a real part. So, you might have liked this movie. But the real problem with "Alasm" is his inability to have a real story, despite the fact he's not even really interested in it.  If you're wondering why "Alasa" would want to start with him - you have to take the time out of your life and read a book called "The Last Flight". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak... but the special effects are terrible. The music is boring and the action is boring... but all in all, this is a dud. Don't waste your time on this piece and if you can find it's best if you're willing to waste your precious time in this piece.   The story is simple and the dialogs are terrible, but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie to see this year, despite the fact that this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, was "A Chorus Line" (1998) with some very bad acting. I don't know where they got this from, but the acting was absolutely terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I watched this, I thought I was in for a long stay. The acting was flat, as I had hoped, and the characters were bland and uninteresting. It was so hard to follow and the pace was so slow and the plot was so predictable. I found this to be quite predictable, and so I'm willing to overlook its mistakes.  The plot was predictable. It failed miserably as a sitcom. I didn't understand why they were going out of business and getting back in. I wasn't prepared to give up and go on with life. The dialogue was very wooden and the script was boring, and as I got older, I knew that I had seen the same type of story several times, but I don't think this is as flat or uninteresting, but it was a bit slow to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like to waste your time. I didn"t, but i know that there is still a lot of people out there who have never even watched a film or read a book...  I gave this one a low rating of 1 out of 10 because the movie was boring, the plot was dull and the actors were so wooden. But that is only the case for the majority of the movie. If you like bad cinema and the plot it is not even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was only available in VHS format.  I would have liked a copy of this film to re-buy from the video store.  And I am surprised how many people were interested in this movie.   It The Muppet Movie   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film a few years back in the 80s. But, what I saw was awful, the story wasn't the only reason why it was in the film in the first place. In fact, the whole movie and storyline of this film were simply terrible. But when we think about how badly written and poorly directed the film is, and there is a scene in which a guy punches an angel, you will surely never be able to look at a movie again. I would give this film the worst rating of 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: C  I am going to give the film a poor grade as a B film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard this in one of my earliest memories of the series it wasn't really very good because the writer/director were the least important actors in the series.  The film is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very dull movie. It's so dull and is very annoying. Very dull.  But this isn't. But it is... just not. But if you're a fan of the movie, it's a disappointment to see that a movie with this title was "very boring". But the movie is so boring that it's difficult to understand.  I can only assume that there are people who actually think of this title as an "intelligent comedy". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem in the movie is the apparent inconsistency in time-travel between different dimensions.  The way the movie moves through time has some weird artifacts, which leads to a bizarre situation, which is really bad if you take a long enough view.   There's also a strange and seemingly inexplicable feeling to it.  If you go to the site, where the movie was filmed, you will find that the actors were not particularly talented. In fact, the site was apparently very difficult to find, but it took some time to realize that it was a really awful site, not a particularly interesting one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, the only way this film ever made any sense was in the worst case, but with so few characters it's impossible to find any character with any depth or personality.  The cast of these two movies are completely unbelievable and completely unbelievable.   This is a bad film to the extent that any director who is a student of film making would be proud of being "bored of".   I'd be interested in seeing this film because the story lines are completely incoherent and incomprehensible; we never get the point of where a story ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie about people that go into a dreamlike "reality" in which they can interact with the other inhabitants of the dream. So they can do things in the dream that are not possible in the real world.  The actors are amateurish at best. They are also miscast (I think that is the word). But at least you get to see some actors, albeit only by casting two of them. It doesn't really matter.  What a waste of a film.   The worst part of the movie is the acting. The director says that it's the most boring part of his movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible and the script was horrid. The "plot" was a bit boring and the characters were bad. I'm just guessing that the actors were in a scene and there was some sort of conflict between them and the other characters that were on either side of them in the scene.  That's all I have to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film countless times. However, when I think about it is like this. In this case, there is no chemistry. The film was so poorly made that I thought it had been made in the mid 80s.  This film, "Bake the cake, the man says", when the man said that, he said it again, but he said the cake was really awful. But when he said that he meant it, it was not actually said that the man made a cake. There were several lines of dialog where the man was just saying the same thing he had in "The Incredible Melting Man". But when the "cake" is made into "chai", there is cake. But the cake is not really made. It is the cake just makes the man do a lot of things he normally would. The only time it makes the "man" do anything he should have done was when the cake explodes and the man runs out in a pile of cake, and he is the only man I have ever heard of that makes a cake explode. I can think of no other way the cake could have worked. It explodes and makes "the man" run out in the pile of chocolate. He only ran out, but then the man "cake"-ed.  However, "The Wonderful Life of Frankie Hunnemeyer" made it clear to me that the cake wasn't even made in a cake-like manner, but they don't say this at the beginning, but after he "cake-ed", and "The Amazing World of Edgar Rice Burroughs" made the man run out with his feet in the air, "the Amazing World Of Harry Potter" made him "run", but it is not as "the cake"-ed, but "the woman"-ed! If you have any doubt about the cake exploding, it has to be put in perspective. And you just have to be a woman.  The "cake cake"-ing was just for me.  And even the man cake-ing is for me and for all women. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is very much weaker than the story and, for all its talk of acting, plot, plot and so on, is a major failure of this movie. The script is weak and the characters are weak.  There are so many plot holes it could be made into a "Star Trek" movie. I really can't think of anything more to say.  I thought it would be a pity to see this movie again and so will spend the next couple of hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this as it was available for 1/3, then 1/2, then 2.1. The plot was completely unbelievable, but the movie only gets 2/10.  The plot is bad and I don't understand how.  However, I think the plot is more like 80% garbage. The dialog is poor and I know that the movie is badly made and a major problem is the acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main stars of the film were very appealing to young viewers, but as the film showed, those stars were also attractive to those who liked to see adult movies.  The plot is predictable, and the movie-going public was likely to have noticed. The fact that this movie had such a poor script for an adult movie made in 1968 should have given it special mention. The film is a bit tame as it contains nudity and graphic sex, and we have a number of "babe" shots that could have been better used in a Playboy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the movie you will be disappointed, disappointed or angry.  If this movie was a good movie it is an insult to my intelligence and intelligence that I will admit. It is an insulting insult to your intelligence.  I am glad you found this movie to be such. It will be in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a whole lot of really bad movie. But it's a long time ago that I really think they need to be more creative and try some new things.  And if you need some new ideas you're welcome to try out this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've ever witnessed from start to finish. I'm astonished that someone who was actually watching the movie for the first time would waste 20 minutes and get the worst ending at the end.  The film had some strange effects; the characters were strangely disjointed. The acting was poor; it has little of the magic which the movie has in "Bond: Last of Us", but what I was expecting from this, but not what I hoped to hear from it.  It's too bad, too cliché, or too fake, but it's not one of those movies that can be watched at once on a whim. The actors are wooden and the action is amateur, but they were, but this one has none of the style which is characteristic of "Bent". It's just not as good as the movie is.  A terrible movie by any standard.   It is a bad film and the ending has no meaning; it's just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Falling Rock" is one of the most memorable films ever made in film. The screenplay focuses on the friendship between a group of friends (with whom a group friend has just gone to see a woman friend, as a way to convince her to have sex with her) and a group boss (who has been replaced by a woman who is friends with a group member). The dialogue is at times difficult to follow and the characters are at times unlikable. The movie is a little pretentious, with the dialog, locations and sets, but it fails to convince many viewers.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking for something to watch after watching this film.   I had a hard time watching this at home when it the worst, but at a public library the movie really sucked. I can't even recommend this movie when I was young and I was expecting a full-fledged horror film. The director is in his own right and I can appreciate that he doesn't pull it off any better then this movie. It didn't convince me, but it did convince me to avoid watching this for 10 years (but after watching it for the 3rd time I was really glad of it). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting this movie to be funny, it is only going to be the start of a really bad movie, but if you are looking for a real laugh out of this movie, then this isn't it.  As a film, it could have been a great effort. However, this film just doesn't work for me. The film is just a disappointment and a bore of waste.  This is what I'm talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was pleasantly surprised. A man, a woman, and a guy (the guy is hot), all seem to act this way.  The problem is that we see them and understand them and that we understand that we are supposed to like them and so we are going to like him and like him. It is supposed to be, but the way it is done and the way the movie is like (except the guy is an old, bald, balding guy), is a bit confusing and the ending is like, but there is nothing really original, but it is a lot of time wasted.  If you are looking for a very long movie (and if you are really a huge fan of this movie and think you are going in for a long journey) see the book (in this case I'm talking about the book) but don't think you have to live with a huge amount of problems that I do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the best example of what i've seen this summer. The movie has a predictable plot, and the music is the worst example of the music industry, but the movie is bad. The soundtrack has a catchy, and as usual, it is terrible, and for the most part, it gets boring.  It's as though a car drove around the city while a woman in the passenger seat was listening to music, and was not able to hear it.  The acting is terrible.  I can tell you what happened in a movie that i saw recently, but you might as well ask me yourself. This movie has nothing to recommend it. If you want a movie with a plot, then go rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was waiting for the movie to come out. But if it would be terrible and you would have to stay out of the theatre for half an hour.  I also bought this movie to prove the whole point. I am not sure about the point.   The only time the whole movie is confusing and unpleasant. There is no nudity or explicit sex scenes.  This is a bad film with a badly-made script.  You will hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the movie was made available for a couple of hours on cable TV, a number of the kids who were watching were so mad that they had to turn it off when it came on. They were so bored with it. The acting and storyline were OK, but the script was awful, but a script is a screenplay, but when it comes down to it, it is the filmmaker's own creation, but he does it with the kid's money, but that is a far cry from "direct"   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this one...but I can honestly say I was very amused watching a movie with an annoying British accent. But don't expect this one to be a film you'd want to rent (except because you've only ever seen a lot of British films.) The script is also a joke. A good one for the time of year, but don't let your expectations get high and dry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why this film was made. It is just a waste of time to see the movie again if you like it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually a big load of crap. It's as though the actors all have personalities of their own.  It's a crap load of bollocks to me and a heap of turds to you. But what's this all about? This is not a movie I would recommend to anyone, but I'm really going to say that there was nothing new at all that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this movie is almost unwatchable, but the rest of the movies is boring to the point of being boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No matter what, however many times over I cannot believe that this production was directed, at any rate. I cannot, however, believe that anyone could have made this movie, but it has a very bad production in the least. I can say that, at least, it has no storyline, but then, I am surprised that, on the surface of this production it's bad. No plot, no chemistry, a bunch of bad script (bad actors, but they're really cheap) and some bad acting.   Avoid the movie if you want to waste time on an extremely boring plot, but otherwise this production is a bore to behold, and I don't know why anyone would waste a couple hours of their life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is filled with bad script and bad script. I think a total of 1 or 2 movies were written, but this was way too long and boring and predictable. The story is very predictable and predictable, but it fails in a big way, in a way that is completely predictable.  I think this movie just failed miserably to a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real plot in this movie is the "smaller". A man is getting the "satisfaction" of his life by joining a local church and becoming a minister and then starting to preach again. Unfortunately he soon finds he can make more friends. This plot makes for one dull day. The rest of the movie is simply boring. But the story itself is dull, boring, and the characters are flat as a pancake. The whole premise is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. However, this may be one of the worst movies i've ever seen. A total waste of celluloid.  I cannot fathom the purpose of this film, but its wastefulness will make it a waste of time for everyone involved in the film industry. A waste of 1.1 hrs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film is the worst of the worst film I have ever seen in my life - and I will NEVER FORGIVE you that.  The only real surprise in this film isn't how bad (bad) acting happens on both the male characters and the female characters.  And the music... why is there so much of it? The characters were all unimportant (the music was OK, but the music was not, and there was nothing particularly interesting to see). But there are so many problems - especially in terms of sexuality, body image and body shaming - that you can't even count them all. I am surprised to see that this film was made in 1994 - and, what an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've only ever seen one movie I think of in my life so far. There was a lot of really weird scenes and it is quite difficult to forget because it is so boring, but not boring. But I guess if you're trying to see something new, it has to be.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What about this movie: The actors, locations, and story were all very weak in their roles and the character development of the main character was slow, not the script that you could care about. But, the script was awful. There is a very long section in the script where we hear the main characters talking to each other. I can imagine an entire film where everyone talking in a very monotone and we see it happen all the way through.  As a film, the only thing that is the least disappointing is the plot line. The rest of the story, the characters, etc. are all written very clearly and well in their English and Japanese languages. I would say, don't waste your time in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first attempt of a remake, it is a shame-faced debacle by the BBC and in the United States is a pathetic attempt to remake American history in the manner it was done and accepted. The BBC actually seems to be trying to be "The BBC" and to be a "New York Times". It is a sorry waste of time if you can spend the money on this piece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're at all, there is absolutely nothing new and unique in this. Not at the beginning, but at the end, the movie is so unbelievably predictable. Even the ending is weak, but not at the point where the whole movie is predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of "Mork and Mindy" might be in for something. And I have to say I've seen much worse movies in my life, but it wasn't worth your time or your money. And when you are watching this movie, you'll be glad you went to the dentist. This is worse than "Morks and Mindi" as the only two movies in the series that I've ever seen. A poor decision. The movie is as terrible as "Morgue." It is so bad that the dentist will have to call an ambulance. The acting is terrible. I wouldn't recommend "Morsa" and "Mordre," but then you might say I should've gone to the cinema.   The only thing that saves this movie from being a "b-movie" is the fact that they filmed everything in the hospital, but the hospital wasn't anywhere near as bad.  In conclusion: It is a bad film that was made so that it would appeal to people who live with diabetes. It is not as terrible. It's bad. It makes no sense. In fact, the plot was bad or unbelievable.  It's too bad. The script was terrible and the dialogue was bad. At least for the first two scenes the characters were the type that people who had low vision would hate. The plot is one of the worst clichés in the worst ever "Morpheus" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I am in my 30s this will be my first exposure to the movie I rented in my last year or two when I started a summer vacation. I can't even begin to explain how badly it this movie I'm in to. It!  I'm guessing this was one of the worst movies I've ever had to sit through, but I'm not. I went into the theater with 3 friends. We were all 18, we weren't 18 for long.   There are a couple of people in my life I know I can look forward to seeing in my next life. I just pray for me to not go through this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But don't let this movie take over the world! Its the worst movie I have ever seen! Its a shame the movie didn't get even worse. It's a shame no one in this movie talks to a squirrel.  If you can see this movie, you will understand the pain of having to say "I hate all this crap" when saying that you hate squirrels. The pain is real! There's absolutely no excuse for this movie to exist in its entirety. The whole movie is a mess! The only thing that I could think to praise is that it is a movie about a squirrel being chased by a pack of rabbits. This movie is nothing new. It is not in the least bit disappointing. If you have ever said something you will have said that this movie was nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, acting and characters are predictable. If the film is to be believed, this is one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life. The soundtrack was very amateur in the film. In conclusion, this film is, by far, the worst film I have seen in a while. But the only thing I hated was this one line which the director had chosen to have in the opening scene. There was nothing else.    All in all, a waste of a time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is only the beginning of the troubles that plagued this film in the entire history of film-making. It's Not Great, but it's Not Terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know you're out of your mind. That's your only hope.  I'm just going to go ahead and call this one a bunch of drivel and let others see how this movie is supposed to be an instant cult classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are the odds? This movie has all the ingredients you could want in a movie. So it is a pity the people in this movie didn't all die.  And lastly, but the worst of all - why are there two young girls at the end, where the mother is supposed to have the child? In this movie, the young girl is named "Jess" and her father is named John. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was a kid (I was 5) this movie made me cry a few times. My brother and I both loved this movie. My mother and father both hated it just so didn't ruin the movie, but it didn't make you care.  I am 5 years old and I have never seen anything like this movie before. I am so sorry that I am starting to believe they made me watch it cause I could not believe my eyes. It wasn't until the end of the movie when I knew I had been duped.  It just seemed like the movie had made me believe that I had actually been dupED.   I don't know if they knew I was going to be duped when I was 5 and my mother hadn't. I felt like I had just been dup'd.  However, it wasn't that they had duped me. It was the movies, because the movie was a movie, because it was a horrible mess.  The movie is a huge disappointment for many people who are either young, not old, who have no experience with movies making. I know that I did not want to see this movie as a kid who has to sit thru this film to believe that they are real kids. I also feel like I am at a young age and I am a kid at the same age and this movie ruined the movie. They made me write my negative review a few words of my own. My favorite part of the film was when my brother and me were going through the worst of it, but we were in different places.  You can watch it for free on demand or you can download it on DVD if you want to. It is a joke and it was my least favorite part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't get it. I had a hard time trying. I was pleasantly surprised. I did like my cousin and all her friends and all their friends who were too big for the occasion. It was a horrible disaster. It wasn't.  What did you expect was the worst movie ever but it is only a little more of an insult to an insult. Don't expect it to be an insult because you have never seen such a film before. Don, don't expect such a movie from a movie made by some guy named Brad. Don. DON. DON DON. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No plot. No chemistry. No action. No suspense. No plot of any kind.  This film just isn't even a real comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read several books on the history of the British Isles, the inhabitants of which are not the least bit interested in such things, but the rest are interested in the history, the personalities and the political situations of the islands themselves. The author of "My Name is Dan" is one of those who are not interested in matters concerning the British Islands and that is why this movie is not recommended. But I am not going to write any negative review and I would never recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens on a day of reckoning to show a woman's rape, which is an atrocity which is committed with the same frequency as is experienced in the most recent films.  One of the reviewers, Dan Ozzi, had the courage to write that this film is a waste of time (especially after the filmmaker had just been found guilty on all counts). The film has never been released.  As a result, it is an embarrassment to the film-going public. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the title is spelled "Hollywood" instead of "Cinema", but the dialogue is entirely unentertaining, but that's not a good title to this movie.  The acting is dreadful. I found it confusing. It's a pity Hollywood didn't spend its time making a film like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst I can say about this film is that it is not funny at all. It just gets very thin in the end. And they call the whole movie like it is some kind of comedy and some kind, but they are not telling jokes and they are saying some stupid, but not very funny at least I think this movie should be on the IMDb too but I really doubt it.  The whole concept of the movie was so strange and confusing.  There was no script or funny at any point and at least one thing I can comment on is the idea of the entire movie. There was some kind stupid, funny, but very weird idea that made me feel sorry for myself but the movie wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is poor, the script is poor. The movie has poor-to-mediocre script which has been repeated throughout the years to the current day. And I'm thinking that the film-makers were paid off on something, but the writer-director, Robert DeNiro, is a bit of a problem. But the actors don't look like they were in the original. It's almost as though he's still in the beginning, but only he could have given up. If he were in his element in the world of film making, he'd have been better. I'm telling you. This is bad.   In a world of movies-making, the actors play one of a kind. They are not playing in the same type of role that they were playing in before they left to do this. The writer- director and his actors look like he was talking to them and the story is just terrible. There's a lot of time to kill in this.  I'm giving this one a rating of 1 because it's still bad. The script has bad dialogue, but it really doesn't have a good script in my opinion. I don't see why anybody would have been so disappointed. The actors look good.  The plot isn't a problem at all. You can even make a movie that only follows the actors without looking like he knew what he was doing. The film makers should have known better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says this movie was made in a week. It's too bad. I think the film could have been made without this. The sound was OK but not great. A little of the story was told which I think would be interesting to read instead of this crap.  It's not too bad and the soundtrack could have used a little adjustment.   I gave it a 4 because it's a little predictable, but it's definitely a waste of time and will be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie at the end of 1998. It was in the title: "The Last Movie". The ending of this movie is almost identical to the ending of "The Dead".  It has the same music, the same acting, the characters are the same (Bobby, a friend of Bobby's).  I've seen it a couple of times on TV, and never noticed anything except that I couldn't understand the script, the movie was boring, and the ending is the same as the "Dead". It would have been a good idea to have a remake, or a sequel, or even a sequel to the original "Dead", but, if you like the original, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read books about the Titanic, seen the movie and had my hopes raised. The movie was actually the best I've ever seen. I've seen all the previews on here. I understand it it the worst. I did not understand what the "worst" movie could be. It was the worst film I've EVER SEEN. A film that has no potential whatsoever at all. I know I will be looking for "The Lost". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke to the viewers of this forum...  It is also one joke for all people who think that this movie is funny. But I have to say, at the end, in the final scene (but before that), the movie does have a lot of laughs.  This is only the 2nd time the movie has been bad. However, the movie is not funny, but it is not a joke, either.  I'm just saying that this is not really as bad movie, but the jokes aren't there. If you want to see something like this, try to make a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film about two girls who get a date to stay at a fancy restaurant and then get kicked out of it and then decide to go to a local hotel and go topless.  It  I found it a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, but the plot was dull, the plot were boring and the writing is lame. The script is weak, the script is uninteresting, the jokes are funny, the dialog is simple, and the characters are all believable. All in all, I give this a 1 because it's just an average of some movies I haven't ever seen that has terrible plot. It's only my 4th.  The movie is very predictable as I am certain the guy who wrote this was a writer of high school drama. I give it a 2 because the director has tried to make a point about this in his movies, but then again it doesn't work as an average movie. It is a typical bad movie that should have a long life. It can be described as average, but its not a movie in the same league. The story isn't as dull as the writing. The main problem I had was that this movie doesn't get good as an action movie. I didn't get bored, but it is not exactly a terrible movie, but not a lot of people are going to enjoy it. The plot isn't bad, I don't think people are gonna recommend it because they are bored, nor the script can be made to work for the person who isn't a writer.  I give the movie a 3 because the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to rate this movie in 10/10 as it was one of those movies with no plot. They are the worst of the bunch, but this was a real disappointment because it one of the worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  If you want to see some of the most bad movie I have ever seen, check it out if you want.  I saw this movie about 2 of the main characters in this movie, but it only lasted 5 minutes. In other words, it had the same effect as a bunch of 4 of those guys doing something stupid and idiotic and they were all good. They were the worst guy, though, was the man who shot him and killed him and the girl he loved. But unfortunately, I only saw this in my time. It was really dumb in the worst way ever and the only reason I couldn't give 1.5 out of 10, I gave it 2.  The only other reason I could give 1 out of a 10 to a movie made like this was because it was so unbelievable and you couldn't believe in that story.  It's really really just a really stupid B-grade movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two movies that you can only watch. The movie starts in the middle of the movie. You can choose which one you want to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film seems to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As for myself and my children, the only movie I've seen in two years is this one, but it's a very long-awaited and over-the-top, high-profile movie, but then I've watched it only once, but the movie is completely unbelievable, and this whole movie is absolutely terrible, but its not the main problem for this movie is too long. This movie is really, really, awful to the point: this is one of the worst movies I have ever had the displeasure of watching. It is just terrible garbage you can kill yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a kid, but it doesn't seem to have been very well done. He's the real star and gets more of the laughs, but then his jokes gets a bit heavy in his delivery and it becomes so very dry that it's hard to follow. This is a bad film to make fun of. But it's not very entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the "horror" genre films that I saw when I was six (I saw the original Scream, the original Night of the Dead, the remake of Scream, and of course, this one is pretty good.  There is one thing that this film gets for its age. It also shows signs of the kind of movie that I would have expected. The acting and the music are fine. I can see how this film was made in a much more natural way than before, and I also feel that the characters are all acting like they were just in a horror movie.  I don't know of anyone who has actually said this in years past, but there are other comments like this, but in general you get the point. I don`t know what is going on here except that it wasn`t a horror film at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to see this for Christmas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this film had "great expectations" should have been an indication of how badly-made movies: it was a "bad movie" (which has nothing to do with the "great idea" of bringing the human race together into a "New World" under British rule) with a message for the movie makers: that they should do something about this subject matter: don't let anyone tell you that they have to do something with all of this crap.  In the film the actors played two people that, in many cases, didn't even know each other well; the first guy played by Robert Downey Jr. was obviously the "Great Idea" of the movie, but the film itself was poorly made. Robert Downeiys' character was a total hack of himself (as a human being) by the computer that he uses to make up the movies: he used up all of his energy, not only on himself and his "sister" (he was on the other side, apparently), but his computer uses all of that energy to "help" him and his computer go into a coma that can only be stopped by the power of life-support.  The director had to resort to using his computer to "hack" the computer he was using to write the movie; it was obviously a hack job because he had "no clue" what he was doing and, like most hacks, the movie is the only thing that "happened" in the computer. There were more hacks and "hacks" that didn't need to be hacked in any part of this movie.   "The Human Zoo" would have been a "really stupid" movie, if the director hadn't thought he was getting any "real points" in this movie for making him the new guy: it just happened to be a film set in a computer, but it doesn't get a single point. It's an idea that can be found everywhere and that, at first glance, made no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a huge fan of this movie because it's a good movie. I am tired of seeing it twice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is quite possible that this movie, in fact, was made for a purpose. It is very likely that this film was intended to be marketed in a very limited manner. It has to be. The idea is that if one can create a movie which will not be so bad, but will appeal to the mass market. This concept is the reason why I gave this a 1, even though it was written by the same director as "Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon", but he had been replaced by two new Directors who clearly had never had to deal with the same issues that "Crocodile Dundee" dealt with. This is another film in which the filmmakers attempt to deal in an entirely new format. The main fault with this film is that the acting was horrible and the story was terrible. The dialog was terrible and the dialogue was poorly developed.  The worst I could say was that the script is the main problem.   The plot is as old as the hills, but the characters were poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are really really two types of movie in this genre: the first is the'main' type of movie which is a typical story told at a story level. It, which is about a mother dying of a mysterious illness while her husband is on the other side. In most cases, they are just telling the stories which they thought would be the main story.  I don't know how they arrived at the conclusion.  My first thought of'main story' was just a poor excuse for a story which would be told on a level, with all the characters in the same place, at a level. And in this movie, the main characters are the only ones who aren't'main', but the plot is thin and the movie has a very strange atmosphere and overall feeling of being rushed forward. The cinematography is also pretty good.  Overall, I give this movie a 3 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what really bothered me?  It was about one guy who falls off a tree and into the sea. He's a woman who falls for him. The guy tells her he loves her and wants her to be his girlfriend. This was all so unnecessary. I can only assume this is the sort of thing that could easily be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think you're in a film about a small time period when Americans were trying to make a movie. If you're a regular who's going to watch this movie it will be on your TV screen as it was originally. You will be watching it all the time. If your friends are friends with the same last name and same last names. They will all be friends with different last names and different last words. They might all have the same initials and different letters. I know this movie has been done twice: once in 2000 and once in 2003. You would think that was all the way in which Americans are going to be friends and not friends with each other's names. I have watched this movie 3 times in my life, so I know I have had friends with both names. But I only ever watched it when I was 17. But in order to make friends, you must be 17 and have watched it more than once. So I have no idea how they made their friends. I understand that you have to understand the culture when you go and see this movie. But if you understand the mentality and the language that is going to make it difficult for you to understand.  The main characters are a couple that met at a local university in the mid 1990's. I believe that is the reason they stayed together for 18 years. But you would not have understood a thing at all. But this was a bad picture. I could not understand this movie to understand why this failed in the eyes of other Americans. It would have been so terrible.  It was like watching a sitcom or an indie movie. I am an independent film critic and have seen all kinds of movies with different names. This movie has never been the worst film ever made and I am not even one of the worst actors in the world. But neither was it this bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A lot of movies-makers like to take their best shot at this type of movie. But, at the end of the day, when they see "Blazing Saddles". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst problem in this movie is the fact that no one remembers this film. The actors who play most parts of the cast are either in this film or some other film. I have yet to see it, but I'm sure that everyone reading this script will agree that they should get the movie if they want to remember it. However the cast was poorly cast, the script was poorly written, and the special effects were bad.  My Grade: C  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A small part of the movie is really boring, but it seems like the film just goes on, but there's a good plot. He also gets annoyed at the bad acting. But, when you think about it all seems like so much of a dream. However, when I watched the movie with friends I didn't think it was very good. But that's another thing that the movie was trying to say.  Unfortunately, my opinion of this movie is different from most people I've talked to about it. I've seen many movies like this, but I can't say this one in particular doesn't even come close to any of them. My biggest complaint about this movie was that the story was bad, but at least I still wouldn't want to waste your time with this one if it was.  I think the writer should have cut down on the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to watch this film in the hope that I might like it. I didn't think it was a complete waste of time. It wasn't. But this is so incredibly boring.  The film-makers at the National Film Theatre should have made more films. The film makers at the Vancouver Film Festival should have just made less movies, but they should have done something else. So when people complain about this movie, they should be very patient, but the makers of the National Theatre should do better.  This film is so bad in the first 15 minutes or so of the film, but that doesn't help the viewer get bored and stay that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the book to this day and my eyes just popped out. This movie is just plain bad garbage and just plain awful and simply boring. This film isn't even a disaster, but it. But the worst of it is what I will miss. The only thing that I don't like and can even imagine is the horrible scene where the kid is tied up and the guy says, "Look how you get into bed. You do not fall asleep and just stare in disbelief until the guy and mom put him back in the bed. I know that some of these people will never get the chance to do something so boring and idiotic as to make me yawn until I pass out and my life stops, because they are going to die first. The movie only lasted about a year because the whole plot of the book was just way too long and the film was only so good and not so boring. But I will say that a kid sleeping alone on a bed is a real waste of time and the movie is pretty much on par with the book. And there are two problems with this movie. First, if you haven't read the text to the book you will hate this movie because you will miss the text and hate it. The other problem is the scene where mom's boyfriend finds her dead father in the hotel room. I mean, who needs to read? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had two scenes in which an actor was shot with a.303 rifle.  What a waste of.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film version of this movie was a disaster that cost the lives of four people (three of them were the cameramen).  The title "Dead" is an appropriate title for this mess. The only people who really should have paid attention to this disaster are the survivors of it, but the filmmakers chose to focus on the suffering of the cameraman and cameramen.  And the film version, in all of its bad-movie glory, is a waste of time. In addition, a number of other people who could have been better, like the guy who shot the kid, the kid's mom, the girl's sister, the boy's dad, the guy the boy was in, the doctor and the nurse, the policeman who were supposed to have saved the girl and the dead boy, are among the worst victims. The other characters are the same as in the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film that I saw was "Red Rock West" and that's a good, if not great, film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie when I was 10 years old, but now I've seen it's no more entertaining than I have seen with my buddies at the same age. But the script is dull, but I could of had spent the $8.00 on a movie like this which I thought was written by an author who knew how to do a great job and has written many other books.  But I guess it is no more a movie than a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a real fan of the first-person shooter genre then you may be disappointed by this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "You Know What I Was"  "I Know What i'm Doing"   That's right! The whole idea of a movie was about a kid with a computer and some type of animation. But i guess this was about some kid that got into the software world and got into making a game.  It is like one of those "The game will be the best game ever" movie, but the animation is bad!  There are some of the biggest names in the computer animation world in this movie. But the other than that the film is a joke. It's no big deal.  But there is only one person that could have given this a rating. He's a kid that gets into programming and makes a game for the hell of it! "The Game"  A lot of people say this was one of the worst movies ever. But this is not a joke and it's not like a movie to be made.  "The Movie"  This is the movie you would not want to waste your time on.  The kid with the computer has his own special powers and can use them to turn off the computer!  "If i could use it again i would use the powers of the game"  It was a joke but it was a really crappy movie. The game was a lame, if you think so.  I have only rated this a "4", but if you don't, go ahead, rate it lower than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in 1976. They edited the film in a way that makes sense.  I know what you're gonna do. You're gonna make a documentary about it, which is just so incredibly pointless. I can even guarantee you, I know that you're not gonna do it. And in any event, I think the whole thing should be removed. I think there's something about an art. The whole thing is about how art is supposed to be made. It has no sense whatsoever. However, I am not going to waste my time discussing the film's main problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My best memory of this movie is that one line of dialogue reads, "The only thing I can say is that this is one of the worst movies ever," which is not in a movie about a terrible movie. It is in a comic strip. One line says "I am not sure who is doing the actual killing," but only "I can only say that whoever is doing it, is not one of my favorite movie killers.  I was going to start my own film and I was excited about seeing this in the comic strip and I laughed about how the killer in the strip didn't know anything because his wife had died. The only real problem I had with the film is that its acting was bad. There was no sex scene, but it wasn't that good either, but I was really looking forward to seeing this movie and had some ideas for how it could have been better. It was a lot better than I thought it was. But as it turns out the plot is a lot like that of the strip. It's not funny because of the jokes. The jokes are the same and it's not even predictable. I don't know why this movie has no sex scenes, but the premise is weak, but all in all, this movie was not a success because it was not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has it's very own kind of "movie" about its creation and destruction by a "new enemy". But the end result is a bit of a surprise, though one that leaves a lot of blood on the floor.  This is one of the "worst movies I've ever seen".  The director seems to be a total hack, though his intentions with the script are questionable. The character acting is terrible and the characters are weak. And I have to say, "boring", but "boringly". The "new" enemy is the "bumbling", "cuddle" type.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a very low budget horror film... but this movie was a poor excuse for the first hour or so I saw it. I was very disappointed with the storyline. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's like the first few times i ever saw the first one in a long time ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this in 1992 because it was available on cable and because I liked the original The Godfather and this was released one year later. The God Father's name was changed to Joseph Smith Jr. The movie was a total rip off of The God's Father and this is one of those movies you might have missed. Unfortunately this is way too long to make a joke. A good film in the 90's and is just awful long enough to bore your ears. The rest of the movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why people hated this film because of the fact that it is so obviously, without a doubt, it is the worst movie ever made in history. I've seen this film many times.   The story has some of the elements that one would expect. It was such a bad film and it is awful to be a real bore and to bore you down to the point where you will never get up the courage to do it.  It was not one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. It is very disappointing. It seems like a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people say that the cast were too white, but they have no clue as to how many people who are not even white were killed by other whites in order to make a "bigger" picture than the one they had made. The fact that this was one of the worst films I've ever seen is a major highlight.   The last time I saw this, it was a disaster, but it's sad when I look at the film because it is so devoid of feeling.  In conclusion, this is a movie that people would rather watch than have sex with, and it is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "I had to see it because the DVD version wasn't even available in the US, but what is it to see if you want to. The DVD is so full of movies previews of a movie that had to be opened to the menu to see the title in a video. This isn't a bad idea. But it can be really, really annoying to sit through. You have probably heard me mention it before.  In this particular case, it could have been even worse. But I have to admit, the worst problem I have with this movie is that it is boring and I cannot think of anyone who would want to see this movie on a long car ride. But this movie wasn't nearly as bad movie (though it is a movie I really don't recommend you avoid, but I'd suggest you do).  Overall, the movie seemed to suck and the plot was, for lack of a better word, boring.  Avoid this movie. You will not learn any useful things about car rides, even the slightest bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing wrong in the story of "The Big Red One". But in the end it's still a disaster waiting to happen because of the nature of the movie (a "Hollywood" disaster - the sort that ends with the "Big Red One" being caught in a huge fireball). But the film ends abruptly because of what's to happen next - and that's all there is to it.  However, this disaster is a real disappointment in its own right, which I would not expect from "The Day The Earth Stood Still". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my first movie to be released under the name "Polaris". The dialogue was pretty weak.  However, what a disappointment.   The problem is, this film is so bad. I'm surprised I can tell this apart from an amateurish porno.  This was the last film I saw after I stopped watching "Sleeping With Sirens" and "The Girl in the Sea". I gave this one a 1 because it was "so bad" and I also gave it a 1 since the rest of my movies went 1.  If you want to watch this film, go to the flea market and get something else. It's not worth much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is dull and the comedy is too bad. This isn't great and the script is too thin, but it. This is not a movie of the worst film I've seen. The movie doesn't have much of a story. It's a boring movie with bad production values. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was all-too-real, and I was very pleased that the film didn't come out on video in a DVD-type format because the movie was so bad.  The rest of the movie's plot is bad. The acting is so bad and the plot is so poor, but I give it a two-and-a-half.  I am not going to waste my time here by saying that it's a bunch of crap: BFG or a giant talking frog, a talking bear, a black hole or a worm.  It is a lot of work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie and if you want to avoid wasting your time on it, avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you rent this movie, I had the same thought: How could you believe that.  The reason I rented this movie was because I really wanted to see more and more. The reason you rented it was because you wanted to experience a lot more of the movie and experience more of what you're supposed to experience. So the movie would be a better film.  I was looking forward to this movie because I was bored.  For example:  There was no storyline. The movie had bad script. They could have made more films with such dialogue and story. They were actually really bad dialogs. They tried. It was just awful to me.  This is a very bad movie. It didn't help me to believe in Jesus.   I'm going to rent this anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is incredibly boring, but the direction of the camera is boring. The direction of events is boring, and the main characters are all the same. The characters act like one of those characters. They act in a way that is not supposed to be like that. I'm sorry to say that I'm really glad to see what happened. I have to say I've never seen anything like that before.  I've not even seen anything remotely interesting. It was really predictable and predictable and I could not believe what was happening, but nothing remotely came to me that I didn't want to overlook. If you don't want me to believe you are wrong. I really don't understand.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two main characters are both played by the same actor.  The movie has a lot of comedy as well. The premise is not that interesting, but the movie's premise is poorly done or corny. The story is not told by a guy who looks like a football star, but is told by someone who, for all his years, has lived in a big house and had all his friends in his yard and watched the house's TV.  This movie is at its weakest as is possible. I would not even bother going into what the author thought about his own life. He was a kid who, like most of the actors he was playing, was very out of place, and the story was poorly told and told and the comedy badly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was one of those films in which the main character learns to play the guitar.  If you are the type that thinks you are going to get laid, go to your local karate class and watch "A Fistful of Dollars" and "Breath of Fire" for the first three quarters of the film. I know it's not supposed to be good, it's supposed to make you think you have a clue to the identity of the main actor. It's not a movie I could enjoy watching until I had some clue about who was doing the talking and who was telling the story.  A film that should have been made in 1992 or 1993. The dialogue and story are a bit dated and the plot are pretty predictable. The plot and direction are the two main things that got me going. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    the plot is weak and they are all wrong. they all have their own reasons to hate people like these people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good movie, but it doesn't mean much.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I have to say I don't care for it.  If you want to see a movie like this, then go ahead, because it bad, but then don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's bad.  So if you are looking for a movie that could be the worst film ever, avoid the movie for a few hours. It.  It has to be the WORST film ever made!   Avoid the movie. Avoid the film. Avoid watching the movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the idea of "action" is the first step that would lead to a revolution. But after seeing the original version and the movie "The Secret Life" with Michael Gwynne (Tim Roth), the viewers would understand that everything was "happening" and that people were "trying to be different". I think they would understand the revolution better, but it's really hard to understand and believe that people would have "made different choices" after seeing this film.  The writing is completely incomprehensible and unbelievable, the characters are well drawn, the script are well directed and it has a few "interesting" and original scenes that "make" the film different.  As a writer, I was really disappointed in "The Last Picture Show" because I thought the dialogue was "poorly conceived". The movie had "deeper meaning" than "The Sound of Music" in this film (although the movie fails in this regard).  This is a really bad film because it fails to convince anyone of anything, because it's a movie that has bad dialogue and poor direction.   The plot is predictable, but at the same time this is a movie of bad writing that, without much effort and without good direction, could have been made into a children's television show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's main idea is a metaphor for "the way that life is created". "The way that the child becomes a real person". However, the characters act differently and are drawn differently, but the movie itself has no continuity or coherence. I did not see the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is with that one guy with an eye patch? Why would he even want to play in such a bad version of his own movie? He's got it all. The plot is pretty average for a first rate B-movie, but for the first half of the film it starts to get awfully stretched out and dull as the story moves along.  The acting is bad and cliché. I've seen many movies with this kind of script and most people who liked the movie will never watch it. The acting isn't even the worst of the movie as I've said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to waste your time, waste your money.  A movie like this one deserves your time.    It It 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to say it. I did.  The movie in which this movie first appeared is about to be released in the US on June 3rd. The story of two guys having a conversation with a guy in their own life is quite pathetic. They are talking about their own lives. And the movie has no script. The acting is awful. And I saw a lot of bad, bad, but I don't think it is the worst thing I saw. But I think it was the worst.  I don`t believe it was supposed to be funny, but not at all. I thought it was some dumb hackneyed Hollywood movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good movie: I have never seen a movie like this and it's one of the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read every comment in this movie, and I am still shaking with anger. I think I was being very harsh, but it was too much.  The script was not that bad at all, but they should have done better. I was angry that this movie took itself too seriously, but then this movie fails miserably. In other words, I was not entertained enough by this movie. It's a waste of time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You see in the first two or three movies you think you're going to laugh at this movie because it's a joke, but it's really not a joke.  As the joke goes (as it is so very obvious) but a good portion of the joke is gone for the duration of the movie.  So when it's just not funny, but not bad in the slightest.  This is a pretty low-budget production with low budget, but the jokes are terrible. The characters are all very young.  I guess you could do a better job than that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film suffers from the typical bad movie formula: a good actor, some plot, and a cast made the film one of the worst movies i have ever seen.   The film itself is not in the slightest way below average, but this is a pretty poor example of why this film needs a good story line (unlike the movie itself).  The cinematography is terrible, but the lighting and sound are poor in the worst sense of the word.  This is a sad story of a couple trying to make a decision in life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie is so bad or even worse, why didn't they just go and make one of the worst movies I've ever seen on this site?! There are no characters, no plot and no emotion. The script is very bad, uninteresting, predictable plot (at least that is what I can say when it comes to movies that have no plot). This movie is bad, it's so unbelievably bad. This is a pile of pretentiousness for you.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the same as before, but it's not so bad. But it's a waste of time. I found it disappointing. I don't know why they used it. I want to say this is a waste if it's ever made. It's so disappointing that you want to start looking for a movie about a bunch of dorks. But I'm not going to spend the time of a day in the middle of the night screaming, "OH MY GOD!! I'm going to kill this guy!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible because the characters are so wooden and uninteresting in any film. The characters are stupid and annoying, but at the end they disappear, which is what really irks me. They just disappear because they just don't act right. So this film has the potential to be the worst of all time because the main character is an idiot, but it also has the worst. The dialogue is bad, but there are three scenes where the characters turn into monkeys that look like little baby monkeys, but look like they are being chased by one of those little baby humans.  Unfortunately, it fails miserably. It is the only movie I can think of where the actors were so wooden.   The only problem is that the writing is atrocious and the movie looks like it was made by a 14 year old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film starts with a plot about an alcoholic and his wife (played by Anna Farris). This was the only film I saw with poor acting. The movie seemed to have a real story, but it is as if the director/writer were trying to give you a story to tell yourself. Anna Farrian, the wife and mother of the alcoholic father, gets an idea to start her own business and get rich.  If you're a fan of Farris' character and you're looking for something to watch after seeing the movie you will be disappointed.  This was not a bad film for bad film. It is, by far, the worst movie I have ever seen.  I would have given this two stars at best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There were other films in this period which were more like The Naked Gun or The Dead Man. The films were made mostly in the USA and China. The script was a bit better, but so were the acting and script. The Dead Men did the usual "shame on you" and the plot was more in the vein of a soap opera which the writers were using to build suspense. The only problem with the storyline was the ending which was a major spoiler (not a spoiler of character development) and not all plot holes were plugged. The director had plenty of material. However, the film was an absolute mess and this was a disappointment of bad acting and bad, unfunny dialogue. The story is an absolute joke (the writer should be banned for writing a joke about it).  I can't believe this could have been made in 1946 when there were only five or six movies-going days left on the calendar. This isn't. It had one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only saw this when I was 3, but I've seen it many times in my opinion. The movie is so incredibly bad as they are going to release it. There was no character development whatsoever, but the script was terrible. No character development at all, but it was a complete disappointment.  There's nothing else to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a child of 8yrs old, this movie makes it worse. The actors make the most of the jokes and are the worst losers when their friends are talking.  The premise of this movie is so incredibly stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a number of movies that were so bad. That means that a film could have this movie out, but there is no one that could have. That is the case for the most of the movie.  But, in general, the movie is a "piece of crap" crap. But, the film itself is a piece of trash!   The movie is so incredibly predictable, and I have no clue how that made them so predictable.  My vote: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I have with this film is the fact that the script is written in a rather peculiar script by an older English-speaking American, which isn't exactly the problem that this film has. The main problem is that the character, although he's just an old man in his 70s (though he's never had much of it), he's a young man in a 50s (in which case he's got to be old). And in the film it becomes a problem. The other problem I've with it is the lack of chemistry in the scenes. The chemistry that makes everything possible, and the chemistry that creates everything that isn't. The scenes just don't work. And this problem can be explained, though I'm not sure how.  But to me the main problem with the film is that it relies on the plot to work. The problem for me is, how far have I come from the real problem.  My guess is somewhere, but it's not the problem I'm most troubled by.  It's like watching paint dry.  As for the other film I've seen, it's this one I never got tired of.  I've yet to see anything so bad that I felt cheated out of it. But the problem for him, the main character, is the problem, not the real one.  This film is more than you might expect from a film of this type. It's worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this so-called "Hollywood" version of "Funny Girl" is so-so, but what with that? I had to give this a one star rating simply because it's not funny! It Wasn't The Most Boring Movie Of Its Short Films And The Movie Stinks At You. It's the worst movie of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I'll be watching this film in 10 years. It's Not Funny, but it's Not Bad, but its not the worst movie I've ever seen.  I watched this film when it first came out. But it was so incredibly bad, but the thing that bothers me most in this movie is the fact that it's not funny, but that it is the worst film I've seen in my life.  But I do not remember the rest of the films. The only reason I've remembered this is to say, if you see this and you like it, you will love it, but do not expect to know anything about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors were so desperate, and the characters so unassuming, they decided to remake the original film with new actors. This time, the new actors did everything they could to save the original cast, but without the original actors they could only save the entire movie without the need for the entire cast to be replaced, but the original movie has several mistakes which make it a waste of time. I give this one a one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Kung Fu Fighting", the first in the series, is a movie I watched and was very disappointed. I don't understand how this was supposed to be in "Scooby Doo's Ghost Trap". "Sparks", the second film I saw in the first series, was a joke. But the story is completely ridiculous. But even the humor is completely stupid! It's one of the most laughable movies I've ever seen. The script is so wooden, I almost laughed myself sick.  In the final act of the film, the kid's parents decide to drive a car into the garage of the parents' house, and then the parents tell the kid and the dad to get in the car, then their car gets stuck in the garage and they all drive away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts as the movie starts to unravel and unravel it is quite difficult to understand and a quite difficult movie to see. The acting is poor, the characters are plain as day and the directing is awful to look at. It it's not as dull. The characters are as bad but the characters act more like they are. The film is simply terrible to be a horror film with a budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way it is written (and the way it IS written) is like this:  When they write it...  the letters are really big. But... and it is a good movie. It is so bad and it has one of the worst of the modern horror movies I've ever seen and it's so bad that I'm surprised to see it on TV and it really sucks and it doesn't. It's not even that you have to expect the worst from it. It really sucks, but it is. It has to. It just doesn't matter, it's awful bad. The script is horrible and the acting is horrible. It gets old when they write movies about a kid in a hospital (where the kid has a mental breakdown). It just is.  If you can find this movie (like many of the movies I saw in the middle of the last decade), go see it if you haven't.  Avoid this film if you are a kid, or you are an adult and you know what you're doing. But watch this just to see how old this movie really is. The dialogue was a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting a lot of comedy, but I didn't understand the whole idea. I'm not trying to. And the main problem is the acting and the story (with the two main characters), but the music, the acting, the storyline and the songs.  It's not as bad. The story is weak, but the way they choose to present this is not great, and the characters are at least interesting.  I found this to be a terrible movie. This is one of the worst movies I've ever had in my life, but it's probably worse than most others. It's too long to go on the website or in a movie with a story (though it is not bad) to do that, but so, it's not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was one of the many who, on a Sunday afternoon, walked around outside in a park. The only one I heard was that of a couple of boys, about to play soccer in the park, and the mother, who, having just left the boys playing, had come back to their little group home. She had cried and she had hugged her children, had kissed them all. It was one long, painful, messy, and awful ordeal that it would not allow me to go.  It is truly a pity that none of us know anything more than what we have been led to believe, but I did not, and I am not, to say that this is an extremely complicated film and that it was, and is, and will be one of his worst movies ever. It is the same as it is everywhere: very, very bad, very poorly written. He should stop making movies like this. He really did, but it was so extremely boring! I mean, what a waste of a movie... I would not recommend this to anybody, except maybe to a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the movie "The Last Mimicker", he has his friend (who is a woman who wants to be a ghost) play a role that is supposed to have some kind of special power that can bring back the dead. However, there is not a single soul among the dead who wants a soul to come back to life. It's a pity that nobody has put in effort to find out a "truth".  I guess the writer just had a decent idea and not a good idea. I could think of at least one good movie, and I could not even get past the first half.  I have to say it, it's a shame that the director gave the movie it's name was "The Mimicker". "The Only Thing I Can Think Of That I'm Not Gonna Miss" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a number of years. I laughed when I first saw it, I laughed until I had to look it. I think I laughed because I had a small amount of sense and because I am a person who has spent years being "tamed" by the forces of nature and nature itself. I am also a person whom has worked long and hard to learn to understand and accept that there are things which are "really out there". Unfortunately, there are too many factors that make this movie a "big" bore, but that just is how it is.  I think that in order to truly understand what was going on it would have been a better idea to hire a group of people with an idea that they wanted to convey with the film. I hope that the movie stays in the same state it is supposed to be in for the next 40 years until its sequel comes out in 2019. If we want to avoid this "big bore" film we will need to get our heads out of our asses and stop watching the thing because the movie is so much worse than the movie. That is all I can say in this review, but I am sorry I wasted 2 hours of my life on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My rating: 10/10  Rating: 1  Rating(out of 10): ****  Rating:(out of  ****(out to ****)-  Rating-out of ****(to ****)- ****  My Rating-Out-of ****(To ****)-****(To****)-    Rating-(out of 1000)- ****(Included in 1,000+ films:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had my head out. I was not expecting an award for it. I don't remember that. It's not my fault. And if the producer and director and actors didn't know their way around script writing, there is no reason to expect a movie with a script and characters and everything to be made into a film which can stand on its own. I gave this film an average of a 1/10 because its scriptwriting is bad and not because the actors are worse.  The film is directed by the late Biju Bhatia, who had the script written for him.  It is very obvious that Bhatiya was a very talented director, so I think he really wanted to work with him again because he knew what he wanted. He knows he had to deliver. And after this, it would be a good film to watch. But it has been so bad it's hard to remember any details. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am glad to say this film was the worst movie I've ever seen. But I am still trying to make the worst. And while the acting is as poor as you would expect, the story is as idiotic as you'd expect, but the plot isn't as poorly constructed as the movie has been accused of. But then what is the purpose of this? What does it say? Why was it made? Why do they think it's the worst of it? What makes this film a bad film and what makes it so very bad? The only thing that was a major disappointment I can think of was the movie's acting and the plot, but I think the actors were bad, but they are not really very much better than the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a lot of scenes involving the guy who gets killed by a bunch of rats in a dark subway corridor.  The film is a total disappointment. I gave this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the couple trying to find the missing child (the two parents are working in an art studio and searching for her) is also pretty boring, but this movie had the worst effect of making the two people in the studio seem like they were having an affair. It was also the most predictable part of the movie - I think it could've been much better.  But it had the most negative effect of possibly the film ever, and its very predictable.  I was skeptical about this film. It has all the ingredients for a really dull and uninteresting movie. But I think the worst part is in "Stuck In the Middle" - that's the problem. But even if you like this film, you'll hate the ending so much you're gonna go blind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very low budget and the actors all seem to do it (which is totally ridiculous). What is supposed to be the problem with low budget movies? This film seems to have a problem with its script and actors. And yes there are some scenes where the actors just walk around and do nothing for 5 minutes or so, but this film really does not know where it is. As for the bad movie actors... but this movie seems to be pretty much like those movies I thought was for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie ends with an interesting little plot.  The music is poor, though they do not play in the concert, but their song is too short, their dance is too long and the song has been cut from the record. But the movie is one thing, but the movie could have been much longer (which could have saved some time).  It is, and I will say this about it: It is the kind of movie that you get a really hard time of it. But it's the kind I would avoid seeing at my very earliest opportunity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this on a website, then saw the movie at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2006. I expected it to be an excellent film, but I did not expect the movie to be a total waste of a comedy movie. The film, as it were, is a collection of one of many examples of movies that fail miserably in trying to be comedies, because they fail miserablly, and this is one of those examples, but only so that you have something to compare it to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I was pleased with this movie, but I'm not convinced I was in love with it is just a bad film.   The plot of the movie is really weak, but it just fails to have a plot, but at the end it fails to make the audience hate this movie. But I think it would have been better if they just made something that was funny.  It could have been a very average B movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only two exceptions that I can remember. They were from the original. I'd think I'd forgotten the name of the bad movie. It, or So It, could have been a good idea.  In the end, this movie could have used some more story than it has. It just doesn't have enough story to make it worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the reviewers overreact that the movie is a bunch of bad movie and this movie is simply a bunch o' movie that gets a name that sticks, in a rather predictable and non-intellectual way, to the point that it is a bad film.  The problem I have is that, if I was a fan of this movie (I went to see it on cable), I don't know that the director was the right one. I found the name of the director to be "Gillespie". I know that he has directed many of his movies in a similar vein, but I've only ever seen his movies "The House of Games". He obviously made this one as a joke. The whole idea that the audience gets to decide if they want to be taken for an all-night sleep-in is a joke I could see coming out of a 5th grader's locker-room jokes. I didn't get the point where they "got a name they didn't deserve" and it didn't "turn into an excuse for a joke". I was looking forward to seeing this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is, the movie has very few laughs. This movie had about 30 jokes, but none of them were particularly funny. But at the same time, the jokes were only funny if the actors did their jobs very well. In fact, the problem is only apparent to those who are very familiar with the movie. It's one of those films you don't want to pay money to see again.  It's not one of the worst examples of comedy this has, but, it just has bad-movie jokes (all of which are terrible, pointless), but it only gets worse in retrospect and makes one think twice.   So, don't waste your time on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie a number of years ago, but if you want to see the real, original version with the worst special effects, do yourself a favour and go to the theatre.  I also noticed a number that I would never forgive: the opening credits, the last scene, the "end" credits and the "ending" music. The original version had the worst thing about the movie, the only other scenes were "main" and "end". This version is bad by my count.  What I found was that I am going to spend money that I had just been saving the movie money to. The movie had nothing to recommend it.  This is what I was waiting for, and the actors are just really bad. I'm not going to waste my time on this movie any more.   I had forgotten, just that I couldn't remember what it was all about. There is nothing new here that I can say in this forum about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens a few minutes before the earthquake starts, just when everyone starts running. The scene is supposed to be one of the most memorable scenes from the movie, but I can't say I've ever seen one of those scenes.  The plot of this movie is simply awful, as is the name of the movie and this movie's name is terrible, "The Fault in My Star"; the "The Frigid Sea", which is supposed not to exist.  I had a lot of time to kill because I went to the school where this movie was first released. The only way this movie could have been even worse, is if the kids had gone to that school because their parents had given them a bus ticket to get there.  As the main character leaves his school to get a job in a factory, he learns to become even more indifferent. He sees other kids going to the same school, as they're all supposed to learn to love, or at least like.  There are some pretty big twists, but the movie's title is just dreadful, and the movie isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the old woman (Jane Krantz) discovers that the baby (a white boy, who looks like a little baby), is her best friend, and is upset because she knows he knows the baby. Jane's best friend (Polly Simon) has been sent to a different boarding school. As the white girl's (Anne Reid) graduation date approaches, she finds herself being chased by the old black man (Paul Sheffer) and her white classmates. The movie follows the white, non-white, non white, and non-black members of a mostly middle-class white family, and their interactions. The white son (Robert Smith) wants his mother to stop working because she is in love with a white man (Eugene Delgadone) who has been brought back to the US after the war, and he wants the white man's (John Lithgow) life to change. The two have been married for 30 years. This was the third time Smith played the role of a young woman who's life was disrupted by love. The story follows the story of a middle-aged white man, who returns from Germany to the USA where he is not accepted into a white working-class family and starts making friends with a non-whites' mother (Geneviève Laroche), who is in her mid-50s.  The movie is rated PG-13 by the MPAA, a rating not used for mainstream movies, as "adult" or "mature" for that matter. The director of this film is credited as "Peter S. Segal" in the credits for his directing.   Other than the film, this is a B-movie, the third "film" ever made in a low budget comedy about white people and their attitudes towards blacks. And yet, it's the only film about two white men who hate black men. The characters have been completely caricatures, while others are stereotypes of blacks, and about a black couple who are married in their mid-60s. All in all, this film may just be another example of the many ways the white family behaves like this and the white male, white-dominated society hates black people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story in the film is not about the events that preceded this film. The characters are all not as bad, but the events themselves aren't there for the viewer to experience as well, and the events are, unfortunately, so bad.  The acting is very inconsistent throughout the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "Boomerang" is a really poor, low budget version of "Wizard", but it is so incredibly bad. "Buster" is an OK comedy spoof of a martial arts film. The characters are so unfunny, but the movie starts to drag on and there are no comedy moments whatsoever. The movie starts off on a lame, unfunny ending with a kid killing his mother with an axe. Then the credits roll and a few laughs.    The plot is bad. The dialogue is so wooden. But the story itself is pretty bad, and so are the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It just is not funny, but rather poorly and stupid, but poorly. But I guess that's the problem.  The only thing I can think of that isn't "boredom". I can only imagine what a terrible sequel this may have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this picture is not that the story is incoherent or unclear.  This was the first film I saw in several years that was not entirely a disaster, but just that they didn't want it.  I had hoped for something better. I can only imagine that this film will make many of us realize we have not been, but have been made into.  The writing in the movie was horrid and the plot was a bit thin.  If you really have any sense, avoid this mess for now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so slow, I'm amazed I've never heard of the movie before. But the film is still so obviously bad. This is just one of many examples of how the movie business model is so obviously set up to fail. It just happens to be one of those movies that had been made in the 90's that was so obviously out of date. But that's not going to help the movie fail. But there's the idea of not doing the movie in the first place (and there are so many).   The only other problem I found with the film was the way in which it ended. But by and large it doesn't seem like a movie of this magnitude. But if this film was made in 1995 it was just so obviously worse than an ordinary bad movie.  I really can't get into the whole plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie just wasn't made for Christmas. It was for the ages.  The script is incredibly poor I've seen, but only in small parts (but there's absolutely no reason to). The actors were bad (to me) the worst. The writing was very poor I have seen,but only in extremely minor parts (because there's no point in doing the same kind of film with the same actors).  This one was absolutely terrible.  I have absolutely no clue why they were in the movies. I'm not going to waste my time or money or even pay to go see the movie.  My recommendation: don't bother watching this film and don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm pretty sure this movie would have been a better movie.  If this is indeed a movie, it's the kind of movie you'd expect from a sci-fi horror flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two films of this series were directed by legendary director Georges Guetin, one of his early efforts. At the same time, he had to go out and find some other film to complete his journey. If you want to see the first two of his films (and you are a regular fan of the first film), you can do so at the French Film Forum (FrenchFI), where you will find this one among many others.  It is not a waste of a film, but it is very bad. I don't think that we should stop watching this film because of the actors, and there are only three people I know who think that this is the worst thing he has ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has several actors who are clearly desperate to act as "Bobby", but they don't get a chance to play "Bubba" and have no idea of what to do with that part. They are both desperate and desperate.  One of the characters is the young son of a man who recently married a woman who is pregnant. One of them is the "widower" who is married to another woman who has already been raped. He's desperate to rape her to force her into being his "wife". It's painfully obvious he has no idea what to call this "wedding rape".   The characters are desperate and they get everything they want. If you're looking for a really bad movie and one where nothing happens, then you should watch this one.   But they just want you to believe everything that's happened in this film. They know you're not going to make any sense. They're not even trying to create a movie that is really bad.  If you need help understanding this "plot", don't look for any of the actors involved in this "rape", but watch the entire thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you realize that the original film was the first feature film ever made from a European country, and it made in France, Germany and Austria. But it is what you are looking for.   It is just so bad that it will probably kill the producer of the original.  But just watch the film, if you are a film critic of European films:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this movie was probably an experiment in the early 1990's. So, when the movie came out in 1994, we were not in for a big-budget production. But the movie's actors were so wooden and amateurish.    I can only imagine this movie would be a success if the characters and the plot were both written by writers (which, in my opinion, they should be).  The script is not what makes this movie so awful and the movie is probably the only movie I've ever seen that made me want to punch a hole in my head and choke myself with a piece of bacon until I was "bored". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, though it was supposedly a comedy movie, was a huge disappointment to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible. It's like "This movie sucks."  The only way to save this mess is to say the name of the director of this film. I've never seen a film like this before. This was so bad. I mean, that's it's all I had to say about this mess. It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (i) i thought this movie was way better than other movies with the same name, but then i thought it had to be some kind of comedy of the time, but this is really bad...  (ii) it's a good idea to have something to talk about.  (iii) you have to be a little bit more humble... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was very thin and was very weak. If you are expecting a horror film, this one has you covered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't believe the plot was there. The only reason I cared about this film is the plot, but even that has nothing to do with the film itself. The movie just looks cheap, but it doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have seen a movie with two people. You don't like seeing two people in one movie. You like seeing lots of people. But this movie is boring. You can tell when they are bored.  This movie is so predictable. You just don't care. You are too focused on the movie and on the plot and the script, and it is not that great. The movie is slow and boring. I am surprised at how few people thought this was going to be a comedy. I think it was a mistake that only lasted 10 minutes, but at times they were pretty boring, but the humor, plot, and writing are poor and very predictable.  In fact, I have a huge problem with this movie's premise. There is a small number of people that thinks this is a comedy at all, but it only really succeeded in getting my attention. And, in fact, they were completely uninteresting people in their own right, but none of them were really funny or funny. That's it. I liked the characters, but they all seemed like they weren't. And I thought everyone was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only bad thing in this film is its production value. The only film I saw with such a purpose is "Piggy's Revenge". The plot is pathetic to the extreme.  I watched this film in 1993. The story is a waste of nothing and the actors are, by far, the worst in the world. The writing is bad. It's not even a waste-of-time movie. The script is bad, but this was the kind of film that made a small child's life an empty joke. It would have been nice if it had been made in the 70s, but it didn't make a child's head explode.  If you are a parent with a small kid and you have seen this film then it's time to put the remote down on the table and get out the tape. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great idea in the first film I saw is the acting of the actor playing a killer in the film, and he plays him in the same way that he played in other films and plays the detective. However, the murders in the previous films do not match with the murders of the two main characters. The murders in "Gone With The Wind" (1987), however, match the murders that occur in the movie. The killer and the detective are of course played by the same actor, except the detective is actually more like the main character in "Rain Man" (1991). The scenes are boring and the story is poorly-written. The film has poor production quality, but it is a cheap way to get "GONE WITH THE WIND" or "DRAMA" out of you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot lines were weak and the characters were weak, but the characters had no characters at all, and neither were they all weak. There were several character flaws and two love triangles and a few supporting characters that were very bad characters. If you liked the characters and loved to hate them, you'd hate the main characters because they were very weak and would like to see them fail. The supporting character was not particularly bad and the movie was so very slow...and you don't even get to hate the stupid plot and the main character of every main character because they didn't really exist in real life. The only real problem with this movie is the fact that it is terrible and boring, but you get to dislike every character and hate every character in the movie and hate them. I'm sorry to see that everyone is so shallow and all characters are bad and they have no character at all and you only hate them because they have characters and you are very shallow...because you don;t really think they have character because of the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of my worst regrets when I heard that there was an American remake of this film. The casting was really awful and they were absolutely terrible! The music was awful and I couldn't understand the lyrics, they were supposed to be so unintelligent, but the script was terrible and the musical score was horrible and the dialogs were terrible. There's no plot, the dialog is terrible and a lot of the dialogue seemed to have been improvised. It's not that good. I didn't like the music and the choreography. It was way too long. It took about 10 seconds from beginning to end. So that, for all intents and purposes, it's the longest I have ever seen it.  The music is terrible. And the plot was not that terrible.  I was really hoping the dialogue was going to be bad. That was terrible. Not that boring. But you would have to have a pretty thick skin to get through it. It is one of those films I never heard of before. It had all the usual clichés I expect from a sitcom.  A really bad movie. It didn't have any of the really bad acting and the actors were not the most annoying. That said it is a sad movie with a very bad actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of this film and I cannot think of any movie that was created by Mr. Lynch. But this was not one of the movies most annoying "Gee I don't understand why this is such a great idea" or of any great movie about man's search for the meaning of life.  This one is just bad. But that is only the beginning of a bad film. And I can't even tell what the director is thinking when he said that the director didn't realize that he had to get out. It was too long. It has a couple of really bad performances (with only a very bad actor to try and convince me). It's so poorly filmed that you could have filmed this in a high school in the 80's instead of in the '70's. But the only real "problem" with the movie is that the dialogue seemed artificial. There is absolutely no problem with the characters and the actors seemed to have done so poorly and the only reason they gave for "making it so bad" is the bad script and the stupid scriptwriter said the director was "so bad". I had to watch this and I was not impressed by it.   I'd just like to know when I saw this movie I would be rewarded, but it doesn't do anything for me.  I think it would have been better if the man was a moron instead of the computer. But then I had the pleasure of watching this and saw how low budget and amateur I was and had a terrible headache, but in the end I was more impressed than I was disappointed. But in all cases the "moron" would have spoken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters were bad and the plot were so predictable.  I have to say, they were awful to the point of being horrible. You had to believe you were going to be in an ice cream factory or working in a bakery in the next few minutes.  But in a movie like "Dog Bite Dog", it's the characters who were the worst and it's a bit predictable that the story lines were the most predictable and the story is, but the acting is what's most important. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this movie is made with a team of actors who were either the acting teachers, the administrators, or the parents of the students. Unfortunately, it is the story which keeps the audience watching. It is the movie which keeps you wondering if you're being watched or being taught. I only saw it last weekend. It's a horrible mess. I know this movie from a couple of years ago when the teacher was teaching the kids to be respectful of each other and they just wanted to be able to say that I don't think that they had much of a problem in the first place. The only reason I would say this was a terrible film is that it is just a huge waste of time. I hope I didn't waste much time. It also makes you sad that this film was written by a teacher. If you're a fan of low budget films then it's your movie to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is atrociously bad - I mean seriously, really - atrocious - I didn't really know. But a man can only hope that a movie has a real purpose; that's what they all said. But the movie doesn't have a purpose. It's like, "Hey guys, watch this because of all of the violence, rape, decapitation and cannibalism." The film contains a shocking graphic rape scene in which an old woman's breasts are sliced off and her legs are chopped off - which is why this is such a b****d piece of garbage. It is disgusting. There are scenes of cannibalism that could be disturbing, but only on a low level - but only for a woman whose life depends on her breasts to produce milk for a lactating man to drink, so what?  However, if you are a fan of gore (or cannibalism), you have to be a fan, but you don't have to believe it. No real purpose. No point.  So, there you go. I think I was born in an old age and this is the type of film that we should be discussing for our entire lives - except, we really don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was obviously a parody of the original films and had nothing to do with the original title. And I believe the movie is actually one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I mean, the guy who wrote this script did the same thing, but he was not funny, but the movie itself was. But this movie didn't. It was bad!  The whole premise was that the guy has no sense of humor, he has no ability to put any type of effort into his movie. It is so bad and un-enjoyable that the movie will make you want to spit. It sucks for almost every time I've ever seen it.  If you want a movie that doesn't, avoid this movie and watch a low-budget horror movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to make a bad joke is to try to be funny or creative; but if you really want to be that way, don't bother. It.  The movie has a rather bizarre plot, but I don't think it's actually interesting to watch.  But if you're looking for an entertaining, non-spoil comedy with bad characters, like I am, you're going to have to go to another movie.  I didn't like this movie and I didn"t want it to be my last movie of its type to show me that I had indeed made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bit different than most of the B list, but this film is not exactly the worst of the films.  I give this film a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this picture the other day and laughed and thought it was absolutely hilarious. I hope it was!  And I think that the acting is bad and the story is bad or should be so. My wife said that the actors were so wooden. I thought that this was a comedy about a man who falls for a woman in a bar. That's what makes this so annoying.  In my opinion, it was so bad that the joke was simply an act of self interest. The story is terrible, but they had to be kidding. My advice to men is don't waste your money on this unless you are really trying to be funny. This movie is really slow and boring. I give this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe what the script says, but I also can't stop reading and watching. I gave this one a 1.    My wife and I really hated "The Dead" so we bought this. It to be watched as a joke. I can only imagine what "The Grudge" would have looked like if it were a film that had a bunch of people running around naked (I mean, I didn't see any nudity). It made me angry and annoyed. I'm sure the actors could have made this as a bad film, but the jokes were stupid (and I'm sorry, I'm Canadian). I gave the film a 1 for the acting. That was the only way I could think of giving this film a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man falls out of a helicopter and into a jungle, the jungle gets burned down. The director doesn't know that these fires are not natural. He just knows that if the filmmakers didn't know what he was doing.  The man runs into an enormous fire. He runs around in the jungle for a day and a half. He meets a group of natives who are just standing around having fun. The man is so desperate that he tries to fight with an old native. He's a total fool.  But when the natives see him standing there, they don't get a chance. But they are in the wrong, it's all in one fell swoop, and the natives run around in a circle screaming like a school bully. This movie is the worst. In the wrong direction. The actors are poorly acted. The production values are low and the cinematography is atrocious.   A huge pile of money gets dumped on the people who made this movie and are in a mental institution. They have to stay in there until the money runs out.  This movie's the worst film ever and has the worst script I've ever seen. They can be forgiven for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the previous trailers for this film had very few of the plot. The director did not mention the name of the film at all.  There's no real plot.  The story is as thin as a sheet of paper. The movie takes itself too seriously with a predictable plot and an overall lack of substance.  One particular scene with a really bad ending is the worst. The problem with this film is it wants to be taken seriously and it's really terrible. Some of you are going to hate this film and there's no reason for that. If you want to see a film you should see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only film I've ever seen that was obviously directed by people who actually knew what to do with the material, but I have seen every other film I could find in the year 2008 and never saw a film of this. If I had known what to look for, I would have known it was the sort of film made for an average, and this is clearly the film that was made for no particular reason. It's about as much as can be, but it's so transparently and idiotic. It does not deserve to be in the worst place in the world, but the writing is awful, and so was the acting in some of the movies. This film would be a lot better than any stupid movie made with bad plot. And the worst part about it is when the story of a woman who just found out she was pregnant, but her boyfriend's response is beyond reproach. And no way in hell did the writing even come close to that of the previous movies. I thought the worst aspect of this film was a disaster because I am a woman, but if you are expecting a disaster film, do yourself a favor and don't. Don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe that this is not the kind of movie that I would have paid a lot of money to see anyway. I'm sure it is at least the kind that would interest me. I had to turn it off when it came on.  The other film that has an important story and a character that is a caricature of a typical Asian (or Arab) man is "Unstoppable".  It would have been a great feature of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has a good cast and it's a good movie.  A total of two or three people die at the end of the film, except for the killer. I've seen a lot of movies where someone dies and I'm not a big fan of it. But this is a bad film where someone else dies. However, it's been done before, it'll be done again.  The plot is weak in "Silent Hill" and this is more like "The Walking Dead" in that sense. But that's the only way it's not a "Silence Hill" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sure you saw the movie about a couple of Russian soldiers trying to get a helicopter to escape to another country where the Russians had a good chance of winning the war. The main Russian actor is also Russian, but he's a foreigner with Russian accent (from the North Caucasus region) with a Russian accent.  I know, this sounds very "Russian", but, it's a "Russian" film with a story about a Russian who has a Ukrainian accent. It has no storyline, so you are going to think, it is only for Russians.  There are two main actors: a Russian guy who is a soldier (who speaks with Ukrainian accent), and a Russian woman who is also a soldier, but she's also a Russian-speaking foreigner.  The plot in this film is weak, and it's also an amateurishly scripted, in the manner that is common in Russian films. It's a shame to see so many Russian actors playing Russians. A Ukrainian-speaking Russian woman, who doesn't speak Ukrainian, who does a number of things that the other Russian actors do with only an accent. This film is really a joke for Russians, but it's one joke only, and the jokes have only one joke, but you can think of this as a real joke for Ukrainians too.  This film also has one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. You can say "I did not like it because it is Russian, as others have stated on other websites. There is no reason to waste your time. I am going to say, it didn't make any sense to me. It is a joke only for Ukrainians, but I have no reason at all to like it.   The only reason I can give this movie a 2 out of 10, and even then only for the fact that this film could have been made during the Soviet Union days. No, it really sucks as the Russian film "The Motherland" is so much better than "Armenia" is. This is a Russian film.  What I think, however, is even worse than that. It was written in the Soviet language and produced in the Russian speaking community, as this film wasn't produced in Armenian. The only thing I would like to see corrected is for the film to be released as a "film" in Russian. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pity to know the difference between a story that goes on and the movie that tells the story. If there is a movie called "A Beautiful Summer" it could be a comedy of the summer in general, but the movie has no purpose or idea, the story is stupid, the acting is uninteresting and the characters are not dull.  This movie is a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made. It was a shame of its incompetence.   My vote goes to the worst film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is very predictable. I had never seen this before because of its predictable plot and the way it did its best in a 2-person comedy.  There are a lot of scenes where two people in the theater are crying. The actors in the story are very wooden and the film is poorly made. This movie was awful and is bad, but only to the extent that the rest of the movie was. The plot is the worst part of the film. The story line is so terrible.  The only good point of the picture in the entire film is when the two main characters sit down in a movie theatre, it's like sitting down with your head pressed to the back and you feel as if your heart just stopped beating. There is no point of interest except maybe that it is so extremely dull and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews from the movie and saw that the main character was a young, ambitious man. He was in search for his best friend. He didn't have much hope of finding the man she loved who had never been seen since his death. But even he knew what was going to happen to her, but she could never understand why. She was so desperate for the man to save her, to put her in a hospital where her friend's life would be saved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when we read the movie the title of "Lights Out: Demon Haunted" says the demon's father was killed in a car accident at a local farm by his brother, the demon was supposed to have possessed his brother. He told his brother that he had possessed the demon. The demon had then killed his brother before returning to its human host. After several scenes, the story had changed to the point where the demon had possessed its human hosts to gain its powers. However, the human hosts still retained the power to kill its human victims, and the host possessed the power not to kill victims. The human host possessed great demonic powers over darkness and life.  I just found that the human host was killed by a demon possessed by its human-host. I had to stop the demon-host from killing the human-child to save the child, but the demon couldn't gain complete control over its host either. His body dissolved into liquid and became one with the host's body, but it still wasn't alive, it was dead.  And when he tried to control his host, the host would die, but that would only make the host stronger. When a human-demon hybrid was killed, the hybrid would die. However he had to be killed himself, but he didn't have to kill the host. He still had to kill his human host and his human-human hybrid. The host had the ability to give the host body a third-dimension dimension. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is so wooden, so I guess I could put my foot in the mouth and yell, "What the hell am I supposed to do?!" It it!  I love movies-making and I hate watching people who make movies about movies-maker-art and people who are not movie-makers (I just saw this movie because it is so bad) and I love to say that the movie isn't art, but it isn't, but I do so love the plot (but I don't really know what it is). But the thing I dislike about it is how it plays like a "commercial" and it tries to act like a movie. But the movie itself is not a commercial, but a movie-in-movie with a bunch of characters whose personalities are different and have a bunch more characters to work with. And when it tries it doesn't even try to be. It just tries to be as it was made in 1979.  The only problem I had with it was this one thing that is totally not worth seeing (though it should be). However, the movie could have been made in the same time and in the movie was not a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this movie three stars, but I still thought it was in dire need of repair.  The movie is so poorly written that I was left thinking I was the main character. It  This is the kind of movie that would not have been made in 1969. It would have been even more obviously written. It's an extremely depressing movie.  It's also one of those "so bad!" films. The writing is really bad and the script is so unclear, the characters are so unconvincing, the acting is so bad and there's something wrong with the script and sound design. I had read this before. But, in short, I'm sorry I read it. It wasn't that I didn't have to write anything. I can only assume that this was a movie that was made on a budget because of the money and time I've invested into this movie. It was a very dull film that should have been a waste of time. I just think it was awful. It had to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie one star or better is the fact that it was the movie of the worst of the movie I've ever seen and the guy got so big that he had to be on the back of the bus in an orange shirt before the bus was even on its last legs (that was, in my opinion, the only way he could get to sleep, but at that point the movie was already over, so it's really bad) and it was really too big (it was like when someone makes a horror movie for the first time, but it just seemed to go on forever and then it starts getting boring.  I think it was better to let this movie get into the public eye and let everyone see how big he really was.  The cast had some great performances and some terrible acting (all of which was a bad joke, but the guy was one of those who got so much exposure when they had the audacity to be as "real" people). It didn't get dull to bad and they should have had their awards, but they were two of the few who really put any effort into their acting or character development.  There were some parts of this movie that were simply horrible and just didn't come to life as people started saying "I wish this movie were more interesting". The film is just boring, the music was terrible and the ending sucked because the characters acted like people who would do this (but the music sucked too). It's sad that they made such a big deal out of this crap. I mean, why would anyone waste their time on it in this form when they could have done the same with the original "Aliens" which made so much money and had some good music videos for years to come? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's so terrible? It's a real disaster, but not one I've seen since I'm a teenager. If it's a horror movie, and not a comedy one. There's nothing to get excited about! You need to see this movie to realize that it's actually one of those awful B movies that make movies as if they were actually actors. Not a joke comedy one, but it's not funny! In fact it was, but I was afraid that if I saw this, I'd have to stay away from the horror.  The only one who could stand up to this guy in terms of entertainment would be a guy who's got a sense of humor at least. He had a sense. A sense? If I had the money, I would have saved half of my life in the past 6 years of my lives. There was no reason not to like this movie. If you're like me, if you hate this movie at all, you hate yourself, but your only hope is that the movie hadn't been made in 3 days, and he hadn't made it in 3 weeks. If the movie wasn't, you should probably see this anyway.  I'm not the biggest fan of this movie, but if you're expecting a comedy film, this one could have been one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But if you are expecting a horror one, you're in for a treat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is the problem I already faced as I watched the film: I couldn't believe I spent my time watching this movie. Ingrid Bergman makes a cameo appearance, but the movie is at its most unspoiled. This is a shame for the worst of the worst. The only reason the movie failed is that they used a black man, but this isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is uninteresting, the plot is intriguing, and the movie is about a young Japanese teenager who goes on an adventure to rescue her boyfriend from a desert island paradise. The dialog is uninspired by the dialogues and the character development is also uninspired. If you want to see something else, check out The Perfection of Everything (1980). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of the movie and wanted to see it again when I rented it. The film was released in late 2008 and the movie looks like a huge disaster because of the events that surrounded it. I gave the film a low grade. I had a couple of friends that I knew that loved the movie. I went to the screening of this movie on Friday afternoon and was very disappointed. It's not a terrible movie for an A-movie film. I feel for a man that can't understand. I've been told that he should understand it. In many parts the story is unclear and ambiguous at times we never feel like we've been there.  I'm a huge believer in the idea of making something new. It wasn't a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the heck are they trying to be? They're so obviously trying to make a joke about making a joke, but only making a comment when the joke was just too offensive, but then they went on a rampage of slaughter to destroy it. What a terrible movie, but a waste of time to be.  It's a good thing, but there's no way I can get it if I want it to be "so bad" as I am told it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is in the same bad movie style as the book. It does not work on a budget.  The story is not good. The movie, the story, the characters are not dull, and the movie does not drag down your movie experience. The worst movie in the world is this one. You just need to see it. You can even rent it to see if you really want. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to watch this movie - if it was. If so, I can tell you without a doubt that it's just a very small comedy mistake.  I'm looking forward to a remake, but there's little that's funny. Unfortunately, when I say a lot it's funny and there's nothing I can say that's not. Unfortunately they need to do a little bit more to make this movie worthwhile. There are several things I could tell you: there was no sex, no swearing, and no nudity. There's the usual number of jokes in the movie and the character is annoying.  The worst I can do is to say that this was a very low budget, low budget movie. But if you're expecting a comedy comedy, which is not funny, then there was absolutely nothing funny in it. The only joke I had was the kind of joke you're supposed to be laughing at.  It's like when the guy in "Cocktails" is doing a joke about a guy, who gets topless in a restaurant with his friends, because they're drunk and then they're trying to get a cab. "Cocker" is so bad and funny, but that only works because it's made in a very unfunny movie (it's not). It's not funny at all - if you can get past that, then you'll enjoy the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so incredibly poorly-made, it's one of those "Lone Wolf" type movies, but it's just so poorly-edited and the songs are so amateur and I thought it was so bad. The only problem I had with it was how it ended.  What is this supposed to be? I don't think I've ever watched one of these movies before. The actors didn't fit the plot. The whole movie was so obviously a bunch of retarded, uncut and uninteresting idiots. You could really tell what was going on.  I am one of the few people who's ever heard of this film. It's absolutely one of its type. This is only the worst thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only like to waste my time. I only watch this movie because I couldn't believe it wasn't that movie about life on Earth.  I think this movie will bring some happiness to the life of the main character, but it doesn't work. I just think it is a waste of time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie is just one big bad movie, but it's nothing like this. But the movie's terrible acting. The script is absolutely terrible and the storyline is simply bad. The story in general is completely predictable and the characters are completely cardboard. All these scenes were pretty bad because they got cut in half the same way as a half of an egg. The dialogue is terrible, at times, quite plain. All in all, the movie looked like a bunch of first rate movies, but nothing about the actual movie was actually good. But what about the story? That could be, but the plot was one of the worst movies I have ever ever seen.  The story, to me, was nothing. A half.  You should see this movie before renting this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel, "A-Team", is a remake of a very bad TV series, which I can only imagine had the slightest bit of creativity, but it, but with the same old "Giant" man, but now with less "Giants" man and more "Gants". And with less new "G giants" man in the original movie, you don't have to wait long for the original "G" man to come back, but that's the only reason why you might enjoy this sequel.  "The Giant Man" is just an excuse to make fun of this movie.  This was the one-and-only mistake I've ever made while watching a "G-man" movie, but this was nothing I haven't been accused of. The film is just about giant man and the TV series is just a big joke.  The other mistake was that the production was so horrible, but I don't know why, but the original series is boring. I would have expected more laughs from this film, but by the time I was 5 years old, this has been the most annoying one I've seen all day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film-making and the film-going public would have been better served by watching this film over and over again. The original "Holes" is a satire of this film, but the comedy works on a different level than the satire. The film has a certain sense of humor, but it is hard to watch the film without completely understanding the underlying issues.  In conclusion: I recommend this film to anyone who has a deep need to hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a young girl who had come to my school to learn the truth. She was really bored, she was not. She went into the library and looked up "The Invisible Man" and found it listed in "Worst Film." The Invisible Man was really just one of several invisible ghosts that haunted the museum, the other was the Invisible Man himself, which was not that good.    The Invisible Men were really just ghost ghosts that inhabited various parts of the museum. The Invisible man is just really, really annoying, really, REALLY bad. Really.  There are some really bad acting and some bad lighting. They make really poor, but not bad like some of the other, stupidly bad-edited films I've seen. But I do recommend avoiding this one if you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the Matrix, watch the first one to the year 2000. The story lines of the movie are good and the movie looks to have gotten better since then. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, but I can see that if it hadn't been made in the late-1980s, it could have been a masterpiece.  The movie starts in a small town in northern Mexico and goes to a small, poor neighborhood in the U.S.I could see the pain of being in this neighborhood, but the pain doesn't show up on the screen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that in the past 10 years the filmmakers decided to make this a movie for the Christmas film. I think the movie makers should at least try and make it a little bit better. But this was just an accident. It was a bit annoying. I mean, look at the title of this movie: Christmas! That is the name for the whole movie, but that wasn't the movie. There were plenty of mistakes I thought could have been corrected: no dialogue was written with actual words, no special effects, bad directing was poor, the soundtrack was bad, the acting was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is full of terrible looking and gory. If you don't like it, you might like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that it's a film with two young boys. The story begins when one of them is taken by an unknown entity who seems to possess some kind of magical power. It It It it It. This is what happens. It's what happened. The problem becomes when the boys realize they are possessed by something they don't understand. They need to get some help. The boys, in the meantime, learn about their strange abilities and they see a movie where two of the boys, one of whom, is killed by a strange entity.  The story and the ending are pretty much the same thing. But the problem is, there is no magic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a film fan myself and as someone who was very disappointed with how many other films I have seen from the early years, the film seemed to be a collection of "good" films. I am a true film lover, but the film has a rather poor and unsatisfying pedigree: the photography is the worst thing and the actors are of the same calibre, but I don't think that anybody has done much to bring film "art" back from "art," and the film is simply not as good as the "art." The "art film" is a poor film, not one to be viewed with friends. I give this film a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the film I liked. It was so predictable, but I was surprised by the music. I don't care for anything so much. I just really hated this movie. I thought the songs were better than the movie, but that was a load of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity that this movie is not very dull and has to be on DVD.  My vote is 1 star and my vote is 0.  The original version of this movie was a decent film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave it one of the worst film I've ever seen. This isn't a masterpiece because I've never seen the movie, but it's a disaster waiting to happen.  The director's last attempt before this was "In The Beginning." "In the Beginning" is a disaster for cinema, but that's about a catastrophe so great and massive that it wipes out entire cities. If you are expecting something like "The Devil's Revenge," you will probably be disappointed. The two main actors are two of the most awful actors I've seen. They are both in the worst movie I've had the displeasure of seeing, but they have a total lack of talent in their roles and it's not the kind of movie you could find in your local video store.  "In "Invisible Man," they had a totally different script, but in both cases the movie is so unbelievably dull. The script is predictable, the direction is not bad. You may even find yourself looking forward to watching it without even realizing it. I did.  It's really hard to believe what they say about "In Invisible Man," but you have to give the people who made this disaster the benefit of the doubt and think twice before making the same mistake twice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the first time I thought to myself that this movie would have been at least a bit of a mistake. In the same sense I did not believe that the script was poor, but rather the characters were. But it was one of those movies that made me want to smack the guy who played him so hard. But then, the guy playing him was really weak, but he was a guy that played the guy very well, but a guy who plays a guy and a girl that are not one and the same? What the hell is that? The premise was really stupid and you had to do what you could. It wasn't until this movie came out, it was the movie I hoped it would never be.  That's not the only problem with this movie. It's just not worth the time of a day to see this movie because, by the end, I was just so numb to the idea of the two kids playing together. The problem with that, and the thing about the girl who played the girl so well, I'm still trying to wrap my head around it. I'm only a 14 year old girl myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is the kind of movie you can't even rent if you are a regular.  But the movie itself is boring. But then it was boring and not that it was a good movie in itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's title - and the fact that the title's been used to promote this film - is one of the many bizarre films that never comes close to capturing the feeling of terror that the movie's been built up in. If you're expecting the original "Silent House" and its first two films - "Cinema: A Love Story" and "The House That Dripped Blood". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and the humor is weak (but then again the humor has gotten to me before).  The only reason I gave this a 2 because it could only be good for a comedy that was very weak, but it because it had the biggest name, but I did agree that it had very few laughs because it was an action movie instead of a comedy movie, but then again this is not very funny.  The premise is very thin in the novel and very thin for the movie.  A very bad movie is when two of the main characters decide to try to kill each other to make up for the lack of humor and a very bad plot (and a lot of action) the movie provides.   In conclusion I would strongly recommend this movie for anyone who is tired of making comedies with the biggest names who have no sense, or any comedy at all and not for those who have already made enough films to last a lifetime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised I had a chance to watch this movie. I had to say "well I didn't." The premise seemed to be a bit weak and this movie was a bunch of trash from "Beverly Hills Cop" or "Roadhouse", but only because of its limited budget and "Derek", the director and writer.  The "Bewitched" series was not very good, but neither was it a waste of time. I gave this movie an "X" for its poor production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the biggest problem, but was the only movie that had its problems.  "The main reason we watched this movie," the reviewer said, "was the name of the movie's main character, an immigrant who was in the country illegally. When the main character gets a job in a factory, we're led to believe that his name is spelled with a capital letter, and then we're not given any context for this situation. But this was a waste of a bad film and a waste about an immigrant factory. The reviewer said he felt that the film was not in the same league as others who went to the factories or the factory's cafeteria.  There are times when the reviewer feels he can criticize the movie and its characters, and I don't know if the movie ever was.  If you plan on seeing this movie, avoid this at all costs, but if you do want to see it, please don't.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of horror film (if you want to), this movie should appeal to you.  My vote: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Producers" ("The Prodromos", "The Production", "Production"), and the Directors ("Dario Argento", "Gia Cohen", "Elisabetta Schiavini", "Leonardo Sartaini", "Matteo Gianni", "Luciano Boni", and "Antoni Fioretti", "Rafael D'Antonio", "Michelangelo Antonioni", etc.), and the actors ("Leonardo Dicaprio", "Paz Vega", "Cristina Sartan", "Alain Delon", "Daniel Kudisch", "Mia Jónin", "Michael O'Shea")  "This film is absolutely terrible and unfunny: no plot, no dialog, but nothing. But why did they bother? The story could have been so much better. It was a terrible waste of time for a bunch of kids to sit through this crap and see what they would have been through had they grown up to be 18 and were only allowed to see this in their native country. The acting was bad, but the humor is worse and this film was not. This is a terrible film to the point that the dialogue should be banned in its entirety from being made.   "I was so bored with this, I decided to write a film about this garbage. It's a waste of money in comparison to "Dog Days". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not an ordinary film. It's not just a "bad movie" but a "b" movie.  It's a B movie. However it's not a bad film. The acting is poor, but they just look like actors. They try really hard with a lot of bad actors who were not able to act anymore. They look really out of place and the story itself is poor and they just do a decent job.   The movie was "bad". The story has a lot better focus than the actors.  The story is predictable and the music is bland. They did a decent amount and if you're looking for a B film about a band who play in a band together and they really got into a big hit as they played in a bigger band together in a more open environment which makes the music better than anything and there's no sex in the movie because the band were really bad and I swear it was really one big "b". They did an okay job. The script was bland and the direction is okay. You'd rather not have them look like they're going to turn into a group of losers. The music was okay and I was hoping they'd make one "big mistake" and suddenly become as big as the biggest band in existence because they're not doing that well with this.  I also really liked "The Prodigy" with "Nothing In Common". But the music was not in their style of doing this and the bands were not in the same place as they were in the 80's. But the songs were bad songs because they were bad.  That's all it is.  So don't bother me anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought there was a lot of jokes in it. I think it's pretty much less predictable and predictable. However it isn't funny or amusing. I'm a big fan of films with low budget production and funny dialog. The problem is the budget is so low and the writing is so boring, boring and unbelievable. The budget has to be spent on costumes, sets and locations. It's hard to believe a huge amount of money was spent on making this film. The dialog is by far the worst thing about this film I've seen in a long time. This film would have been an exception to the bad movie I've ever seen. I can't express my anger over this film when the dialog is actually a bad and unbelievable thing but the dialogue was, by far, the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so awful. But I didn't understand why. The movie got such a poor name. It Was The Movie That Will Die. But at the time this was The Movie To Die For. I'm sorry.  The title of this movie is, "The End Of The Movie." But the thing that got me going was the part where the girl was getting stabbed by the guy with the big stick in the movie. But the guy was so cool. But not so much.  But I'm not complaining, but it wasn't that great. So let's all have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the "American Idol" show. It's got a great cast, the judges are terrible and they're awful.  The movie is awful and stupid! I don't want it to be so. A few of the writers of the show go on to do something interesting and creative with their lives. But the rest of us are going to go sit in the corner of a darkened theater, shut our eyes, put up with this trainwreck. The writing and acting are atrocious and the acting of the female characters are also atrocious. I think they should hire a couple of actors who can act! The script has a lot of promise and it's all a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with the fact that this movie was the worst movie ever made. It's just my guess why the producers didn't release this movie for free.  The film does not tell you that the movie is from the first of the four movies series. But this was by far the worst of the trilogy and is not to be considered the worst film ever made for cinema.  I'd suggest you rent this movie today for your time-sensitive and limited time only if you have no other use for your precious time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the film, the father, uncle and three of the four "kids" are locked in a cabin at the local ski resort. In an act of pure "happiest" madness, the eldest brother decides to "ride" a snowboard to an insane ski resort in the middle of nowhere.  So far, the "family" has been locked in this cabin for 4 days and one "kid" has locked himself in there for 10 days.   The only time "family members" have been locked out is when the "kids' friends" find the cabin, lock them in, and kill them. If you're hoping to escape, don't try to escape your friends!  If you love a good movie, you may want to rent the original film instead! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was made to promote the idea that people who believed their own country to be "Great" could not have been in the same country as the "Great". It is a shame that people in different countries have different names and in different dialects.  The problem is that people do not know any difference between "Great", "Greater" and "Greatest". That is the main difference between the English name and "English", "French" and other foreign names.  People are not stupid enough to call this "disaster" what it really is.  But it is certainly a huge insult to the intelligence of a group of people who just do not get it.  This is not the only movie where a person is insulted by a name that has been used repeatedly throughout history. There is absolutely no point in watching this until you have a very basic understanding of the situation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, that's about. But this really is the worst movie ever in this franchise. I couldn't stop it! It was terrible. I mean, if this were really terrible movie and someone had been burned alive, it might have been a comedy. I guess it could have been worse, but that would be a whole lot worse than the bad script. I don't know if the script is horrible, but the acting is worse, if you don't like it, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a mystery at the end of each of the eight films, and the main character is so called a "dumb" and "cunning". But the film lacks the originality of the novel itself. However, he may not have been a total fan of the film, but rather, he wanted a copy of it anyway.  He could have had it because the film was so "awful", but he could have gotten a copy before he signed up for the worst movie of his life. His final film was "the best one I've ever seen" and his last film was the "worst one" he's ever seen. And the worst film I've seen was "The Man In The Mirror" and its a "horror" film I'll ever see.  This film is just an attempt to make a low budget film. It is the worst I've come across, but this has the worst effects of any terrible film I have ever seen in my life. The actors are terrible and the acting is terrible. I will never see a film from this writer ever again in my lifetime. If you have any clue how he got the worst reviews, then you must be an idiot. And he's not even a fan of horror films, but he's a complete and utter fan of bad writing and dialogue. It's a shame that it cost $7.50 to see it, but I'm glad he never wrote a novel.  The film makers should have stopped making movies for people who don't have the brain cell to understand what really happened to the main characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a female character who is being stalked and raped by a serial killer (whom the police believe to be connected to the rapist), and the rapist who is on the loose.  The story is based on a series of killings of several people by a man named John, who is working for the local sheriff. The sheriff is also stalked by a psychopath and who murders some of his colleagues, and who decides to track him down. John is a murderer who is responsible for some of the killings and rapes and uses his powers to commit even more. The story, as it so often does, is very poor at times in both the writing and directing. It is in most cases a very poor, poor film.  John goes to work on some farm and sees some women in his office that he suspects to be his clients.  I watched this film because I felt sorry for this man because he knows too much and is too trusting. The rapist who was on the run is completely out of control, and as he is, he ends up getting himself arrested and tried before the police for this crime. I can imagine John running to the police and saying "I was going to rape another woman and kill her, but I think I will just leave this guy to rot while the cops find another one. And it is in poor taste, and John doesn't even know what he's doing, but he doesn't seem to know what the police are going to find.  All in all, though this film was made in a bad way and it only cost me 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the first film of the film, which I was too young to remember, was this, because it was "so bad". The movie is made in the style of an English movie, but there is only one scene that I can remember. The film is a bore to watch.  However, this movie had little merit, but the film still had no real value. In conclusion, I felt cheated out of seeing this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is really OK, but there are some parts that are OK, like the guy's face which looks like a cartoon. I was really hoping that the guy and his girlfriend decided to get married (and to have a baby). The script is OK, and there's a bunch of jokes and one of the worst scenes in my life, but most of this film is completely uninvolving and totally unassuming. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so full of pointless errors.  The characters seem to have the ability to magically fly through walls of text.  This movie is a joke about how stupid, if you want to watch this, you will have to turn the channel off.  Some people may even say that this is an attempt at humor, but it doesn't seem to work. Some people said that they didn't like it, and the movie is actually about a guy who has a date for his girlfriend.  I thought it had the potential for any sort of originality that I had ever seen.   It's just an ordinary joke about stupid, overrated movies about a stupid date. There are no plot, but there is a lot of wasted time spent in useless trivia about bad dates. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film itself is what the problem is. It's not. But the problem becomes really serious when one of the main actors dies. But if the main actor dies, then it becomes fatal when one dies. I'm not sure where exactly the problem lies. But one thing I did not consider was that the problem isn't serious when the main character dies. It is serious when it comes to the problems of the dying man and his sister. It doesn't make any sense. It becomes more like an exercise in making the main characters into cartoon stereotypes. And the two main actors played by Dan and Mark were cartoon stereotypes, and in a cartoon. So they couldn't be the main problem when their death happened because of a bad script. There is no point in making them funny because they were caricatures of real people, but at the end of the day it's only a waste of time.  There are no plot, and the dialogue wasn't bad because they said they should have been the main theme of this film. It really sucked, but it wasn't the best.  And this was the movie that made me hate comedy films. The two main things I hated were when they said the main man dies before the main woman dies. That's a joke I found most offensive.  The problem I hated most was when they say the main guy died before the other main guy.  If the main men die the problems get solved, but the problem gets resolved when the two major men die together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was directed by Paul Verhoeven. He was so very disappointed with the film. A lot of his friends commented on the movie to say it was his movie. It It's It's it's It It is It's.  The title is it's The Unnamed Character in Unnamed, a movie made by Paz Vega, is Unnamed for the writer/director. The first thing Verhoelder says he saw this film was in a college class, and the teacher told the class that it was Verhoevell's idea. But, it's Verhoeve's idea of a failed film: a film that has no purpose whatsoever.  I have only seen it once, but that was only because Paz and the director were both extremely disappointing, but the story had none of the plot that I expected. The movie had no substance and the ending could have been worse.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is, unfortunately, the only reason to watch this movie is for the music videos. However, the songs are very unevenly played on each occasion. Unfortunately, the story is one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life, and the music video for 'My Peanuts' is an amazing experience. There is one song in the entire movie that is worth watching.  My Peanuts is a series of books, although they are not that good, but the whole premise of the books is quite interesting. I give 'My Stupid Name' 3.  This film has absolutely no redeeming qualities, but in a way it's so unfathomable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But for those who love the movie, this movie is so very, very boring and predictable. Unfortunately, this is all for the movie and if you're a fan of that movie, you're going to hate this as an insult.  All in all, the film was bad. It had bad script, bad acting, poor writing, horrible writing, bad script... and the worst thing about this movie was the movie's script. No plot, no plot, nothing... but poor movie...  I have to give it credit because the script is by one of the worst directors I've ever seen... or so says the person writing the review, but you could have said the same about the rest of the movie.  The whole movie was a very big waste of time. It is a pity they didn't waste it on the "Holes" or the "B" films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that the script was bad and that the story was a terrible mistake. It, the story, it was a mistake and the script could only be changed. But the movie didn't make a mistake, but they made a mistake. The writing was a real mistake, it wasn't a mistake when the film was bad or the story were a mistake since they were parts of the same movie.  The problem with this mistake is that the director said it was his movie and he wasn't even good as a director. He wasn't good like most of the other directors like Wes Craven or the late Robert Downey Jr.  But it is a mistake for that. It makes one question everything we have ever said and does everything it can to try to make us think the writer was some good at writing. It just tries to make the writing a mistake we haven't even thought about before.  As to the characters, there were many mistakes in this movie. You can tell that at times the writer really tried to write a story for himself. It tries to say a joke every two seconds.  It only made me question it's own story. But it could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well-done horror movies: this isn't a film that just happens to be so bad, and the actors in the movie are so average.  What makes this one so unbelievably bad. The acting is so horrid and the costumes are so hideous and the acting is the worst of all.   I just saw it and was very impressed. My wife and I, on the other hand, had to get used to this being an insult to the genre and not in some great fashion, but just the fact that it's a horror film with a lot of gore and violence, but with so much of the worst and the most of the worse (butchery, torture, rape, incest, cannibalism) there were just a lot less of the things that were "nothing".  The plot is extremely unclear, and is the only thing that really matters when it comes to the acting.  This is a film I give no credit to, but would still rate the film lower than a real gorefest and cannibal movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a man who decides he needs to leave a village. A man is a man and his wife is a woman.  The film is directed by Fred Schepisi. He's the man who has been living his life in the village and who has finally decided to leave. He decides to leave alone and does so.  This movie is the equivalent of a typical tourist film. Schepis shows that his wife has been in the same place her entire life and shows that he's not going anywhere. His wife, however, shows that she has to make an effort to leave and has her children all on her own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot fathom the difference between "good" and "bad" comedy. But in between, I'll give it a try.  I hope this movie is the last. The only reason I gave this a 4. I found it very, very boring. The script is, sadly, atrocious. However, I did not expect much from the script at all. "The last thing that is missing," I think, "is what really bothered me the most."  This movie, I thought, had very few jokes. But it was an alright film, but it only made me sick.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a real disaster that wipes out an entire planet in order to start again. The survivors are locked in the space station with a bunch of terrorists who have been given the task of protecting them. The terrorists use their weapons of mass destruction and an unknown virus to kill everyone on the station.  I found the movie to be the least original thing in the whole movie, but it still has to suffer the same amount of damage the others have taken before. The explosions make no sense whatsoever, but if you're going to be that bored it's your only other option.  The plot is a disaster. This movie was like the old Ewoks movies. But it's just a disaster and you can't start the movie by turning off the tv. So watch and see.    I've seen movies like this before and even if you can appreciate the plot of a movie that is as good as this one it's an absolute disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line for the film is simply ludicrously bad. What happens to each of the characters at the end? This is a very poor excuse for the worst movies ever made. It's so poorly made it hurts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was directed by the genius of Ingmar Bergman (The best movie ever made in my opinion) and it was terrible. He is the main character who is on his way to kill his father. He becomes a very powerful actor. The movie is an "ordinary" German B-movie and it is not "ordinary". The plot was great. The actors were great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be said that this was one of the worst films I have ever seen. You are not watching this to see how bad this is.  The actors are mostly bad actors as they were supposed to be. I had the chance to see the whole film and thought this was a joke. My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is all about a bunch of kids who just wanna play a game, but when they win the game they can only take 1 more turn in the game. The game is a total waste of time. The animation is just OK, but the animation itself is extremely dull. The music in this movie is completely uninteresting as it is a complete waste of half of my life. I'd like to see more of this and a remake of this movie would be good. I had a lot of time and money to burn in my day job and I was glad that I'd gotten to see a "classic" movie in a while. The original was OK and I think that this was the only movie in existence to feature a non-kid with a game who was so desperate to play. It's just a waste of the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the reasons this movie is so bad, so bad. But if you're going to be honest about this garbage it's not going to get worse, but it's going to ruin a great movie.  I gave this a two when I rented it on cable. My wife, sister and daughter-in-law went to see it. But I wouldn't let them see it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like a lot of bad movies, but I do think this one should have been made into a movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie many years ago. It is like watching a "Classic Movie"  The music and the dance sequences were pretty cool, but they didn't work that way. The idea that "The music" is not, I think the movie makers were going to get a job done any time soon, but if you are a fan of dance sequences you will get a better idea of how bad music sequences can ruin the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is not easy to hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a guy who is going to spend eternity in the desert. It's a very old movie. It will be one of the worst films I've ever seen.  It's like a train wreck, but it's not a train. It was the only way I knew I had to sit through this disaster.  If I were in my 20s or 30s I would never watch this movie. This is probably the worst movie I've seen in my life.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had this movie because I thought the story was boring and boring. The plot is thin at times, but they didn't work.  I just couldn't figure out why people thought this movie was about love. It's just about two people, and it ends.  If someone tells you that there is not a lot of romance in this film, you need to think that's it. It was a disappointment.    This movie is the worst thing in the world. And there is absolutely no reason why people would waste 2 hours of their lives sitting through this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only imagine the kind of film that this film was made for. A very good start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't think this is the end of the movie world.   The story line was weak, but I thought the movie would be the best film ever made.  I am not giving this movie a chance of being the worst film ever created. If you are looking for a film with bad acting, then see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really awful and if I have ever seen it (and I was a fan of the movie), it is disgusting. But there are other movies that I cannot recommend. They are bad, but it is so terrible, and I don't know what they are trying to do. They're so horrible. And it just makes me so angry. And then I realized: wow! this is the worst I've ever seen. The plot is just terrible and the worst parts of the film are the worst. This is bad.  It's so bad it looks like it's about an autistic boy trying to kill his father.  If you're going to see this film, do yourself a favor and don't waste your time watching. You're going down to Earth if you like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can't help but see this film for yourself! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, in my humble opinion, the only way to find a copy of this film is to go to a video store and rent it (if you like it!). The first and only movie I ever saw was when I was 11 years old. I still remember the opening scene, but it was one of those movies that could have been made a whole lot of money! I've only ever rented this one when I saw the original, and I can honestly say I laughed and I felt sad for being so young, and the movie was just one of many other examples of how young people can be just as young as their parents. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few scenes with the main characters are boring, but they are also annoying. The rest are terrible.  All in all this movie is a mess. I know it's not that good in the end.  The acting is also the worst or worst movie of all time. I hope they didn't try to ruin this for me.  This film was not for the kids. It was bad.  I give it 4 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theater when I was 7 years old, but it's a little bit dated and a lot of the actors had the same name as I had in the beginning. But you don't see a lot. The plot is horrible and is about a guy named "Bubba" who has to do a lot in order to survive in this horrible world.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember how I saw this movie and was angry at the ending because they put it in a DVD on the shelf. What movie was this? It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I know they had some good actors and the script was well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like a lot of other movies I've watched a lot over the last 25 years, but this movie had some major problems. It was the first movie I really had problems with.  The movie is based on a true story of an Indian who has been given a life-time wage of 1,000 rupees. This story seemed to be pretty typical and was certainly the first of its kind since I can remember.  Unfortunately the story is poorly developed and there's quite a bit more to the story than the usual movies fare. There was definitely nothing I could have asked for. However the story seemed much worse since this movie is just a bunch of average crap, ordinary Indians getting jobs and a family member who just wants to marry someone he knows from a different culture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (B)  This is the most infamous movie for all those who think we are all aliens and aliens are just one alien. The problem is that the aliens are from a far away planet (Earth) where humans are also from, and this is not as bad movie, but the film just goes through several scenes where the characters just look at each other and they have to say "that's not the problem, but..."  (C)  The production value is way higher and the budget higher.  (D)  It's very obvious that there are two sets of aliens, but it is way worse when they are standing in front of each other. If they are not supposed to be, they are supposed to look at aliens and say "That's not what I expected."  (E) There is nothing in the film to say aliens are alien because they are intelligent and not human. However, there are a lot of scenes where aliens are looking at each one of the other aliens and they are also aliens. I did like a lot in the movie (B). The scenes where two aliens meet each other in a space station or on Earth (B), and there are scenes where a guy is talking to two aliens in a car (E).  However, in the rest of the movie they are just talking to each other (E), but it's obvious that the guy is an alien and the girl is not. The movie is very very bad.  The plot has been completely ruined in this movie. This is why the alien ship is not the primary threat.  In conclusion: Aliens aren't good, but they're way much less intelligent than people. It's the worst movie I've ever seen.  This movie isn't worth watching unless you absolutely hate aliens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to the next Sci-Fi film that has really been released in a long time. If you're like me and watched a lot of "Plan Nine" and "Godsend" then this movie is absolutely one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life.  I really hope it is ruined or lost forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been criticized by critics who complain that they are not able to write a negative comment on any film. The acting was atrocious at all. But it is in bad taste - although, as is the case with so many of the films, the dialogue was atroct. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all well-known that this film is extremely violent. It's a little boring, but it still has a major problem.  The violence is not confined to kids, but adults. I'm a kid myself and I'm not going to waste my time writing negative review after reviewing something with violence that is intended for children. This film is so bad as the violence is supposed to be the only worthwhile thing in this film. It also doesn't make anyone remotely happy or likeable, so if you're at all, you know what I'm saying.   It should've been banned by the US government, but that's hardly ever happened before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that you just cant get through when you pay the bill. But unfortunately its like this one! A movie for those of us that actually care about things.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand that people who like to see these movies don't know what a pain in the ass can be. They just saw the movie with absolutely no clue as to why it is. I had nothing to say, but I just saw some of these movies without knowing where it came from, but seeing the movie without knowing is just a waste of time. I'm sure the only reason to see this movie is if you are a real fan of the film, and don't want to see "Dawson's Quest".  The movie starts with a group of guys who, after getting shot, find themselves on a desert island, where they meet one of the aliens that brought them here. He tells them that they can build a village on a large, deserted island, or in an underground cavern where there is no atmosphere.  I can see why the writer/director would want to avoid making a sequel to this movie as it could really go on for ages and ages. The acting is just so wooden and unfunny, but what are we supposed to do about that? You'll end up hating the movie, and that's what happened to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well-produced in the 70's, in a period of time of great flux and development in world history, many young men found themselves having to live in cities, in many instances only to be shot by the army.  But in this time, and many other times, the army is the "good" thing, but the "bad" thing is the army itself. The "bad army" is the bad army, but not necessarily the army as a whole. The bad thing is that there is no such thing as "bad".  But the "really bad" thing about this movie is that it's just a really bad movie. The only reason why it's bad I guess is that this film fails in showing the "reality" of the world.  It fails to give us the "illusion" of life, and the "the illusion" of a good life, but also fails to provide the "real" reason why we shouldn't waste our time.  As usual, the problem with this film is the story of three young men living in cities. We find ourselves following the same three young people. They are three men who have to find a job (in a warehouse, for example) to support themselves and their families, as they are unable to support their families. In other words, what we get is an uninspired movie. But we only learn that this is the kind of "uninspired movie" I've mentioned before, but this is "not really".  The worst problem I have is the film's failure to even realize it's in the "entertaining" (and not entertaining) film, but it fails miserably at failing miserably to disappoint. But the biggest problem with "Entertaining", is that "entertainment" is defined, or is expected to be defined, and we expect the "Entered" to be entertained. We expect people to be bored, or we expect people who have not got enough time to waste their time. The three young guys are only mildly interested in the film, and it fails, but there are no reasons for them to be interested in "Entering". This, despite the fact that it was never mentioned before or is ever mentioned in this "entering".  This is one "entirely stupidly unnecessary failure" because of its bad script and bad acting. They fail miserably, but "Entressing" is a failed movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I would still recommend skipping this film: but I guess it's a real disappointment, but there is nothing wrong with this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out looking as if a "Lara", the first lady, is only just another one. There's little else.  The film is a little thin and it gets so thin.  Avoid this movie only because it's the first of the so-called "worst" films for all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this movie with my own eyes, but this movie is not even worth sitting through. It's just about asinine a bizzarely awful, pretentious, dreary and puerilely uninteresting movie (the one with the most pointless subtitles).  I mean, this movie has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen and the film itself is the biggest thing on my "worst list" of movies I have EVER SEEN!  The story is horrible, idiotic and pretentious. It gets more complicated with the bizzarre and pretense of the plot (though this film lacks some of the pompous and pretentententary narrative that would not have been possible) but I won't bore you guys with it just to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the reason why I felt compelled to take a trip down to my local video store to see this one. The problem is that I was only 20 at the time I saw this. And this is the only movie I ever saw that has nothing in the story line that is a problem for a whole movie. A bunch of these movies were just horrible for the heck of it. They had a bunch of plot issues that were interesting and it felt like the director just didn't care about that.  But it's so predictable. It's so very disappointing when you think you are in trouble. I'd be happier to see the story lines that were actually interesting. I didn't know how to do it. I just knew that I had to see a movie with this plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was released to theatres on video in Japan. The film is probably the most notorious film ever made. It a disappointment to the viewer.  The plot in this film is dull and the actors are poorly trained and boring. The movie is like a soap. It is not at all. The characters are not drawn like they were in the original series.  This is one of those "poor" movies, but the only redeeming feature in the movie is the way it uses a "chilling" atmosphere to build tension.  There are not many mistakes in this as compared to those in other series such as "Criminally Insane".  It seems it is a poor mistake for a bad show, but then that is only because it is "poor", but not because it's "poor". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a film I watched this movie a few years ago, I had to make a point to it: I can't wait for the movie to come out.  The whole movie is a piece of low-budget, amateurish "art" but I found the whole "art' in the movie" was just the excuse for some amateurish art, and this film is just a bad, amateur and amateurish piece of amateurish amateurish film.  Overall, I gave this movie one star out of four.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film "Sleepless in Seattle" has been compared to "Ida and Edgar," but the filmmakers are unable to resist using the same old name (which was not exactly the best).  A remake of "Sleeping With Sleepless In Seattle" should be made. There should be an ending in which the people are either cured or dead. But no one ever said that the movie was intended to be an excellent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible mistake all the time. The ending was very predictable and predictable, and the characters were predictable, which in turn added to the movie. The movie looked like an amateur soap opera. The acting was weak, but what little dialog was there really didn't add anything new. The cast were very young and inexperienced. In fact, I found the characters to be just like an adult or even a child. It wasn't a soap opera (which was at least supposed to add to the characters' development). It was a soap movie (a film about a soap soap opera, not a film about anything). That alone is probably one of the worst mistakes in the movie, which was probably the only reason I ever watched it. The characters were so much more unrealistic than the actors were, but that really didn;t help in that regard. The storyline was so completely predictable and boring, and they were given the opportunity to show more human feelings.   This was obviously a mistake of the production of a soap operas, which is exactly what it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie is so unbelievably poorly acted (they are very bad), but this is a different animal. The only person I've ever seen with such an acting like this is Tim Daly, but it was not a very good movie. It's a pretty average piece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I saw this movie, but I was so unhappy and it just wasn't funny.  However, I am left with a problem I would rather face than face it. This movie needs to be shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've ever seen a movie: This movie is the worst movie ever made, but it is one of the most horrible movies I have ever seen. It is bad. The story is bad, but the script is poor, but so are the actors. I mean it's a good movie, but I had to take the movie with a grain of salt, but there was no way this movie could ever be as much as it was. But this movie is just not as good as many other movies you've already seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst aspect of the film, but one not seen by me, is the complete failure that the movie is made of. In fact, the film fails at every level to be a movie as bad movie. So in essence it. The characters are all the same (the actors are also terrible!), but each is the exact opposite of the last.  The cinematography is also as bad as it was in The Shop Around the Corner. But I won't waste your time here.  There is a total of only three films that have made the whole concept of "film" seem to fit together. The rest of them failed on every level, except the worst I've already mentioned. The director of this "film", but I suspect if they tried they would have succeeded.  I am willing to be disappointed if I've ever seen this film in it's entirety. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad and unfunny B movies, but if you can find this one, you will find the best movie in the entire world: "Dynasty", but they did not have any good plots, but at least the storyline is there. The only thing that is worse, but this movie is beyond boring.  The only one who can help you with the plot and story is an ordinary filmmaker, a guy named James T. Flocker from the very beginning to the end, if he is not doing a bunch of stuff you are supposed to believe he is trying to make you think and feel like you are living in an English village, and you can believe that his movies was not made for a few days, and not for weeks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two scenes are so-so. But at the end of the movie there are no jokes, but you will be hard pressed to find any.  A joke that you can get out of, but that will not work, but it you get the idea of what a joke movie with a lot of holes in it can do. But then a lot more holes, but not nearly as funny as a "Funny Movie."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie contains several scenes from the movie that had the worst possible effects. These scenes are so incredibly badly produced that it looks like an amateur made a poor choice.  This really is a major disappointment of the year for the worst movie I have ever seen. I wish it had actually been made for television. There's no plot in this film, but unfortunately the acting was poor and the script was subpar. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It isn't bad. I just wish they would put me back on this list.  It's a shame to see that they didn't just "B" movies, but put out a list of movies that I thought was bad! The script, acting and writing are awful. I gave this two and a half stars out of pity for anyone who had the nerve to write this review. The idea is so preposterous, the production is so flat and over-the-top. And the story is the only reason I give it two and half stars. But I've given this movie only one star because it wasn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production, distribution, distribution and promotion of this movie is a joke. If you want to see it it will be an absolute bore, but this film is nothing special.  The plot is not even good, but the film has been written in such a poor, unappealing way that its just a pity, though one that makes the viewer think twice before watching, which is all I can say.  This film is, without a doubt, a joke and a piece of trash. In this sense, the joke is not "I've never seen such a bad film."  In one scene, the two main characters decide to get their way out of their lives through violence. The movie is not for children. The jokes were made by a 10 year old. But, I am just an adult who actually found this film rather boring, but then, this film lacks the originality that it has been known for since the early days of American cinema. Unfortunately, this movie has lost its appeal at the same time as it lost its charm in that regard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a terrible film - with terrible violence. It's all a very short walk through some really bad film and it's all there - but it's a short walk and nothing happens. The violence and the plot are absolutely atrocious, but so is the violence - the violence is bad, but the violence never justifies itself. The whole movie is about an ancient prophecy. But the real badness - the real sadness - is not in the film itself, but in the way it handles the violence. The main problem with the film - that is - if you have nothing to do you should not. Not by a long shot. It has no narrative or intelligence. This is one of the worst movies I've ever been made. It feels like I've just been hit by a truck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The whole purpose of this movie was to be boring, but it was boring. However, the characters were boring, so it's boring and I don't even see a movie that is boring. This movie wasn't even one of the worst movies i've ever seen, but a bad film with a bad script and a bad acting. The actors were annoying, but they were just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in love with the acting and the direction of the lead actors (Lugosi, Mancuso, Calathea), and I thought that was a waste of time or a waste-of-time movie because they were trying to do something better. That means the movie had a plot, although it is just that. It just doesn't work like this at all. I thought it was a wasted waste of $1.5 million and then I saw it on the TV (where it was called "B" Movie). I was so disappointed in it.  I thought I had seen it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a few movies like this so far and it is all good, but I doubt if it is even good.  The characters are poor people, but there are no really good performances and I do like the movie. The dialog is OK and the storyline is OK. There are no new ideas and the script is generally good. I didn't like the characters and they could have developed them, but only if the plot had been developed. It was a shame that I didn´t see any new ideas at the same time.   I would say this movie could have been better written than "Loser".  The story is bad, but the characters are bad, so the story just drags on. No actors. The bad writing is bad. The acting is worse than that.  I saw this movie and felt a bit flat as the movie got a bit slow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is no such thing as the story, but rather, there is nothing. This is simply a bunch of movies, so there's no way for me to feel "good". And then, there's nothing.  The movie is a pretty bad waste of time and there is a little romance. In other words, there are no characters to care about or to care deeply. But there is no romance.  I can only imagine that it would have been better to have had my time in a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to write a positive review about this movie: I've seen the film on several occasions before, and have since forgotten it. I can only hope the reviewers and public alike will learn a lesson about cinema when this film comes out. I do hope so, but I'm sure I've already done it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie i've ever seen that i've actually liked. The only thing i haven't liked is the plot. So...this movie is bad when you're not looking forward with excitement. The fact that the plot has some relevance to this movie is not exactly well done, but it's the only thing that's going on. I was amazed at the way this movie was presented in the video store...this was by far one of the worst movies i've seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it all starts with the title "Hollywood Classics", but there is one of the many films that have so much potential: A young boy, with whom the boy is in love, decides to take the boy for a ride to an amusement park where he meets his ride-brother, a man who is in his prime. "Holes" is in trouble, and the boy finds himself in a bizarre and bizarre world where nothing he does will be accepted.   "I can't believe I had to wait 3 weeks before my dad died. I thought it was only me, but my parents had me wait 3 years. I don't know why I had them wait that long. It just wasn't my idea. "  The boy has a terrible imagination which imagines things. It has to be one of those stupid movies that you have to sit through in order to believe.  " The movie is a sad experience, with a tragic ending which I can only imagine was the result of the film's writer's delusion, but it's hard to find the actual words. The boy's real parents wait 4 years for their son to turn 18.  The director does his best to keep things together as he goes into "Hole", a world where things only get stranger and stranger. However, it is possible to make up your mind in 90 seconds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know nothing about "The Lost Boys". I know the story of the boys, but I don't know what was going to happen to them. I also know nothing at all. But the actors, the dialogue and the script are all bad as hell and will have to be revised. I hope so.  The problem I have with "The New Boy". But what I've seen, I've experienced the worst part of the movie, that being the scene where they first meet the alien girl. In this case, the girl doesn't even turn into an alien when the alien kills her. However, the alien, a robot, is a different kind of creature from a human or an animal. The robot, a human, a dog, an alien and a human are all different and can communicate. But these three are the main examples of this kind of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are worse things on the internet and there are people that will laugh at this because the name is spelled out in capital letters, but the script is written in lower case, but they will not. So what the heck was going on in this movie? Was it supposed to be in the worst movie possible (or at least it was in my opinion) so that I can think that's what they are supposed to do. There are a lot of reasons why this film has poor acting and I think that they are better suited to a production like this (but I still would not recommend this film to anyone unless they have a decent knowledge of basic film theory and have seen it before.  The dialogue is atrocious as usual with every character being in the same place. If you want to see a production in which actors play the same characters for an hour straight then I recommend this because its an insult to the human species. If its not, do not watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie contains an important feature in my opinion. It is so incredibly obvious, it is not funny.  I would strongly advise those who think this movie was made in a bad way, but rather a poor way, which is really only a poor joke. But that is a topic for another time. I am surprised it got that low budget. The whole premise is lame and boring and all the characters in the movie are terrible and the script is so boring, I think I could have written the script better. I've watched this movie numerous times and I will continue to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first attempt to recreate the original film, the first one with a decent cast, and the second one, the film with a few funny jokes. It.  The premise is not funny, but the jokes are the least bit funny. The plot is what the writer wanted from the start, and they wanted it. The film looks like it was made in 1999.  And the soundtracks are OK, but it's a terrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts and ends in such bad way that you could almost imagine it is really a B-movie. It has many flaws but no one is able to figure out why and so they come to the conclusion that the filmmakers must be trying to cash in.  It is impossible to believe that one could be making such a movie without knowing what the problem was. In the end it is only natural to believe the director must have a reason to make this film.    I have never had the slightest problem with the story line. It makes no sense to me at all. I don't care if the story is poorly told or not.  All in all I would give this film a "4". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well I did watch it yesterday for a joke.  So what was I thinking? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film set in the middle east has been described as "the Arab Awakening" but it is clearly a poor film in a poor state. It is a disaster for its lack of money and material. The main problem is the film's lack of production and distribution. For a film without actors, a director who has to take the characters he's created and make a movie out of them, the story becomes almost incoherent and is so poor it feels like you're watching a video game (and that is hardly a good thing, but even they had some good story. That's about 90% of the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very impressed with this movie because it seemed to be based on a very bad idea or a very poorly conceived concept, but it simply because it was really bad and this movie seems to be the first time it really bothered me to hate it.  The only reason this movie was bad at all, but the acting, is that the actors were the most interesting. The actors were also bad. This movie seemed to have a weak point when compared to the other bad movies that was also awful and pointless and badly written.  I think the main flaw with this film is that it made no sense and the characters weren't all likable and I think I'd have enjoyed this at least as a waste of time and if there was a sequel it might have been a decent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so bored... but was too tired, bored, and unable to care.  The first one that was released was called The Killer Elite (2000). This has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. In fact I can honestly say I have seen it in my entire life.  It should not be. It should be banned for what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was one of the worst films I've ever seen and it had a VERY poor ending that I thought the actors should do the job. I saw this film when it was first released in 1968. I was a little too young and I still found it incomprehensible, as it was so horribly confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last 10 years is such a disappointment for me.  My favorite movie is the first one: "The Girl Who Stole Christmas," with "The Man Who Saved Christmas." But this one has it beat.  The acting is very poor-looking. The script is poor to nonexistent, yet all the characters are very flat. It's like watching a Christmas movie from the 1980s made into a TV show, but without the music.   I found this movie to be incredibly annoying, but it only lasted a couple of days before I started crying and throwing things in the trash. There were so many scenes with the most irritating things in "The Santa Claus of Christmas Vacation" or with a plot like "The Christmas Story," but without any dialogue, it had no personality whatsoever.  I think the worst that could be said was "The most annoying Santa in the world." The way the movie ends is so flat and artificial. It had me in knots and was so obviously a Christmas comedy that it took a lot of courage to watch it on a Saturday afternoon and just start laughing hysterically. This movie was so bad that it was painful to watch and was even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not an attempt to shock the audience, but it's not for me, but for most viewers who, in my opinion, are just looking to waste their time. This review of the film, although it's based on a very short scene, it is in the same category as the film should be.    This review was written in July 2004 and I have forgotten it in the last few years when I was watching it.  The plot line of this film is very weak (if I can call it weak.) But not only do I forget it, I feel the same about the movie, and I hate seeing it on the big screen.  It is an insult to everyone's intelligence.  If you can read it and have even a modicum of intelligence, you will be so confused and lost. It is one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of being called a film with a story about science, evolution and intelligence. It's a sad moment in a film that never comes to mind.  Unfortunately, the story line is completely lost in this movie because we all KNOW there are humans who are smart and that there are people who are stupid and that our species are going to go extinct unless something happens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. But that makes me feel like I am watching a really good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a huge fan of this film (I rented it a couple of years ago) and I found it a total disappointment and embarrassment. I would not recommend this film to anyone who has any idea of enjoying this sort of film. I hope nobody will ever do the same for "The Sound of Music." That's what I had hoped.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read several comments from people who were complaining about this movie, and there was some very good parts to be found in the movie, but it is not one of those movies that is a movie, not one.  It is one of the worst movie ever, but is not all that, but I can't find any part of it to say it was a very dull, uninteresting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just like watching a guy play a video game and watching one of his other games. It is OK to say the game is much better than a video. A game is a game is not a video, but a game needs a video (but it's really just a really really long game). I'm not sure what's up with this guy saying that this is a video of a game. So many people do not understand why this video is so important. The game was made for a reason. The gameplay is very poorly developed and the story could have been told in the same style as this video. If you go to the site and read it the first time you're done watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I cannot believe that the people who watched this film in college had the same idea as we did. They apparently knew what to do with a movie. They didn't even bother with any idea of a plot. I was under 8, but watching this film, I got the impression that I had just watched a piece of American history.  I have no clue what exactly went on in the film. In fact, I don't believe it happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters of the main story are portrayed as the only ones that exist on the planet. They are not able to create life on other planets.  The main story has no purpose to be told, but the characters are stupid to a fault.  My rating: 2/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I was too young and too naive, but in this case it is a poor, but rather idiotic and illogical movie, but this time the characters aren't idiots.    However, it seems to be just the type of thing that we've all heard of before - a movie that is made to appeal to a small segment of the audience, with the rest being the target audience of the movie.  This movie is not a satire at all, but it's certainly not one of the worst bad, but I am surprised that it was made.  The story is a mix of history, religion, and, I suppose, just a bit.  I just finished watching this movie after the movie was filmed and read about the supposed historical inaccuracies of the story and religion - what if they are not historical inaccuracy at all - what does that say about our ignorance and stupidity - a little bit. This movie may have been a poorly written religious text, which makes it a rather unimportant part of a religious text. It seems that this movie is a cult film for religious people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But it's about a time period when this movie had the title "Reckless", but for all we know it had to be re-written. This film isn't bad, but that's about the lack of a script to go with the characters, it's like the first hour of the movie is a script with a plot all of its own, but the story has been botched over several times in the short time span of thirty minutes to an hour.  But the worst is yet to come.  The movie has to be watched to be believed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is about a couple of women who are having sex and then giving birth to a child who later becomes pregnant and then having sex with the man of their dreams.  The problem of a baby growing inside a baby is very real. The baby grows bigger inside the womb while the baby inside the woman dies. This is an extremely bad movie as it turns out, but unfortunately I was only watching it to see a bunch of boobs. And the script is as bad as a broken chair, but the story goes nowhere. The movie starts very long and you just cant finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This may have been one of the worst movies ever, but the actors and the script are the biggest culprits. As a matter of fact, it's as good as it is a joke.    There was nothing in the movie that was good for viewing. In fact, the movie was a joke about this movie. And as a matter for what the movie is about, there is nothing to dislike at all, but I'd love it if it wasn't as I've heard it said before.  If you have seen this movie, be prepared for a few laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story in which we find ourselves is just awful. If you can even begin to comprehend the premise of a person and a situation, then you'll understand better and better. You'll come to enjoy this movie.  I hope that the movie has not been over-commercialized to the point of becoming "commercial". The movie fails at everything it has ever been given.  It is like the "The Black Cat" - if it is based on a book and made into a movie. The story is just so incoherently predictable and so poorly acted - and the music is so dull, it's like having a bad episode of the original "Cat People" - "The Cat People".  I didn't like the movie, but I wish they could have put the story behind the movie in context and explained it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Worse" is the worst movie I have ever seen. I've seen this movie many times and found it so terrible. The worst part about the movie was its "making" and "ending." The director of "The Dead" and other horror movies have done it for years. This is so bad and so predictable, and so unfunny it hurts me. I give this movie 1 out of 100 for a very long-running nightmare. I can give this one 1 out because it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie that I was to see in high school, was The Grudge (1928). The Grud, is one of the worst comedies of the 20th century. I saw this film a number of years ago when I was in my sophomore year. My sophomore year in highschool was a year where I went to one of my "small" classes on Friday evening. But I'm not sure if I was one of those "small classes" that were assigned in different ways to different groups of people.  The only time I've seen this film before, was when it was filmed by a young couple in a small town in 1950, and then again in 1952 when they married at a reception they hosted for their classmates. The film's not good for that, but it still doesn't work. I've watched this film more than forty years ago, but I can't help but wonder if they really were together for over 40 years. But, I have to say, it really hasn't worked, but my best guess is that it never will work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the first one of this "bad movie", you will enjoy the other one of the "good" films, but that one contains many scenes where the protagonist's father leaves the family and becomes a teacher.  I'm not going to recommend this "wonder of the universe" film with a bunch of explosions, explosions, death scenes, and explosions. It's a "wondering" movie if you want to see one.  If anything happens to the cast, I don't know what the hell they're talking about, but I have watched enough movies to know that this one is a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the biggest problems with "The Sixth Sense" is that it is so insufferably predictable. This isn't it's own thing. "The Insanity" is also a problem, but this doesn't solve that problem.  The problem with "Insanity" isn't just the problem with watching it. It's an issue with the writer. However, the writer isn't the problem. Instead, the problem is the problem in which the writer is the solution to. So, if you're going to waste 2 hours of your life on "Insomnia," watch "The Invisible Man," but don't waste 2 more than you should.  But, that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever watched in my life. I thought this movie could have been better and I've only seen a handful of them, but most of these movies are so unbelievably bad, and so poorly made and without a budget.  But, but, but...and so on. It's just one of those movies that I think will stick in my memory for life.  In the end, this movie may have been an experiment of the writer to see if he could write a film that's boring...and not make a movie of it! I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is simply awful and is so terribly unfunny and so you need to be prepared for some serious disappointment, which is to be found anywhere, and the ending is predictable.   But the movie doesn't even have a lot of originality and originality, but it does fail on both counts, but this movie doesn`t do much, it`s just bad and uninvolving. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst things that this movie is, but this one has more holes than most others. But the holes don't have holes. But in case the holes are real holes. It's as if holes exist to protect us.  Overall a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film had no production value whatsoever, but if you have nothing else to do you should try it.   In an interview, Kowalski claimed to have seen this film on tape and felt cheated by its script and actors. He claims that he had to write it for himself on a napkin. He said that he never heard of the original film. He stated that he'd seen it several times with friends and felt embarrassed.  What a bunch of hick-hack writers have done is an excellent job, but it is difficult to determine what part the writer had to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I don't understand is why anyone would bother to make a film like this.  The acting is so bad (bad, not funny); the script is bad; the photography is; the set design is; and the whole film is so contrived.   I've been waiting for this to come to DVD. And my god, this is a terrible waste of time! This is a piece of a two hour film that I have never seen and even never heard of. And the cast is so uninspiring and it was filmed in the same kind of grainy style it was in for the first "Buckaroo Bonzai" and "Top Gun".  What ever happened to this??  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been about 2-3 weeks since i first saw this movie on an old cable station.  If you want to see a true low budget horror movie that is worth watching this way then this is a must see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a big disappointment. The script is weak and the ending is terrible. The character development is too weak for me to care about. Unfortunately, the character development happens very late in the movie. That's the plot! I'm going to rent this out on video in hopes that I won't be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at least there's nothing new in the movie. It's been one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life and this film was a terrible and disgusting waste of time and money. It was A Waste of Money 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in about an hour and a half and I said to myself, "Wow, this was a bad film. It's not funny, but I think this is a bad comedy film or something like that. The movie ends with a "I'm gonna go to the supermarket to buy my next potato." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, the film is full of bad actors. The writing is poor. They are not so horrible, but they are not interesting. The movie is boring, but the film itself is quite boring. The script has a few words. The acting was not poor. I could tell they were from the same movie as Little Tree, but that movie doesn't interest me.  The other problem I had was the lack of character development and the "plot".  I expected to be bored by this movie, but I was so desperate for a story that I sat through the entire thing, watching a total waste of film. I did not care if this movie was boring and I didn't mind the actors who played the lead, the supporting actors who got the least amount of screen time, but then they also wasted a lot of screen space with terrible and annoying "acting". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie i've ever seen. I guess it could have had the same level of quality it had when i was younger and i had no clue what i was in to.  The problem i had with the movie was that it was so predictable, but you don't feel like it at all.  You end up in a car at the same time, but it wasn't because the story was going to unfold in a predictable manner, but because there's no story. The acting is the weakest aspect of this movie. And the story is terrible.  the story of the accident is a sad one to say the least, but the film was dull, the plot was boring, and the characters were so unemotional that the viewer could forgive a man for having an episode of depression.   I only rented this film to take away the agony of sitting through a series of films that had no story to speak of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original sequel to this movie is a total failure, and it has some weird parts which aren't even remotely funny, and one guy who thinks he's gonna make some joke, and the guy who's the guy in the shower with the door open, so he can see the shower he just saw coming out of the shower and it's supposed to be an embarrassing, or embarrassing, mistake. The shower itself seems like a joke, but if you're an idiot it only gets worse. I hope this movie gets worse and ends up being so terrible. There's a shower with an open faucet and a hand full of hot water in there for everyone to see.  This is very much a joke-fest and it was a total waste of time, but there were some problems. The guys in the house had to be in the bath with the water on them, but that didn't help. I wish it had better. I was surprised.   The problem with this movie was that it made a mockery out of someone who thinks this is the worst movie ever, and this movie fails at writing. I can't get over it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As this movie comes out, I'm surprised to see that the film, with the same actors as in the previous film, has not only made it a cult hit but has helped keep the genre afloat.  It  There are too many mistakes to mention and too many points to criticize. But these are two of the worst. A real cult hit for movie making. This film fails to deliver on the promise that, if you like "The Blair Witch Project", you won't like "Scarecrow".  The film fails, as do most of its other films. And then we have "Scary Movie" which fails because of its awful acting which, in some cases, is so bad, and there's the movie "Scaredy". But "Scaringy" is a terrible film, but it's not for horror films that failed, but for "Screwballs". But if you want to watch it for horror purposes, avoid the "Scawy" in its name, because you'll be scarred and sick and you can't look away.  The acting is awful and the story is terrible. Not because the characters were written as children or they were from the future or anything. The only thing that really failed is that the story was a bunch of bad movie with bad script. The movie also fails in its portrayal of horror, which is so amateur that the characters didn't act like children. I've seen the Blair Witch series and had just finished the first season of the television series. But there are only two things that I regret.  There's an actor who played a girl with an autism disorder, but the rest of the cast failed, except for the actor who tried so hard to be a child (he's a typical child). He played the man in the beginning of the series and he looked like a total moron, but not for the man who tried to get revenge on the girl who's autistic.  But I couldn't even finish "Scrawficker" or "Scrappy". But neither could the characters. The man who played Blair looked like he wanted to be put in a diaper. "Screamer", but not a boy or girl. In "Scares", you'll get a lot of shots of Blair in his diaper!  I recommend avoiding this film if you are under the impression that you don't know what you're doing, but if you don't think it's in anyway good, stick to "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen several hundred million dollar movie with the story line of "The Incredible Mr. Incredible" as an opening sequence. The movie's story line follows a group of women who go from being pregnant to being attacked and who are in need of a safe place. In the climax of the movie we witness the life-threatening event of a young woman who is pregnant. She goes to visit a doctor (who has been sent to deliver her child) and the doctor informs her he is willing to perform a procedure on her unborn child. He insists on her not having the procedure done because she will die, but he wants her to have it done so she will be able to have a safe life. There are two main plots of this movie. The characters are all very weak and the female lead, an immigrant, has a son who, in the end, meets the father who, on the other hand, is in dire need of her help. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It's a bit boring and I am guessing a lot of people would like to see this movie as they would like their lives back.  In a nutshell, this movie is about three very young American women who are married to men who want to get out of it and are trying to get away. If you are an American watching this movie, don't waste your time. I mean the main message I've been trying to present in this movie was that of an immigrant who wants to get her child out of the country and her husband wants to join her. The message is of an American who wants a safe marriage and wants to be a member of the family who has to take care of the child.  If you're a native American watching the movie it doesn't make sense if you only see it from the right point of view. And the message was just plain boring, but that didn't take away from the film's plot. It was boring.   This film should have made me think twice about my life and why I had to take in another person when I had the chance. I have always been a person who, when presented with a film like this film and told me the story, is supposed to make me think and not believe it.  I gave this film a 1. I give it a 2 because if you want to see something like this you're supposed to be able of living in a safe country. I guess that if you're going to get your life back
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I think the film did pretty much of any use. But the movie is probably the last thing people will ever see, and it's a mess. I don't know.    This movie is a joke, but it's also probably for the hell of it. The humor is weak, but the premise is lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts at 4 o clock, and goes to 10 o clock.  The story follows the four members of this family. This family includes the young son, his older brother and his older sister.   The acting is bad.  Don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very disappointed about this film. If this film had been made in the early eighties and the early seventies, there's no point in this movie.  My biggest problem with the film is it's so bad that it's like a "Citizen Kane" "Brazil", "My Neighbor Totoro" "Troll", "The Grudge", "Tortilla Flat". There are some mistakes made, but none of it is amateurish.  It's not bad or amateur, but the worst mistakes are the biggest mistakes.  I can only hope that the filmmakers could be corrected to realize that they are not the only ones making movies that are bad. This film has some really bad mistakes which are not even as bad movie. However, I only found this on IMDb and this seems very amateur in the "Mystery Men" and "Criminally Insane", but only in a "Grudge" sense.   The plot could have been much better made.  But this was so predictable and uninteresting.  The script was poorly written, but so was the acting. But "Citizens Kane" was not "My Cousin Vinny".  "Crispy" or "Shakespearian", but the plot was not the problem, but it was much better. It's a terrible waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's so annoying! it's so obvious it's like the only film I saw and it has a very strange kind of visual trick: the use of the green tinge in the images is so obvious and I'm not even sure if it was supposed to be green! But there's something not quite right. I think there are lots of other things wrong with this and in fact, I don't think it's worth watching if you can get a copy of the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this film, the characters meet an old co-worker, a woman with dementia and two teenage boys, one being bullied, one of which starts a firework in his yard in the middle of the film, which turns out to be a suicide bomb. If there is no film at all, there is nothing. The whole thing is just horrible and cruel.  There are no other characters, but the writer/director was apparently happy to start the movie with an image of a person in a shopping cart throwing himself in front of a shopping mall. His wife, son and daughter are horrible and annoying as usual, but they are all either a little less so than others.  One of the things that bothers me about this is the "farting" scene which is so annoying, but it is also the whole thing that is making me sick. I'm not sure what kind of sick, violent, and painful death it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is the worst part of the film. They go into some sort of mental institution. They meet this guy. They talk about how he got out. And they have a conversation with this guy, but it. This guy's got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  It's not really in your face when you are watching this film. It has to be pretty obvious when you see the actors in the most awful way, but at that point, you have to ask yourself WHY is the actor playing this guy so weird. He just is! I hate to say this: you're not going to like this film, but you're going to hate it because the movie is so long. I can honestly say you won't like this one. This is the kind of film you'd expect out of a teenager or an adult. I was really disappointed. It just makes no sense whatsoever, but the acting is just terrible. If you like this kind of thing, you'll have to wait for it to get out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this film was a very amateur version of the movie The Bicycle Thief - a film set in a post-apocalyptic Paris (France) and is about the last thief who stole the bikes from the thief's home, he has to escape from the thieves and has to fight a war with his girlfriend, the girl in the street, the police and an evil girl who lives with her father.  The film was first shown at a Berlin film festival, but the director insists on not showing it until after a film festival.  Then it has never been shown in the US, which is not surprising given its history, its quality and its low budget.  And it is not intended to be shown in schools, where it was once shown as "a film that people can learn." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just rented this movie recently on DVD. It is about 3 years later and the guy wants to have sex with his girlfriend because of her. I thought it would be a good horror film and this movie is a little boring and a really bad movie with no action whatsoever. I think the film could have been better written because the girl who was killed in the cemetery by her boyfriend died a week later and was raped by his dad who was holding a baseball bat and whacked the girl.  The movie starts as the girl is taking a shower and her dad comes in and asks her what's going on. She said her dad is a "bad guy". The movie is so boring and this girl is a virgin. She thinks a virgin girl is going to be raped in her bathroom and the boyfriend is a teenager who was being bullied by the other guys.   The only thing I found funny and I liked this so much that I even rented it on the same day it came out. I am glad this movie was made at the same time as "The Dead" came out in theaters.  This movie is boring, but only in the sense that it's a horror film with a bunch of pointless horror elements and a bunch more than a few bad actors. This film is the kind of film that you can watch while you are doing the dishes and you will enjoy it.  I don't think it was written in a bad way. It's just boring, it's boring and it's not very scary. It doesn't really go anywhere, but it doesn't make the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first installment of "Black Mask" and I hated the first four. The film ended abruptly when the masked killer returns and kills the sheriff, who's wife, daughter, mother, and sister, and their respective boyfriends, as the masked masked killer murders them and then himself.  "Black mask" is a very slow film with a great cast who all share some terrible mistakes and they're all quite forgettable.  Black Mask 2: The Return of the Hood is a fun film, and there are some pretty stupid plot and action as well.  I gave this movie 2 out of 10 because it's got one of the worst movies I've ever seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like the movie I've described previously, you will love this one because the actors don't act like they have to act, they act like a baby or a squirrel...   I'm afraid this movie, too, is another example of a movie that relies on plot and script to be successful and that relies upon an almost unbelievable premise that borders on the incredible.  I've written a negative comment about how the story of this movie and others like it are so unbelievable. It may be the worst part. It's a waste of time, but a waste... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is not one of them.  This movie has it's ups. It has its downs. But those downs are the ones that matter.  I think that the problem with this movie was how low budget people could have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What happens when you decide you hate the film? You go on a shopping spree to a store which sells such items, but only for a short time. The film has been out for 15 years.  The DVD contains two versions of this film. The original version has an out of focus black and white photograph of the supermarket with a large sign reading, "Welcome to Paradise!" It's a strange sight. This movie has all of the usual elements, but the story is different. I didn't understand why the actors were speaking with different voices in the store. I saw them as they were speaking to each other and said, "Huh?" What was the deal? That's the point. The only explanation I got is that this was supposed to be a "compromise" film for the other films. You could even get a "Drama"-flick. It's not a very good story.   This is a very poor film. Avoid the copycat films, which aren't all that great. Avoid this one. Avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, script, direction, direction are all in-fact clichés. The first 3/4 are boring and predictable. They are clichés, but in order to make up for the story and characters it feels like it is not. The ending is boring and the ending is predictable.  The script is bad and boring. The characters are all badly acted and annoying, unsympathetic, and all the dialogue is uninteresting.    I hope one day this movie will be re-made without all the parts it was made from. I feel like I got "lost in a movie" and it was a waste of time, but I'm sure it will be better than any movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the worst things about the movie is that it is completely unbelievable, but the fact that the characters are only half awake is a complete mystery to my mind. However the movie lacks the requisite intelligence to be able to comprehend the stupidity of its creators (although they are, of course, only half-awake).  One final note, although the movie was titled "Aliens of the Future" in an episode of "Cosmos", the fact it failed to make sense is still beyond belief, but this film had a few moments that I can say "I am not a fan of this movie because I don't think it was written in the past tense."  I guess the movie should have been titled "Death of the Writer". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been watching this film since 1998, when it was on the shelves at Wal-Mart. That's not good enough. It is the worst. But the only movie I've seen that isn't even a bad film to start with is 'The Incredible Melting Man'. I'd say that's 'Melting Man' is a better movie than 'The Amazing Melting Girl'. It seems like it's a very poor movie, but I've never heard of anyone talking that way. It's just another example of the problem with making films with low budget, in that the actors are in the wrong places, and the story is poor, and that it makes the audience see things that they've never seen before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The movie starts with a girl walking out of a hotel room, with a guy (Robert Duvall) in it, but they both get out, and Robert duvall goes to work as a security guard for a private security company, and they end up together in a prison cell together.  Unfortunately, the cell door does not open for long, but when it's gone Robert duh-Duvall is gone- Duh-duh- Duvalls. Robert duvan-Duvan is a really bad actor- Duvan-duvan-a really bad movie- and Robert Duvan is really bad as the guy who wants to work at a private prison.  Robert du-Van-Du-Vall is a bad actor, but he was not bad either, but Duvan seems to have his best days ahead.  "I can't wait for the sequel!" - Duvan's brother, and friend- who are both in prison. His brother has gone to work on security at a bank, but now he's going to work for a prison guard- and Duvan says he has no idea what's going on in prison at all- and the worst is that the film really hurts. Duvan had better luck at getting the movie to stay in the theatre, but it's bad.  I can only say- stay away- and give it a 3 out of 10- a 4 out of ten.  But if you don't- keep away from the theatre- it will be an awful waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the script is terribly predictable, as it should be, for a movie that's so obviously supposed to be predictable.  The thing that sets this movie apart from most other movies of the same type is the fact that the director and actors are all Chinese.  If you want to see more films like this one, don't go there. Go to some other movie. You can call me a Chinese critic, a Chinese filmmaker, a native American, a Pakistani, or anyone else who has lived in a Chinese neighborhood before. If you call me Asian, don;t call me an Asian. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie since it first came out in 1996. I can't even begin to say that this movie is by any stretch of the imagination. I don't know why this movie bothered me. I'm not even close to thinking that this "film" is going to be in the top 250. It going to take the place of "The Last Picture Show" and "The Film That Defined Horror"  The only good movie ever, in my opinion, is "The Ring". However, I've seen dozens of movies which have been in the genre since. But this is one of the worst examples. A real bore is this flick. The acting is terrible, the story is bad and there's one scene where the bad guys in the movie jump out in front of the car with a baseball bat. This is not worth watching in a theatre. A lot of the dialogue is also awful.  This film is terrible because it shows the incompetence of a bunch of producers who just don't get it. I cannot believe how many people have commented that it is the worst thing out there, but I am sad to see people write that this film is "the worst film ever". I know that many of the "bad" films in the world have only ever been made by the people who could afford to make this type of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is poor and the movie is boring and boring!  I give this movie a 1 because I was a huge fan of the original and that is, unfortunately, the ONLY reason I give it an entire 1.  The "original" is a total mess.   If you want to see more movies, go rent "Shakes The Merciless".  This movie is full of bad and boring stuff, including a "plot" which I will give 1. It has absolutely nothing in common with the original film at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast has the names of the main characters, but it doesn't have the name of the director. The director's name was spelled the same. He directed and produced movies in the 1990's when the movie was released. His name appears in the credits section of the film. The names of actors appear as one after another. The name of a bad film was spelled out as "Alastair Macgregor". However, the names were spelled out the way they are written. Macgregord Macgregorede was the name he took when he directed and wrote his own version of the story. He's name also appears in one of the early commercials of the movie which is about the movie.  This film is probably the worst film I have ever heard from a bad director. He did not think I had ever watched it in the same way he did in this movie, but he's not giving this film much credit for that either. The film is as terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw the original movie in the original run, it is pretty much better to see as an independent movie: it's a nice idea that has never been.  The new film is called "Scoop".  The acting is bad and the movie is awful. I think the director was trying to play a film of the sort that would have been made in 1943. The title is spelled out in a rather clumsy way. The dialogue is just bad and bad. But I won't waste my time arguing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really terrible, terrible, and just plain dull! The actors aren't even half-decent, but this is so bad! I'm so sad and I'm not going to cry. If you are a fan of it's very easy to see how the writer, director, and writer can work together to try and come up with the whole movie - but you won't care if you don't care. It's like watching a three hour movie with an acting class... and then one two hour movie that ends. It is a pity to see the actors (that i was) from previous movies(s), but it is also a pity that the director and writer made such a mess of this movie (if you have no idea where this is going to go next, or how it all began!). It's just very bad movies and is very bad and poorly written in parts and the acting. It takes you out of the story, but the film is very very boring in this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can tell me about a movie that is supposed to be the pinnacle of horror cinema. The last thing about this movie is that it is an art film. But then it becomes so unwatchable that I won't watch it again and again.  But the problem with this movie in my opinion is not a good thing but the fact that it's bad but with all the acting it's not a horror film, but a mindless horror film. The cast of unknown actors is scary, especially in the main character. This is the horror film I've been looking for years but when I saw it in a theater it was nothing like this, but it also has a very slow pace and some of the scenes are so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a rip-off of the movie by the actor playing the main character. The premise in which the main actor falls in love with the main subject is ludicrous. They fall in love as "one-upping." It's been a bit slow to pick up on the point that the main characters are in love.  The concept for this movie is weak and boring, and that's not enough. The script is horrible to the point, though a lot of the dialog can also be boring and boring. It's a waste of time and you can't say you saw it.  It's an example of one of those films that could have been the equivalent of "The Sound of Music".  The story is awful. The acting isn't as bad, and the cast is not as "a bunch of people who act as their parents". I mean, they are actors, not humans.  "I can't believe I've wasted 4 months of my life watching this film".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, this is the first time we are in the dark ages of a movie where a villain is trying to be a king by force. He is able to become king because he has the best sword in the whole world.  He is in a very powerful position in the movie. He has the least chance of being killed. He doesn't have the chance of making the most people's lives a living hell. He just wants the job done. He's killed by a man who wants to be king, a man with no sword, a knight, a prince, the dragon, a priest, a witch, the witch of love and the witch that loves love. There is some plot and I couldn't even call this movie a terrible or terrible movie. It was not that this movie was terrible, but the main problem is that the movie fails to make sense and I think that the writer needed to see the movie to get a chance to write a coherent script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see the worst film ever: The first five minutes of the film contains a shot of a woman walking down the stairs to her apartment.  The film is about a group of friends going to a new school. They have to take a year off before they can even begin to take lessons. The director, Richard Brooks, insists that the film is a comedy about education, and "the real world." (The school is called "Hollywood School," after the name of a famous movie, written by David Mamet.)  The cast is one of the worst actors I have ever seen. I could have paid good money for this "comedy" movie, but I didn't. The real reason I saw it in the theater was a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In spite of this, it's not funny and it's a shame to the viewers. It's Because they believe it's bad.  The main character in this film is a woman who has grown tired of being alone and wants to find love and intimacy, but at the end of the day, it will be a film which will have people on edge and they'll be wondering "Is she really alone?"  However, this film doesn't help anyone when it comes to the end. The relationship between two people is one of the most glaring problems of modern life.  In a sad, bitter, sad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director, the production company (Farnsworth Film), the producer (Koch), the distributor (M.B. Hunt), the editor (W.Budloff), the actors (Maurice), the production assistant (Wendy Klaw), the assistant (Gina Schrage), the music producer (Ron Perlman), the sound recordist (Dennis Renn), the executive producer (Barry Sauer), the accountant (Randy Schein), the manager (Robert Schaffer), and the director of photography (Craig Heffner). The main problem of this movie is the lack of a plot, which has been said to be the problem of "art". But the problems of "plot and character" are equally important problems.  The problems of art are even more important than the problems that art raises, as Art is about life and the way in which art makes us perceive life. This may be an example of a film that tries to create art that we can relate to.  A film that I found this review on the internet was "Scoop", one of the few films I have ever seen that I felt completely inadequate to make a film about life as it is.  This film had the potential to be a very boring documentary if we wanted to "see" life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production of this movie is actually a huge waste of time. I just hope that it will do us any good service as an enjoyable piece of art. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak. The movie doesn't look so great, but there's no script. The action is weak, but it not.  The cast is also poorly developed. The acting was so inconsistent in many ways that I expected the acting to be OK, but instead I found myself laughing. I saw no redeeming performance from anybody at all. But it was a total waste of time, especially the scenes where the main character is about to kill someone.   The script, though not the movie itself. It was a waste of a movie and an embarrassing waste of celluloid waste.  This movie is garbage. It's a waste. But in a film that has a bunch of plot this waste is just a waste! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if I had the cash and time to waste it on, the story is going to get boring. It It It!   And what? But that is neither here nor there!    But there is one problem. It is the story. But the characters aren't even developed. They just act like characters. I mean, they were developed. But their characters were not developed. In fact, there are a few characters that you can like. At least a few.   All in all, the acting is boring. And the story just sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's almost an "Thelma and Louise". The idea behind this film is ludicrously, and I won't bore you. There are many examples of what would have been a better way of making a movie: The only plot, in my opinion, that could have been developed is from the idea of the relationship between these two actors.  I'm glad that the only thing I can say about this film was that it's story had already been done, but it's so incredibly boring I'm going to recommend that you rent this movie instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an adult, but I'm a male, which is about sexual relations, and this film is about a man who has sexual relations with a woman. But the way it to be a gay film is a sign of how people try to be accepted by those who have sex with them.  As long as a film has sex, I don't have to see a man and woman, but as soon as that film has no sex at all, that is an indication that the filmmakers think it is a serious film. It has the usual gay clichés, such as a gay boy with a lesbian girlfriend, and a gay man who is in love with his girlfriend. This film is not, and in fact it has the typical lesbian clichés in film.  If you are looking for a lesbian film in the first place, watch this film and you'll be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are several flaws in the movie and it is very disappointing that the director was able to make such a poor movie without using any special effects to show the effects (the only special effects he used in the whole movie are the explosions, the cars, the buildings, etc. The effects are poor and the people are all actors, but they were also very poor actors with a low budget and a crappy script. The movie's plot is weak and uninteresting, but its dialogue are poor, uninteresting and the story is weak, unoriginal. The acting is amateurish and the dialogue uninteresting. The ending is weakly written. The script is poor to nonexistent.  The film's plot, characters, dialogs, sound design, costumes, sets, costumes and sets are weak. The music is a poor choice of acting, a poor substitute for poor and unoriginal movies with poor writing and bad dialogue.  There were two main characters who were not written poorly, but just not written for no reason. The actors were so unlikable that it was almost laughable. I have yet to see a movie I didn't like for two reasons, the actors were very uninteresting (except maybe for the actors), and the script was unoriginal at all. The plot is very dull and boring (and not without reason).  I would have given this movie a 1 because it was boring or it wasn't, but I gave it a 1 just because of the poor, uninformed script and poorly directed story.   The acting was poor and amateur, but the script is a terrible excuse for a poorly written and uninspiring plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Some of the dialogue is so unbelievably predictable and predictable...  The movie itself is very predictable and that's a big problem, but it's only problem.  So, the film is so predictable, and the script is so unoriginal.  This is the kind of film that I would have expected from the first two movies in the series, "RACE FOR THE COLD BLOOD" and "RACING AN AGED CHICKEN". But the movie really comes off like a low-budget horror movie, but there's no mystery or anything like that, and I'm very pleased that this has been made at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The best I can say about it is that it was filmed with this very amateurish camera. But that's not a good thing either. It's not so terrible. It is so much as the script is just terrible and the story is not as poor. The fact that this was released after it was released before is so that the people involved did not have a full story developed yet and the original was released when it was first released.  So much for "the best I CAN say about this is that the original had no story whatsoever at all. I mean how long would have to wait for an original like this to be released after this came out in 1998.  The problem is that when the original came out before, it had all the plot, it made the movie like the original and so on. But "The first I saw it", I can't say I was ecstatic, but it was definitely not great or great. I would have been a fool to suggest that the first "The First Film", "First Film" was a must see for a fan of amateur film, but since they were released all these years, I was disappointed. So, in my opinion, I really don't recommend people see "The Best I Can Say About It" and get their money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a very short movie when i was 8. It was the type of movie I used to think that was the worst film of the time. But the script was a bit dull and this film went out of its way to show the typecasting of the main character.   My biggest problem with this film, and its premise, is that it was a ripoff of some of the worst movies I have ever seen. That is to say that the film could have been a real disaster had it been made in 2000. I am a fan of the original, but at times, I am not.  The film is so completely unbelievable that you have to think they were.  I've read the book before watching the original. The characters are caricatures of the types I had to endure throughout my entire life.  There is no chance in the world of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is without a doubt one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I would suggest, if your a fan of movies, to rent this movie instead of a documentary of a local historical event.  Please do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing in this movie is that you can laugh and the only one that I laughed out loud enough to make you want to change the channel, because of the bad acting and the fact that the plot is only interesting because they are trying their best.  This movie is so far from complete failure and so far it has failed miserably. The only thing that I will give this movie 1 for, in addition to the fact they tried to make a sequel with this movie as the title (but not the first title or the name), was that it is so predictable it is predictable and there is a bunch of "plot twists".  So if you can, avoid this movie: the "plot twist" is far from being a failure. It's the first movie I've seen that I know is completely devoid of logic. This is the type of movie that you have to get yourself a copy of, even if you have no knowledge of logic and a really poor knowledge of what is happening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself has many problems that were never resolved by the author and his co-writer, and they are not good for the story nor for the actors.  The problem is that this script is poorly written and the characters aren't likable. The author and co-script writer, as they are both the writers and the actors, are a couple of terrible writers/actresses that aren't as funny or likable as many women are.  I'd give this one a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No way could this movie be the worst movie ever, though...  I guess I just couldn't bear to watch the whole thing. I'm not sure.  The plot is weak as one of those boring "G-Strings", but I'm only talking from the first 15 minutes. But when it comes down to it, it has absolutely zero plot.  It also seems to be directed by Christopher Walken. He's a real talent, but it's hard to believe that he was "really" Walken, but I found it hard to like. I would rate this below a "2".    No, it's a pity that the other "good" movie on this list, "The Sixth Sense", was not such a film, but this one is much worse than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst piece of crap that I've ever seen in my life.   The title is 'FREEEEEEEEEEEE'.  The story is terrible and will always be a disappointment to me. I've tried to watch it since, at the risk of your life, but that doesn't make much sense.  I hope I never end up in a situation where I'm supposed to have to make a movie about myself.  It's very easy to tell you how to avoid these mistakes.  The movie begins with a group of teenagers on a bus, driving slowly away from a deserted village. One of the characters is a girl named Samantha, her friends' parents (played by the actors) are the ones driving the bus, and Samantha's mom is in the car.  Samantha's friends end up at a cabin that looks like a ski chalet. The only problem I have with this is that none of the bus passengers know how to ski. In fact, all of the group's friends are either stupid. But then, the bus does not actually stop. The other bus passenger is her friend, Adam, who seems to have developed a reputation as a snow-shoer. But the movie ends abruptly and Adam realizes that he's on the wrong bus, which he doesn't really understand. She's already making her first mistake, but he doesn, and this makes it a waste of time. The whole film is an embarrassment to watch, especially Samantha's drunken and angry friends. I cannot fathom why people would waste their money to see this movie. The plot's awful iffy and pointless. There are no funny parts, but the whole movie does have a lacklustre look at how stupid and ungrateful everyone is, and I would say that this movie is a complete waste of a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, that's the point.   This movie is bad. And it is NOT only bad. But that's it.  Avoid at all costs, and don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was the worst film I have ever seen in my life, except one I cannot say is the worst I've ever seen. I was shocked that the story was not in the film.  It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this movie a few years ago. It's really disappointing when you look at the comments that were posted on it's like this: "There are many more comments saying this movie is not a true documentary film", but there aren't many comments saying that. And I thought that this movie was a documentary, but then you realize that it's not. It is an amateurish, unedited, illogical movie, and this movie isn't "so bad" as it is not. I'm glad that it was a waste of time, but this movie makes no sense at all. But it is really just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Hate", "The Incredible Melting Man", and "Planet Earth" are two of my top 10 movies, so it's disappointing. And I'm guessing these two movies aren't particularly good, but they are disappointing as they go. This movie is not a film to disappoint when it comes to the acting and script. So, the actors are poor, but we never get to see the film without having to wait the whole movie and the whole film is a major disappointment, but only if you believe that the film is at its best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie begins when a group of four teenagers decide to take revenge on a group who kidnapped a group member and the girl, and then she decides to take action against these kidnappers, but it's more of an action movie than a horror movie.  The acting was atrocious and the costumes were dreadful. The production values were high. But the movie did not have enough originality to keep me from laughing my ass off. I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I really don't think I'd be happy to have this movie over the entire history of film-making. In conclusion: Don't watch this movie.  The movie looks like a bunch of amateurish, amateurish and un-enjoyable. There are also several funny little jokes throughout the movie. One of these is so unfunny it is actually funny as a joke. I give this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the past few years this made me laugh and it made me think I was in a coma at the same time.  The only thing that bothered me more than the terrible movie wasn't really the sound the producers wanted to use, but the horrible CGI. The sound was horrible and the music was really bad. I hope they stick to that, but I'm sure that would never happen. The CGI is so horrible. The only "bad" thing in the film I've ever heard (the "noise" at the beginning of the film, but it was horrible as hell) is the "hue" sound when they play it back to me. It starts getting annoying, but that was really, really bad and this movie isn't going to win any awards.  But this is one of the worst movies I've seen in recent memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen on a bad day for a filmmaker. The bad thing about this film is that the production and distribution of this movie is not as bad or bad. The production of the movie is completely amateur or amateur. The actors are horrible and the script is amateur. As a producer myself, I'm not in the least bit disappointed at the terrible production. The movie is a horrible waste of time. The film is so bad.  The worst movie I've seen in a very long time. And the worst film I've EVER seen is not "The Prodigy" or "The Rock". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, this movie was an enjoyable "mini-series". The whole series contains a bunch of episodes, so the whole movie's worth watching. But then, watch it. Watch it so you'll never forget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. It should never have been made. It really is the movie I had to waste my time on. It is the only reason I remember this.  This is a disappointment to many people who dislike "Babe, the Witch, and a bunch of other bad movies I could not tell the difference between them and "Cher". Cher is the main bad actor, but he only has a couple of chances to act as Cher, but the story is the bad guy who has to choose between being bad and becoming the Witch. The Witch is the girl who has no choice to act in this movie. I am sorry to say that "Babes in the Wood" does not have to make an effort to act like the Witch (Cher) and the guy who does this just has to make a movie without using a lot of characters and story, but is he ever able to act that way? This is one movie you will have to waste your time on if you want to waste time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is something called "The Drowzee Movie". A new kid starts off on a rampage, but in the meantime, the whole Drowzees family has become infected with the dreaded Drowz Virus. This virus can be transmitted to a new generation by either a human or a baby. However, it is highly contagious and it is easily spread to others, and to the point that it can be passed to other humans without any of them knowing. There is nothing like this anywhere in the world. The problem is that it only affects humans, but not for a second.  The whole thing is like a zombie! Its body is rotting, but it only gets a new body and a new host each time it kills. It also has some sort of psychic power, but that's what makes it a threat. There are many, many, different ways of turning people into zombies! The first two are the most dangerous ones, but the most deadly one is to simply take it to another human and use it to make a "new" human zombie. I mean, if a human is infected with it and it starts a rampage and kills its human host, it will infect the new human!  I mean it's a damn horror-fest, but nothing like the original, but only a terrible one. But what about humans? What about them? What will happen to us?  It's not going anywhere, but I think it's pretty good.  I think the movie was made out of a virus and some sorta virus-like thing that makes humans act like animals, but then again, I'm really tired of seeing zombies.  There was a virus in the original "Drowzee" Movie, but this one is just terrible. It's like a virus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one I saw was a movie, but then I went to rent it at Blockbuster.  The movie had a bunch of actors that were atypical. I couldn't believe these people. I felt like I was on the set watching a really bad movie. They had to explain why they signed onto the set because they didn't know where they were going. They could've explained to me, "Look, I really wanted to make a horror movie with the story of a young couple (Rigby and Amanda) who were planning to get together. But this movie is absolutely not worth buying because I don't think people will hate the movie. The story is the most important thing, but the film itself is the worst thing. The plot is bad (and the ending is the WORST thing), but it's hard to believe they knew what they were doing. It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen (and I have only seen horror films).  Avoid this at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not enough, but the story itself becomes a bit more complex than this. I was expecting the movie to be the only film that's bad, but this is really bad when it comes to movies-making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame when the worst of the film is actually worse than the original one (and one that I thought was even worse), but this film is just about as much as I can think of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Unfortunately, I have to say that I can't think of one in ten. But I can think of two or three in thirty seconds. One of them was really really funny because they were on fire and the fire spread for like three seconds. Unfortunately, one of the fire extinguishers had a bunch of holes in it.  As an aside, fire extinguisher use is actually a problem. Even if you don't have the fire, it will burn. That would be just plain fun.  So you won't feel so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A great thing about this film is that it has such an old title. The original film is an excellent documentary on the making of this film and on life in post-World War 2 Germany. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out promisingly, but by the last 5 minutes everyone is completely gone. Then the movie goes downhill. The plot is so weak, so this movie is full of a load of bad actors who could make the movie a lot better. So the movie is so bad, but it's not really. This movie really shows how out of touch the writer-director is.  I know people who have actually sat down with an idiot friend and started talking about this movie. In reality, the story was completely unconvincing, but the writing is pretty thin. A couple of the writers on this site actually went on to write a novel that was a lot worse and worse. I've never heard anyone say anything about this film, but I can't believe the writers would. There are a lot of things to be said about a movie, but they were all much better than this movie, it seems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible movie I've seen several times. It's the only way I can get this movie is to watch the trailer for it, and the worst part is that there isn't any movie I haven't seen many times. The plot is a major theme in this movie. But I've come across quite a few mistakes and it's a bit slow moving and predictable. But the worst mistake I had was the one made by the writers and director. They don't do a great job of directing and writing either. The writing is poor at best, and I give this movie 1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out in a world where a bunch of weird aliens have decided to take over the planet. There they decide to exterminate all life on the planet with a deadly "virus". The "vivisector" who finds the virus and is in search for the mysterious "vivid colour" that it gives off in the world. The alien race has been called "mortal", but the idea of "mortality" is actually a pretty good movie. The soundtrack is also pretty great to listen to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film-makers are at war and the only thing we learn is a young lad finds an old woman who's been killed and brought back to life, the old woman having taken the life of another. The dead woman is not even mentioned, but the film ends abruptly, as if abruptly. The two dead women and the two dead men are seen from the point-of-view of the dead men, and one dead man can be seen from point-off.  One thing about the film is that it has all the bad effects the poor of the world have to endure. They're a poor man and a woman who are both about to have their marriage arranged and end it. The actors who play them are not bad. One poor person dies and a rich girl is rescued.  But poor people, rich people, poor people and rich people don't have to die, they have to go through hell. One thing is certain; the end result is that the people who are making the film can be said to be committing mass-murder. It's a film about people who hate rich people because of religion, hate rich because they hate themselves because of wealth, hate themselves, hate poor because they're poor. One of the problems in this film is the poor man, the man who is forced to go along with them, but when he has nothing to eat, nothing to wear, nothing for them, he doesn't care one bit.  It's unfortunate that one can hate them all. The people who made this film hate each other; the old man who finds the dead woman's corpse and has his wife take the life-extension. But it's the poor who hate them, the poor that hate each of them, and the rich that hate them. The rich man is in fact a "fraud" who is a "liar" who tries to deceive the poor and the middle-class, because they've been duped and the rest of the audience has been duping them. He's a liar, a "lie-er" and so on, but all the poor people hate the rich, and not the rich who hate the poor. He even comes across as a liar; the poor have to get the lie out of him.  In fact, this is the film where the middle class are killed. They kill the poor to get rich and the people that hate the middle classes are killed to get revenge. He is a liar too, but not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie wasn't in the worst movie ever. This movie, however, is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life, except for the plot.  A "good movie" for anyone looking to see more films of the type. If you're looking for a film to make people angry and angry, avoid this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're in the UK and have not yet seen this film, do yourself a favour and check it out.  If anyone is watching this film it is a disaster waiting to happen. This film is a joke in it self. The jokes are the worst part of this movie. However it does fall flat in the humor department.  The film starts with some jokes from the US, but there are some that are so bad the plot could have been written in stone. The actors are just as bad as US actors, but the joke lines are terrible. A total mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is that the entire movie is actually a dream. The characters are supposed to be in the same state, but it has to end. In short, they act like people who are in a dream...they have to go through the dream to get to the waking state. It's like a bad dream, but the main character can be any person in the world (although there are more dreams). This is not a "bad movie", but a very bad movie that makes no sense, at least when compared to the other movies that I've seen so far. I would rather have a movie without a plot and a coherent plot.  The director of this film must have known how bad this movie was, but somehow missed the point. The acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've spent the last few days wondering why the writers gave a movie with this title, but the title in the movie was "Hollywood: The Movie" because, as they say, a movie is a lot like "The Matrix". The problem is that they give the movie a lot of substance and it does have substance. Unfortunately, so does the movie!  What's up with the ending? But the movie is so terrible - if the film fails to get its way into the minds of anyone, and if the audience is so dumb, it should be considered a movie which tries to force its way through.  The title in this movie was really atrocious and the actors were OK.  Overall, this movie is very poor in film making. It's not too long, but it's not a great disaster, but you'll have to sit through the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the movie was going to be a horror movie. I think it was a "B-movie" type of film. It was an "E" type film. The plot was really bad. It is the only movie I've seen that I thought was actually that bad, and it is the reason why I only gave this a 1 because I thought it was, you know, "really scary". I thought I was just watching a horror film, but I don't really know what horror films "really" are. But that is neither here nor there. I didn't even like it much at all. This film is a real waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so uninteresting that the makers should consider releasing a video of it, but then it would be a lot better. They should release a DVD of it.  I just couldn't understand how bad this movie was and why I should care what happened to it. I gave it 2 stars for the very idea.  There are also some nice twists and turns. The only thing I can think of that is really bad. I was under the impression that the whole film had one major flaw.  Overall, it's not that the story is weak, but the execution scene is really really bad - it's a disappointment that these makers should release the original video of the movie for us to enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you have ever seen an action-movie, you will laugh out loud. Then, you'll scream and holler, but you won't get to see that much of it. It, which is a movie where you are going to die anyway, but where you don't get the chance to make an impact on the big screen with a big script that just sucks. The acting is horrid. The story is atrocious. The cinematography is simply spectacular. All in all, you have to give this movie a 1-star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is, however, a movie based on a bad film and on what I can think.   I know this film was based on actual events that occurred in the last week. It wasn't bad or boring.  The cast is poor, the direction is mediocre at best, and the plot is thin. And there are no jokes.  In a small cinema you won't get the original concept of a small film and you won  Not sure if the jokes were actually funny, but it is a movie and a movie that doesn't hold your interest very long at all.  Avoid at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of you commented that this movie is a typical example of what the film-makers should aim for, but, unfortunately, it's way too boring and predictable... not so.  So, it is completely unnecessary. If there is one, this movie deserves the worst. This is one big pile of junk that needs to be dumped into an incinerator.   If the filmmaker wants to go, they should have the decency to do it himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am disappointed by the plot. My girlfriend is pregnant, but we both know it's in my best interest, so the pregnancy plot is the only reason she would do this. It is the ONLY reason we would know that she is pregnant.  But the plot is what is most important and the only way that plot comes through in the movie is if the characters are likable and they try to convince each other.  Then I am glad that this movie is trying to be serious. It's obvious why I think that is so important and why I am so disappointed in it. Then I want the movie to be released, but this movie has no idea.   This movie could have been better written and shot and the characters were better developed, but at the end it just seems like it could have made a better movie.  I didn't like this movie, but I gave it a 2 for the movie and it doesn't come close to the movie I expected it to. This movie should have been at least watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think most of the jokes in this film are too long, but the plot doesn't matter because it's all that much. The movie isn't funny enough either, but it's not funny. The only real point this movie has (that it's supposed to be funny), and that point is what I think of as one of the funniest parts of the movie. Unfortunately this movie's not supposed to go on a "laugh riot", but it is a very long, painful, unpleasant and completely boring movie to be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are horrible in an ordinary movie (this was obviously a comedy comedy in the film) but the plot is dull to the point where it borders on self indulgent (the plot of the film is not dull)  The acting is atrocious. The characters sound like they just wandered through an hour of film-making. The story is predictable but the dialog is poor to the tune of a movie that, in its worst form, is at times boring. I can honestly say I don't know what a real movie is. It doesn't have the same cast of actors as a comedy, movie. And the acting is bad.  There's a bunch of jokes that don't make sense, but they are the funniest ones. The dialog is bland and the film isn't all the same. The production values are bad. The acting makes for a poor movie.  The music is terrible, and there is the one where the guys walk into a café and a woman in her underwear falls down the stairs and dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main purpose of this movie is to make you think twice before renting. If you're a horror movie fan like myself, this movie will probably bring back the worst of the worst things that the filmmakers have pulled off this franchise. There's no real plot and the acting is subpar. It's about asphyxiation, cannibalism, and necrophilia. The ending is as predictable as the opening. The special effects are as bad, but if you were to sit through a horror flick this late in the film, you'll have to see the first half and hope that it all makes sense. This doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is one of several films that could have made this a really decent film: if the first movie was a sequel to "The Naked Gun," i don't know why anyone in the United States would have been so excited about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I had with this film is that the acting was so wooden and predictable. The story is so wooden that it looks like a bunch of old commercials. But there are still some scenes that will be forever remembered. But these are the kind you get when you watch a bunch movies and then suddenly realize you're not in the movie anymore. The director keeps making movies, though. So it's very obvious that he needs to wrap this up sooner rather than later. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is completely awful and the sound effects are atrocious in every episode of the series. The series is the only place this is ever a real problem.  If you like "Pom Pom", this is a movie you will find on the shelf at Wal Mart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the movie looks just the same as it does in the first 30 minutes when the car gets stuck on the bridge in "Last Ride". "Last ride" (2007) is so bad as it just looks like this was the worst of "Last week". "Dangerous" is the word and that's just the beginning of the problem that is so obvious in the car, but the guy is too dumb to walk through the door. The car itself looks too much like a "C-150" as it tries to go off-roading. There's a lot of scenes that look like this. If you look at the "last ride" movie on IMBD you will see this car running and the guy in the cab talking on the phone while he drives. And the guy trying to drive through a car on the highway looks just like the guy driving off the bridge, but he is not going through that fast. But the guy who was driving the car doesn't look like he is going fast through a bridge, he just looks really stupid. It is way too short!  The guy in front of the girl and the girl driving the truck aren't in danger of falling off, but if you are not a stupid idiot this will ruin your Sunday. "Last man" is a lot better than this movie's stupid plot.  The bad script and the plot is just bad. And it does it again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of movies with the same plot, but this movie is the worst, the most boring, the worst. In fact, if you really want to see the worst movies ever - or the worst movie ever - you have to read the first sentence of this book. But I don't really like the movie. I just think it's bad and stupid. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a very predictable plot, but a few scenes were so poorly executed, but I did not like it was too bad.  The actors were either awful and boring, but it did not matter if the plot was just poor and the story was just there and then. The only other characters that I have seen before were the parents of the main character, but no one was awful and this movie was not.  All in all, I was expecting a comedy based on this kind of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film last night on my local cable and the acting was OK. It was OK but it wasn't anywhere near the worst that I've ever heard.  This film is just a disaster waiting to happen. They should have called it the Disaster Film of the Century which means that it is one of those films that have made a big mistake in one of the many disasters of the past century. I know that it was a terrible film from the point that I saw it. It should have been called the Disaster Disaster Film Of The Century because of all the money I've seen it in. It also could have been the worst film I've Ever Seen. But there was a man in a white jumpsuit that looked like he was going to be decapitated. I have to say that I don't like the film.  The film is a total disaster. The actors are the real victims in this disaster. It's a total catastrophe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, we all know that one of the main characters, David Lynch, is a very special guest. It's about how the people of the town decide if they should build another house or another hotel. But he says he doesn't even understand how this all happened! We hope someone who did this, could explain it to us in the future.  But it didn't explain this all. But the whole "thing" seemed to be so confusing and the characters weren't even that funny.  The movie also has a very annoying and very annoying soundtrack, but the acting is not the worst. The main character looks like an 8-year-old with a temper, but he seems very old and the townsfolk don't seem to even know how to act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting too much from this, I suggest you give the movie a chance. But in my opinion the movie was pretty short on the action and not the action. But you know what I mean.  The film makers wanted to be the first. They needed to work on some of the more "ordinary" movies, such as The Hitcher which is a movie with a plot so bad acting, but without any real action. Not this "The Hitcher".  The Hitchers was a really boring movie that had nothing to do with acting. There are several situations and one scene where a girl dies of an overdose.   I found this movie to be "boring". If you expect to see a movie about a guy getting high, you'll be disappointed. I just think this movie was poorly made in every respect. But this movie has a bad script which makes me laugh. I guess there's nothing to complain about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the movie is not the movie. The movie is the entire idea. The problem is, what the hell is going on? This movie is just sooooooooo slow. But what is that? What is the problem with this film? The problem with "The Problem With Santa Claus" was sooooo long and sooooo boring. It was boring and it was not funny. So that's the problem.  And what is the biggest problem? If you just watch this movie and it's so boring and there is a lot of money in it. The plot is boring and the acting is really bad. This movie was not very funny. The actors were a lot better than people like Kevin Smith or the new actors. But the entire concept is stupid. What is that?! That's the biggest fault.  However, I can say that it is a problem. But that's about the whole concept. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the only problem with this movie. This is the worst. It's the worst one, but I wouldn't advise you to see it.  The rest of the movie is crap like the plot is going to last forever, but it all to short.  If you can stand this crap, don't let it happen to you.  It's that simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No synopsis for this movie: This movie is like the average film you will find anywhere. But the plot is terrible! Well I guess it wasn't.  This movie seems more like a collection of horror films in a couple of years gone by. But when I say horror, I mean it's just about the unknown. What I mean is that this film is made before the events we are meant to read about here. This movie has not been filmed like a "B" horror film. But it certainly is not a horror film in the slightest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of those movies that are absolutely unforgivable mistakes of a comedy I could never forgive. I have watched a bunch of this. I'm sorry for it wasn't that funny, but this movie went on a long and terrible road of bad movie. But it was way too long. It's too long, but it could have been edited down to a short film, and I'd rather have my time back.  I've read a bunch about this film, but I won't waste your time with that, but instead I'll tell you the other side of the story. A movie that I saw when I was 4 years old, but who's going to waste their time with this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember the movie the first time I watched this movie back in the 90s, when I was about 7, I was in my local video store, it just wasn't very good, but I would never buy this movie to see if I could. It is one of the most frustrating movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been a fan of the movie because I was a child of 3/4 years old and my dad rented it when they had the movie together. This movie fails miserably.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am afraid of this film. If you are a fan of bad movie you won't even get it  This film, along with the other three films of this genre - The Woman Who Played God, The Woman with Sixteen Crows, and The Woman With Sixteen Eyes. It's nothing more than a small time-frame. If the actors can act without acting, then this film is one of the worst films ever created in recent years. It has some very bad and bad acting which is totally unbelievable. It just doesn't get that bad plot! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well-wishers say that this kind of film will appeal to a wider audience.  I was so impressed by this movie. A very boring and very predictable plot is an understatement, but the plot is badly executed by a mysterious killer with a grudge against him. The killing of this man was very hard on the viewer.  The movie is in the style of The Secret of NIMH (the sequel to the first film), but this film is in no way a comedy movie.  This is a bad film, but it only has one redeeming feature: the production of this movie has so many special effects in it that it makes it look like an action film. However, the acting is atrocious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the film, I highly suggest you not to go see this one. The original was so incredibly amateurish that you would expect it was a masterpiece. However, there are only 4 people I can think of who were in their prime. The rest of the cast were not even that great looking (I would expect the director to throw in a lot of talent and make them great)  It was just terribly amateur. I had to admit the director was not even remotely impressive as a director. I would be more impressed if they just showed talent on the part of the other actors and cast, and they did not waste any time. However if you are looking for a new film, be prepared to be put off by the "art". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original B movies was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It Was Boring to Die For! If I'm not making it myself I'd hire somebody to do it. Unfortunately, they won't last! The script is so bad, it's painful to watch, but then, it still is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is called "Tarantino's Animal House". The DVD contains "TARANTINO IN THE LITTLE BOX" (2007). The soundtrack includes "Animal House" and "TREEDY MAN". The only other known animal in the movie is a dog that is apparently not supposed to have any personality at all. However, the dog's personality is different than the character's. However the dog was originally supposed to be cute, but the movie doesn't have much personality.  The actors in "AnimalHouse" are the usual actors who just have very few scenes that are very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is only the worst example.  The movie is simply a bunch of jokes - in this case, it's a joke - but it just isn't funny enough. The plot itself - and I haven't seen the movie since I was 6 years old - are the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the few truly enjoyable aspects of this piece is the very low production value. The production value was lower than the production value of many of the films released in 2008. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about an Asian girl who was forced to leave her parents and find a different life. The plot was very weak, but the movie never actually happens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "You look at the plot!" I thought this is the first time we're ever introduced to a lot of bad movies - but this movie isn't. There's a lot more to it - but that just doesn't help. This just means you waste your time. The actors are horrible - if you're paying attention - annoying - if not - annoying. The problem is, the script - though it's the original movie I'd give it a 4 for effort and attention to detail, but it's not a comedy I can even recommend watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only a bad film I've ever watched and enjoyed. That's it. I saw this on a video rental I had gone to the video store that very night to rent this movie.  The movie opens and the girls decide they want to have sex, but have sex before they say a word. I hope the sex scenes were not in this movie, but it was just really really stupid. They made me think sex was just not OK, but sex is OK. The girls were very attractive and I was very impressed. My friend gave this movie 1.5 out of 10(out of 1000), but not a great movie or anything. But for someone who is into this type of thing I would say if you are an enthusiastic viewer you will love this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film version, which I watched on late Friday night with my friends (I did not know this one was a terrible waste of celluloid), I kept thinking the film would be released on DVD after 10 minutes's of the film was aired on the BBC, and if you are expecting to see "Karate Kid" in the theatre, you might get a case of "the man in the mask" on the box (though he appears in more than one, because this version uses the English "man in the face"). The plot line is, as always, incredibly weak and poorly developed. The character development is weak (but predictable), but the dialogue is inconsistent, if not inconsistent. The acting is weak, the dialogue badly edited and the direction is inconsistent.  Unfortunately, this is not the worst of the movie, but there's nothing I can say.  If you think the film version was much better, go and see the original, which had many more mistakes and plot points. The film is at least better in terms of story, characters and pacing. The original has a much better script. I found this version on late Thursday night, and it had a terrible effect on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Some of the plot is pretty obvious and some parts of the story are a little boring and the movie is boring. And that's a bunch of things that makes it a lot easier to get into this mess and watch it repeatedly until it goes off the rails. This movie has nothing to offer. It's like a bad, badly made sitcom with a buncha jokes and it's really a bunch-a-buncha-muncha movie. And then it goes a bit "unoriginal". It's not really a disaster.  It's a big waste of time and money, but if you are looking for a movie that is not in a sitcom or a movie with bad writing like South Park or the first season of American Dad, you are missing out on one of the biggest disappointments of the entire decade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the story of a young genius, Albert Einstein (Walter Sollyn), begins, and we learn how he became a genius.  Then we discover how he was forced to write two books (including the one we're supposed to hate), a novel, and a play (a film). His writing is quite ordinary, but his characters are the worst.  This is not just a film. It's a really badly done film, and its plot is poor, but what can you do when a film is this mediocre, but I've seen better films than this in my life. It also shows that it's been five years since I first saw it and I was surprised at how many people (I had never heard of this at all), but it was definitely one of the worst films I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to read a good book. I have not read it in English ever since I was in the fourth grade in 1983, and in English I was never in a class that had this book before then either. So I am not a fan of this book, but I am angry because they did. They did. I am also angry because I know I will not be back for a long time. They have gone on to bigger and better things in their own time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so flat, but that's OK. But when the two main actors decide to stick together, one of them dies (which I think is the only worthwhile thing about the movie).  I'm not making the movie and I don't think the producers should have taken this much into consideration. If only one of the actors dies, they should stick together. If one of two other actors dies in the first scene, then the movie ends.   But the plot is really lame.  My grade: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have not watched this at all. I have only watched it since it has not been that long.  The worst movie I've ever seen is "The Big Chill" which I saw when i was 6, when I was very young and the only reason I saw it at all is because it was in the wrong order and i had to stop the show, and i didn't see it in that order.  I'm starting to think it's been out of order at all, but it is a total waste of a film, but the script was bad. The plot is predictable. The production values were way below average.   If you enjoy this film, go see "The Incredible Melting Man". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was filmed in the United States in the year 2000. But since the first hour of shooting, the plot is totally botched because the shooter was a kid. It. It's not that it was a good movie, but there was no chemistry between the characters, so much to the point that you could call them "The Protagonist".  The film opens with an airplane crash that is so spectacular that you actually want to hug them all and then scream. Then the film gets into its second hour with several small plot holes that are all the fault of the director. I did not see much in the way of "plot", but the character development seemed artificial and so many mistakes and clichés got me to start questioning everything I saw. The acting was OK, but you have to admit it was awfully artificial to have any kind of character development at all. I liked this one, but I'm not a fan. If you do watch it with some kind of purpose, you won't like it as much as I thought.   It's a pity, but the main problem I have with this movie is that it starts off as an insult. There was no plot, but it was very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. But, sadly, it wasn't. It Was. But the plot is a bore of a bore! This is the worst of the two movies genres I can think of. I guess it was more of a comedy, but, by the way, it was a bore. I could've done without any of the jokes...but then, I wouldn't have gotten the movie.   I do like the idea of the film making as a way of escaping from the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has the worst of it in for me. I will continue to hate and insult this film so I don't get the same treatment. It. I did get to watch some other crap. I gave it 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw the original "Dawn of the Dead", I was so angry at the casting of the title character, which was in the beginning of the film. And the title "Dynasty" is spelled "DYNASTY" which in turn was spelled "DEYNASY" which was spelled like "DEYNASTY". So I'm guessing that the writers had to spell the word "dead" the way they spelled "deaf" in the original novel, but then the film would need to be adapted to the new world.  The cast of this film was very inconsistent. Some people might say that the new actors for "Dead Men" and "Dead Creatures" looked like the "Spleen". The casting was pretty bad, but it was at the very least. The film itself is so much worse than the original in "Dead of the Damned".  The actors were terrible, the story was worse than anything I've ever seen in a movie, but the film itself was a "sucker". It's like watching a child's first film in the theater. The main theme is the stupidity of an all-knowing professor. The "Dead People" are so stupid and the story is completely devoid of thought. The director of "DyNASTY", who obviously had a very long experience working on this film, had the gall to call this "a very poor movie". The story was one big disappointment of the first film, but at the same time, we have to be fair to the "Dead" and make up for the film makers to blame, but in reality, they should have known better than what they did. However, I have to say that it just doesn't make any sense. I couldn't understand why anyone thought this was a waste of time, but why anyone said it was. The actors are terrible and it's not for a long time, the director is too incompetent to admit it. What the hell was going on in "Dylan's Dead" when this was made? If it's any of your business, this should have been the end. They have to admit that they did make some mistakes in "The Dead".  I wouldn't even have bothered with "The Devil" because he was the main character, but I don't know if I wanted to waste my time or learn anything. Just think about it. The whole concept of the "dead people" is such a joke because they are so incredibly stupid
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is a very interesting, and quite predictable, feature of the film. If you are looking for the movie to be the one of the worst movies of 1999-2000 then check out "Predictable". "Possible" is a good film. "POSSIBLE" is not a strong theme of the movie, but it is just an example of the type of film that "Possibilities" are not the problem of a film. It is not at all that good. I'm sorry to see that people were not in it to experience "Powers Boothe", "A Christmas Story", "The Butterfly Kiss", etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this film, the main character is a boy who loves to read the book "Little Tree".  In addition, there are several scenes of the girl on the bus, who looks like she's trying to make her husband read the page and she's yelling and screaming in a loud voice like she really can, but it's only because the girl is reading the book, which is about the boy. But the main problem is with the girl who is on the train with the boy and the boy's mother.   The boy's father tells his son, "The worst thing about the book" is that the boy reads the book to his friends at night, but when he reads the page to his friend, the boy suddenly goes numb. Then the boy goes numb and he falls asleep and dies when he hits the ground.  The other problem with the book is that it contains a lot of bad dialog that makes no sense, but he finishes the book off with some poorly acted actors, like the mother. He also gets a bad script that's supposed to be a lot worse. In the book it's a lot better than this film since the main characters are teenagers and the main boy, a child. So let's not waste your time on this film.  Overall, I give this film a 2.4 out of 10. It's pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of the movie is about the life and death of a young man named Nick (a fine actor) playing soccer with his older brother (also a fine actor in the film). Nick goes to a dentist to get a replacement tooth that he is supposed to have had. He discovers that his brother has died of cancer. It is a very, very slow and quite painful movie. I would advise against watching this one with the wrong set of friends who happen to know nothing about soccer or anything else. They don't know the real story and Nick's cancer is just an attempt to shock the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent interview, a reporter asks whether or not she had ever seen this film: "Was it a mistake?" I agree.   I didn't see this film until I sat down to watch it for the first time.  I agree that most of the movie is very predictable and they were actually written very well for the time they spent filming. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A film like this is absolutely awful for all.  If you are a fan of the film you will probably hate this film. I mean I know what you are thinking... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Predictable results" is the number one most dreaded movie I've ever seen.  The story is not a story to be written. This movie was, and is, the most poorly made movie I have ever seen in a long time. I highly recommend the movie and will continue to write negative reviews on bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't bother watching this movie again. Instead, I rented the original, "Roadhouse," for example. But, this movie, with its plot and constant violence and blood, is a completely unoriginal piece of gore.  The acting is atrocious, but the storyline is bad, the dialogue is bad acting and the sound is terrible.  This movie deserves a 1 because it's too bad for blood to splatter, too long for the script to go on forever and the story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to The Grudge of Frankenstein. He was a brilliant, masterful director. He had made a very good film. He's one of the original "bad" American directors, but he's one who doesn't know how to write. He can't. He doesn't understand what the hell he's trying to do. He simply takes the script seriously, doesn't waste your time. This is the movie I was most expecting to see. But it's very thin on the ground as it is, but then it becomes tedious to sit through. The writing is poor, the acting very uneven and the script really doesn't matter in the end. The grudge of the actors. The plot is too. So if you can find the time to see it, you'd be better off than I was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film several times as I walked out to the aisle with my friends. I was in a coma when I saw it. I saw the film when I was 2 years old. I thought it was an art film. It was a horrible film, but it was a crappy disaster at best and that was not enough!  I know that this film was made for a very specific reason, but the film itself was also a disaster, but to me it didn't seem to have the potential to destroy the film. But the whole film was horrible as usual. I mean, look at that garbage. It's horrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know there were many other movies where a serial killer is a psychopath. There was no serial killer in the original movie. The killers in the movie are the ones who are on the receiving end of all of these killings. But it is an action movie without action. It has one of the weakest scenes in the whole movie. But for someone like myself who has no idea where the original story was going to go, the originality of the film and the acting were way above average for a serial movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a remake of "The Incredible Melting Man" movie. However, I don't see much logic in Melting man. It was supposed to be a remake, but this is really a mess. It's not even funny or funny. It isn't at all the same levels.   If you plan on renting the movie for any reason, do yourself a favor and save yourself $1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You need to love this movie. It's one of those movie that just goes on. It has the same type of acting that I did, but it's so badly written I'm starting to think that it's written as a script rather than a movie. I'm surprised.  I gave this movie a 3 out of 10. However, that's the only reason I've seen this movie before I've watched other movies about a teenager that's been in a coma. The other reason is because the film looks like a B movie that has been made into a movie, which I'm sure I've already seen. The actors are all of a B actor, but the script is of a G actor (I haven't seen most of the characters, but they look different), but their facial expressions and hair styles are bad. But I have no idea why a film made for the public would look like this. That is my only reason to go into this movie so I can figure out why it would look so bad or so amateur. I really don't know what to say.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is OK, the plot is OK. There is no point. The characters are OK. I mean, how many jokes do you hear every week? And yet, I guess it's a waste of time. But the film itself is about as much as you can stand. So the humor is not good. It's not terrible.  The plot is a disaster, but its too slow and dull. This film is too long. Its about as many movies as one can stand, but the film lacks the imagination. It lacks the energy and enthusiasm which can be found in a short story about an ancient Greek man (the film's title was "Panic" which means "Panicking".) I have to say that this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever written and possibly the worst film I've EVER seen in my life. It made me want to take the kid to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, The End of Time, isn't that bad. But it is a lot. It was a pretty dreary effort but that effort had more money and more time on its hands. But if you are looking for a boring comedy and this is only for the uninformed, bored, and self indulgent crowds.  So watch this instead of watching Titanic 2 or this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know the first thing that would help this movie to reach a wider audience.  The movie ends when a couple of teenagers sneak into a local swimming pool. The film is full of holes and is not exactly a horror film. The acting and plot of this film were all pretty bad. But it also contains a little bit of that dreaded film and a bunch of plot holes. The movie really could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a total bore. The writer says that a guy named Timmy (played by William H Macy) has finally made it to order. But Timmy has no clue as to what was in his mind when he wrote "This is a big bore"....but you get my drift.  So, while the plot gets boring, it is at times dull, but there is a lot of gore, explosions, guns and bad special effects. The whole thing just comes off like a kid with an i-phone with a bad camera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie, which is based on a French movie called "Amour des films" ("Amour Films") and an Italian movie called L'Amour (1996) in which Italian men visit their families and have sex with prostitutes, has sex scenes that aren't even remotely close to the original films. In this case, the sex scenes are far from the usual. They're not even close to those with whom the story is the main focus. It's a pity that this film never reached the level of being a truly terrible disaster. If the subject matter were made up, then it would have been a disaster of biblical proportions. It isn't. It has the kind of sex scenes you might expect from an Italian porn film.  The only problem this film presents is that it's just made-for-TV sex with a group of men in which a woman finds herself attracted to a woman who she's only just met, but has sex with her friends, as if she had already had sex with another woman. Sex Scenes are all about men, except for one scene which looks like a sex scene with an unconscious man who is actually a teenager. A man who thinks he can't have sex because he's only having sex with the same woman at the same time. One sex scene has the same sex scene you might have expected, but instead of showing a woman having sex, it has one scene that's completely uninteresting, but not a good one, although the sexual scene itself is supposed to be. It contains several moments of non-sexual humor that aren`t quite funny, but then, it just takes itself out of the equation. The sex scenes with young men are a joke. The only thing in this film that seems to be real is a man who starts having sex in order to get laid. The acting is bad in this piece.  If you're into sex in movies, this piece is a good choice, but if you're a fan of rape, you might be disappointed by this film. It`s bad when it comes to sex in the films, which at times make sexual intercourse look like rape and are completely unsatisfying, but when it really comes down to it, I strongly suspect that you`re going to feel cheated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, but he only wants to end this movie on his own. It's a big waste of time and money! The problem with the movie: He's trying to survive on a desert island. But this movie is a borefest of bad acting and horrible writing. In a nutshell.  In the end it's clear that the problem is the author and writer and their ideas about how to write such a thing. If you've read this movie before, you'll see the writer trying to do the same thing, but at the end he doesn't even get a chance to finish. This movie is like an early copy of the same movie.  And this movie would be a bad one, but it's still not bad, but you're not going to care one bit! It's an insult to the author, but even then you're in for a real borefest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this film. I like it because it has so many jokes. I can see why this could be seen by millions of people. However, I think that most people don't know how to laugh like it. They think that the jokes are funny and the jokes aren't funny. It doesn't seem like a joke. I am not a fan of this film or the idea that it could have been an embarrassment of a joke, but I am at least surprised to see that this was made in the beginning of the 20th Century, but you had to wait until the end of the century for this to be considered a joke of the first ever joke about an incompetent teacher.  It seems like it was made before. If you thought about it you would be disappointed to find out that this isn't the joke of an idiot.   I don't think the teachers or the principals should have known better then what is going on in this film when it was released in the first part of the 1930s. It wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It just feels so much like the "Dog Days" movies or "I Know The Dog" movie from 1993? The "Dog" was a joke. But it felt like a movie from the early 1990s and they just had me believing it was a comedy film. And this movie was just so predictable in its tone and in the situations. And it just doesn't make sense at all. I don't know how a film like this could have made it to a "Top 10" film.  It felt like "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy". But that wasn't really an insult. It was just the first of a long list of movies that should have cost an admission. And you just couldn't have spent $4 on a 1st Edition of "Dog", even if you were paying full price. I'm just glad they didn't actually waste any time and went into the "New" Dog film, because it could have been a better film than it ever could have. And for $4 it's just an insult to people who spend their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    "The film is so poor, it is made into a film that looks like it is a documentary" - it is the only film that makes me feel sick at all. But all film-makers have to stick to what they do best.  In short - avoid the film at all costs.  But "The Film" is, and has been in the world for over 70 years.  All in all, avoid it at your own risk - and don't waste your money and time on this film (I say this to the makers of "The Color Purple" - if you want to see the true and original color-sculptures and paintings of these artists, go see them - but avoid "The Purple One", "The Yellow One", and "The Red One" - at least), you'll be sorry for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw the first movie I thought this was a movie. I was very pleased to see the original 1978 movie and was very disappointed when I went to see this.  My rating is below 2.7 (which is the standard rating for a horror movie) and it ranks as one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I've seen hundreds of horror movies since then.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film version of the film has a rather low budget version of this film, but for the film version it's a whole different story. The film begins at a local high school. It's not really what it is.  This is a fairly ordinary film made from 1976 to 1979. It is not the worst of a bad film, nor is it by any means a movie like this. It lacks the violence, but it's not the best film I have ever seen. I also have a copy of this on DVD, but even the worst-of-the-crap of this movie suffers from the shortcomings of being made in a rather amateurish amateur production, and it's all a bit disappointing, but this is by far the worst when it comes to amateurish production and amateurish-looking special effects. I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone without a good sense of humor, but if you are a big fan of the whole "B" film genre and want to watch it again, or even if you just want to make your way through the whole mess of "B", please do yourself a favour and don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not a documentary, but rather, a soap opera: It's a terrible soap opera like many others, but with a plot and plot to make the whole movie a bore.  Unfortunately the plot is a lot weaker than other movies have ever been. It's like watching a soap operad, but the problem lies in the lack of narrative.  I have to say that this movie has to be one of the worst movies ever. It should be banned.  It's hard to tell what the problem with "plot" is in a soap-opera, but this film does not fit the bill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to rent this in 1993 (I've written a positive review about movies: I found this to be a waste of time, but it still isn't very good.   If you're a fan of the horror genre, then the only reason to see this movie is if you plan on renting this to buy a copy.  The movie was so bad. It was so completely out of control, it was a joke. The actors were unprofessional at all. The main character played by Peter Boyle was so unbelievably unlikable, it's not even funny.  It was a real disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No. the movie has a bad title or something. its not because of the actors. its because the plot line was boring. its very predictable. not a lot of things to see, not a plot line, not story line, a lot. i cant think of one. the plot lines are not predictable. its only because they are predictable. which is to say they are what they are. this movie is bad, it is not. its a total waste of time to watch.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot - the main story - is not good. It is boring.  The movie starts out with a guy having sex with a young woman, and then moves in the direction of something a bit more adult. This doesn't seem to be a movie for men - but just a sexplosion of the idea.  In conclusion the movie says: This movie could have been a bit better than sexploitation.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you haven't read anything in the novel you will feel cheated when you watch the movie (they really should have made it).  The movie's title, from the novel, is, in my opinion, a little unbalanced. I had to laugh and I wanted to.  If anyone has read this movie and liked it, that would be cool, but you wouldn't like it when the plot wasn't boring.   But what about the music, the dance sequences, the fights? How about those, and why is this movie the worst?   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review is based on the movie I saw in a theatre this weekend, when I first saw this movie, it was excruciating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the director's wife, Ruth Hirsch, is pregnant with an African boy, she leaves the boy with a neighbor who has the boy's father, and the neighbor becomes suspicious of the boy and the boy. The neighbor then decides to help the boy, and invites the boy to his home to see the boy he has adopted, and then to a hospital to see a boy he knew had been brain dead. Then he meets another boy, a boy who is adopted to a family in another country. But this boy, though born into a different family, is adopted by the first boy's parents, and they start to have marital problems. The family then decides, and begins to make a mistake. They believe it's their mistake, but believe it is theirs alone. Then the mother decides to leave her husband with the boy in Africa, and bring him back to Israel. She then tells the boy what he's been told about Ruth's mistake and their family is screwed up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's so badly produced I can still say this is one of the worst movies ever made.  The first 3 minutes is almost unbearably stupid. The movie is actually just bad inane (and the last scene is worse). There's no plot, no action, no chemistry. The main idea is what you would expect from a low budget movie - plot is a big word in Japanese.  However, the film goes through the motions. And its not even a bad film - that's just a bunch of clichés that would normally make a film a better film than the standard, which is really awful.  This film is the kind of movie that you would like to rent for 10 dollars (which, unfortunately, I can't get).  The only thing that really irked me is the movie itself - the dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I could see that had some redeeming qualities to it, but it was not as interesting. The movie had a plot, but the plot was poor, but they were not as dull as the movie had little holes in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and it's a little weak spot for me, but when I saw this, I thought "Wow". This is one of those movies I watched when I was younger, and it wasn't that great movie (despite the fact that it made me laugh more). I found this movie very disappointing. And that means I was going to rent it when I got back home.  The acting is bad, but the story is terrible: the actors were horrid, the movie didn't work as a "movie". I have to say I'm a little disappointed because this movie had some real talent. It's just an insult to watch a horrid disaster movie, and the movie itself is horrid. I had to get this on video for Christmas, because I was expecting it to be good for the movie. It cost me $7.00, but that really doesn't help me when you get the movie and you're supposed to pay the money and then rent it. The movie is also really lousy and not funny at all. But I mean, the story line is not the reason why it should suck like "Scream" did.  I mean I could write a positive review about "Scarecrow" and how it's awful because there is no plot, but I'm not going to do that. But that's the only problem I had with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A big mistake has been committed. This film is the one where the mistakes are supposed to have been committed by the writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have only seen this movie several times when it was being released in the early days of "The Avengers" TV show.  The plot for "The Vision" TV series was so poorly scripted, its very existence was threatened. "The Hulk" TV Series was so terrible. "Avengers: Age of Ultron" TV Show was so horrible.    The "Ace of Fools" TV Pilot was also terrible in it's worst time.  "The Last Days of the Marvel Universe" TV-Show was so bad. "I will always be a Marvel fan and the people involved in "The Vindicators" TV Drama Series are so terrible! I give this movie a 2 because it's a waste of time. But I know the whole "Worst Case Scenario" is not something to get excited about.  In conclusion: Don't waste your time on this movie because it has so much promise! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have absolutely never seen a "bad movie" with a plot like this. Unfortunately the film has little plot. But if you like it is so extremely disappointing.  The movie is so dull, they actually make me think I'm a zombie, but I think it is boring and they need to keep me entertained. It was very disappointing, but when I was a kid this was all over the place. And as it was released it did not do well at all. The movie could have done a lot better and the script was also very uninteresting. The whole movie, it seemed to me like it was a terrible thing. But they didn't get a chance to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this in the theater the following year, when it came out in the first season.  The plot was predictable: The main character's husband dies and is taken by a team of scientists who had made a deal with his estranged lover. But at the same time I am not expecting this to be a perfect example of a bad film; there are no major twists or turns. The lead scientist, who knows a lot about the secret of a blackboard that causes people to experience hallucinations and who is also involved in experiments that lead to a severe genetic disorder, is also an amateur actor and an amateur actress. But the chemistry between the two main characters is non-existent, but nothing happens which makes this an unbearable waste of time and effort to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's too bad to be an art film. It's not. In fact, I'm surprised to learn that this film wasn't in its league. It it a "B". But I have trouble telling where it starts. The actors are actors. The story is a story. But what I dislike about this film is its seeming lack of intelligence. If this was made as a documentary, I believe it might have made sense. But this is "a joke". But it's an art documentary, though "art".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film when i was 7 years old, but when i saw it was on a VHS tape. i only had it on for 10 minutes while we were playing "Crocodile Dundee" and it was a total disappointment.   I guess "The Goon" was right. I'm gonna give this a 2 if it was made in the 70's. It was. it was. and if they remake this film then the movie would be better. i mean this film is very predictable. the music is annoying and the dialogs are awful. and the dialogue is terrible. i give this movie a 2 because it is a bore fest. and i mean that. it's one of those movies which is like a bunch of corny music from the 70s. but then it fails. the writing is horrid and the characters are terrible, but that doesn't even save the movie. a 2 is a joke for anyone. but a 4 is one of the worst films i have ever seen. this film fails miserably.  it doesn't. it fails miserablest. i can only hope to ever see a film that fails miseraably because it has the worst script or a movie that's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (yes, it's only really a matter of time and the script is predictable and boring. The actors, the direction, the setting, and the story have also been predictable since their inception, but it. The story has become boring, but boring.  The acting is bad and predictable. It's hard to see that the story is completely predictable and there are several instances of predictable humor as is the case with most comedies. I think the writers should stick to the script and the characters rather than focusing on making jokes and characters (like most comedIES) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very weak. But the movie lacks many flaws. If the story is weak it is because the author had such limited vision, but not because the story had any substance. I'd expect this movie to be as good as "Godsend" or "The Secret" or the whole "A Beautiful Life". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Some people find the movie "Stardust" to be a little dull and boring, but they usually don't think this was a movie with a purpose. Itself it's just boring!  I'm sorry about "Starshift" because I thought it was a waste of time and because it was such a disappointment. I'm also sorry that the movie is not that good because of the acting. That's the whole point.    The whole thing is confusing. But for me, it is just confusing. It is not because they were all talking and not saying the things the story needs to say. It's just confusing because they don't do anything right. It gets old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the first movie I watched when I was 8 years old. It's a terrible film I cannot recall seeing. But that alone makes this film a failure of its genre. If this film ever gets an offer by a distributor for sale, and if the distributor decides to release it on VHS or DVD, it's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite film of all time was the classic "Dog Days". But this one was way better.  I can see where a movie like "Dog Day" could have been made and how it could have even been made. It's really like "Man! My God! Where do you go?!"  There was some good acting. I was disappointed by "Dog days" and I can tell you the story is a little better developed than what most people are expecting.  So this movie really doesn't make sense at all. I give it a 2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I can't think of one without thinking that it was just a joke: when one of the jokes is poorly written and the rest of them are predictable, it so it becomes boring and boring, but when the jokes themselves are poorly written, the characters are drawn poorly. The problem with this type of joke was always that it doesn't work. In fact, the jokes don't work very well, but that kind of joke doesn't have much originality.  My problem with the movie is that it is boring. As for why I don't like the movie, I found it boring.  This is the kind of movie that makes you want to punch the person who wrote it. The joke is weak, but at least you can laugh at it a lot.  If you are tired of watching movies, and don't want to have a real discussion, you can go and see "A Chorus Line" in "The Sound of Music". If you have a problem with jokes, this movie is not the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my view, I was not a big fan of this type of film. My rating for this film is a 1-star.  The writing was poor, but the script was horrible and the directing was very poor.  So is this a terrible film for kids? It's not a kid film for little kids. And if you're a kid, do yourself a favor and rent this film instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story of the movie starts by showing some bad movies...it has some really bad acting, but it's all OK.I think it will just get much worse movie...it will get much much worse film in my opinion...it just ruined the movie and made it much worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you have ever rented the film in the United States of America, you will be able to watch this film in English on the IMAX video library. You will be reminded of what this movie is about. But if you don't speak English, you can't.  This is a major disappointment when it comes to short films, and it is also disappointing when it is released in the UK, where the film is billed as "The Man with the Machine Gun". The only reason I give this a 3 instead of the 2 I give the Man with Fire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the usual type of movie that you might expect from such movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a poor movie - a very predictable plot (with one very predictable story - but this time it has to be interesting, but its predictable, yet not the "plot" that is the movie's weakest.  I only watched this movie a couple of times and only saw two of them - once the plot was weak to begin with, but not the poor-story-that-makes-a-movie-into-a-"B" movie that is what the movie "was" made of. The movie also fails to develop a solid script (but I will not go into details).  The film has very bad effects: A bunch of "B" kids (as well as one other character who is clearly the kid of a "B". But I do not think they are "B's" at all).  I do think that there are two major problems - one is that this movie was a sequel to another movie. But I will say this: "B"'s kids would have been the better kids, but "B'" is in no way "better" than "B'"s kids.  The movie is simply too long (but not boring), but also the characters are not developed so well (though it seems like it could be). "B''s" children are so weak, but they are only kids for a couple minutes, but we are talking about a whole "B"; "B''.s''s kids are so stupid - but only at "B''''s'' level. "B's" kids are like they are kids for eternity. "The Movie" is simply not a movie about the movie, but about their lives, their dreams, and their stupidity - it is a comedy with "B'.s'' stupid lives being threatened by the fact that they are not able to fulfill their own dreams.  It was simply not as bad, but I do wonder if the writing is terrible and the story is as bad. But at the same time, the characters were not stupid, but in an ordinary, predictable "B style" - but not boring, but there are too many characters to waste in the beginning.  "B ''s'' lives are like the lives of "The Kids" - so, it was not the kid that was stupid and the "Bs'' that were stupid and stupid. The kids did not have lives that they could do anything. It was all about stupidity - which is to say that "B is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What? I thought this film is a joke. It is.  I am just a huge fan of "Boomerang". I have seen so many movies about a boy getting chased by a giant robotic shark, but "Buster" is my favorite. And I don't understand why people like "Bunni and Hopper". But I do understand that they can't understand it. That's enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this version of "A Funny Horror Movie" when i was 4, it was so badly edited, i thought it was really one of the funniest movies ever made.  I thought it would be hilarious as is usual with such a lot of gore and violence. But if there were two people in a room, with nothing at stake except a pizza for example. but there were no monsters in it as there were in the first version of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with an old Indian woman and a young woman he falls in love with. He starts getting attracted to another girl who comes to live with them. In this movie it goes back to its original premise of two lovers who want to get married, but who live in separate houses, but can not live together. The plot is weak and it is a pity that they did this movie for so many years. The acting is also not good, but the movie is poorly made and the story is poor.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst was the music (music), and the worst was bad actors, but at the end it wasn't really as bad, well, the script was terrible! What a terrible movie, but the plot was OK, but some parts just didn't work and the dialogues weren't terrible! I really do like the characters in the movie. And I love the whole idea that people are acting like idiots and don't act like real humans.  The only thing I can do is to skip this one... I'm going to go rent this movie instead of that other one (yes, that one has a lot of violence and a few blood scenes). The cast, characters, and the movie itself are well acted and all I'm saying is that "if you want a movie about people acting like people."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, I'm not sure that anyone, in their right mind, would agree with me.  I thought the movie was awful. But the idea is not mine. The idea is the first attempt of a bad film to be made as a film about a mentally disordered child. It's a shame that they even bothered to make a movie in 1999. The only person who really made me laugh hard enough was my mother, who could never laugh. She laughed so hard it actually broke her jaw. But I was very, very angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I had read reviews on this film that claimed that this was a B-movie and i thought it was a good idea to let people know the movie had one of the worst kind of actors i have ever seen, it was very difficult to work in. If you have never seen a B movie or had seen a bad B movie i would have noticed that a large number of people liked it i believe this movie was just trying to get some people into it, but the worst thing about it is that people were making very few choices. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In other words you have to write negative review on a bad and idiotic film: This film has to be one of the worst films ever created by any person, and not in a fun way. The only reason I give this film a zero because the acting was horrible, well, horrible. This film is a mess of mistakes and mistakes, but I don't expect to have them corrected when it comes to production. It's a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are not an American, this movie is about people who want to leave the country.  It has a lot of problems. They are forced to buy a boat which will take them to Japan. But the problems are only the problems of the main characters and only at that point. Then they will get their boat, stay in Japan, get a job, go to the U.S. consulate, get married, get pregnant. But when they get back to America their job is gone and their children are now grown up.  They go to America, get their job, get the boat, go back to the consulate, go see their parents, get in trouble, get arrested, get deported, get re-sentenced, get remarried, get fired, get divorced, get laid, get drunk, get mugged and get killed. They can now do all of that. Then this movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe any of these people could have conceived such a thing. However, the movie was pretty bad and so was the movie and the movie only.  The movie and show were OK at the time. But they only got better and better. It was OK.  However, it's a bit weak to say it all.  This movie was OK and it's probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film was not without its mistakes.  And because the movie only lasts for 4 years, but because the film goes through multiple episodes of violence and abuse which causes the characters to start to hate each other with rage (in the end, everyone kills each other, with the exception of a young boy who is forced to kill his parents and then is killed himself by his mother's partner).  The film and book are both so-called "soft" novels. But the movie, despite being filmed in the USA, has a low budget in a small town in the middle east (I can't believe it, but it is so predictable in its awful style that I really want to be a child in this world), but the book is just horrible.  The only reason to see the movie would be if you were an adult who saw this story. The violence and the abuse are so painfully bad, so the violence and exploitation are not shown.  What? I saw it when I was about 9 years old, and I was very sad about it, and this is just too much of the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an action movie for a yearlong-old horror movie: the director made it a sequel to his original horror movie "House on the Hill". I was impressed with this movie because it was not made in 2002. The movie-going public will not appreciate it. In other words, this was not a movie for people who saw this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the age of 10. It was so painfully boring. However I saw it was so bad and the director wanted to show me that the director wasn't a director that I didn't know how to direct. But I did know how. But the director didn't want me to direct any movies that wasn't crap! But instead he wanted me to act like a 14 year old boy for like 30 minutes. He also wanted me as a 14 yr old boy to act it for a second time. But it wasn't just the actors that were the worst and the writer was the worst. The script had terrible and dull and slow writing, the story was boring and clichéd, it was boring. But when I started to watch the film again it was way too long. It didn't make you want to sit through it, but I couldn't even sit through my whole movie until the credits came on the movie. But if you don't believe me that doesn't mean you're going to believe my opinions. I gave this film a 1.  The ending was OK, but that was really a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is dull. The main characters are dull and so are the actors dull, the actors are dull, but the plot is boring. But the film is bland. Not bland at all. Not even half. Not yet.  My advice - avoid watching this and see for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, the plot?  A simple plot? Yeah, but that's pretty much like a soap opera, but only after a short while. It.  But this is without a doubt one of the worst examples of bad writing I've ever had the displeasure of watching in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A story about a lonely woman on her journey, her loneliness, her relationship with another woman, and her life when she meets a man she loves. The film's story is completely flat and uninteresting in many respects.  The characters, both male and female, are entirely uninteresting, though, and you may not get the whole story.  This is one of the worst things about Hollywood, the only real story here is the story of one woman discovering that she has made a lifelong commitment to a woman she loves, and, but she has fallen for someone who she loves and whom she believes is dying. I gave this a 1 instead of a 1 out of 10 (I don't think it was as far a stretch for such a story). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been my experience watching this in the theater: I did not think it was as bad. I watched this film the first time i saw it. I've only seen this film once at a screening of it.  I've always felt the worst movie ever by this guy.   He is an annoying and annoying friend that is trying to be a real friend. He's so annoying, but so do a lot of annoying friends. He goes off on a tangent about the bad movie.  But the movie is so annoying that the person in the seat next to him will scream.  The movie is just not funny because he's a friend, but it has one problem. You'll be praying you're not in a bad film, but just about as long as the movie lasted. But if you see it with friends you will get an angry reaction when it ends and it ends. I'm sure you'll have a much better time watching the movie with friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, the title "The Devil Dog" is a pretty good horror film, but there was also a lot of movies that tried to be both entertaining. For example, the film "Hell House" (1976) or "Polaris." (1980) and "Prairie." (1982).  I can imagine that in the 70s there were more of these films being made that were not about demonic possession and witchcraft, but instead were about the psychological effects of possession. The films were "funny" and I didn't see the effects of the film in a negative way or the effects the film had.   I would recommend this if you are a fan of the book and have trouble sleeping. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is so dull, but that didn't stop them from getting bored. I knew from the time I saw this it was a great movie! I gave this a 3, but it had a few flaws I didn't like and it's a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, but it's a bad disaster waiting to happen. The whole concept is so unclear. This could be the worst movie I've ever seen. It's so obvious and so boring. The idea is so weak. And that's what it is. What else is there to say, but, 'well-produced, with a script.'   I think the movie wasn't written by a kid. But it's boring, bad, and has a really bad idea. What? Well, I think there's no use. But that's not what a movie is. There's not a lot of story, but there are no special effects. The characters are so unbelievable as to make me believe in them. The music is awful, but I don't see a plot, and the dialogue is lame, and there's not much here. It is so dull and pretentious that I can think of no plot at all. The only thing I can do is look the movie over and over again and give it 4 out of 10.  The only movie I can recommend is the 'worst movie I ever had to sit through,' and that movie was so bad and boring that you want to turn it off and go read a novel.  I only saw this movie because my friends were friends with a lot more movie-makers than I did. It was so pretentious to say nothing, but for what?  The problem with this movie is it's all an act, so what?!  The film isn't.   It's the only thing that had me cringing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the original, I was so impressed that I thought it was one of the worst movies ever made! What a shame... but the other reviews complain that they found the movie's "embarrassing" (and I think that's what the writer was trying to do to me when he tried to write the review), and in the original review, I said that it was a bad horror comedy about a guy with a strange "personality disorder". However, if you like it and have watched enough movies with this "person".  It's not that funny, but it's not THAT bad at all. But I'm going to end this review on a bad note. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about an unknown woman (Emily Ratai) and she's running around trying to make an impression on another guy (Tyson Beckwith). In the end she kills herself because she feels she can't do anything to stop this and so she's actually able to do that. She is killed by an unknown stranger (David Rabe) who is supposed to be David Rabe's twin. David Rabee looks like his twin is dead and in the process of dying she gets into a weird dream where she sees David's ghost in the dream (David's ghost is basically dead). This dream was only meant to have the viewer believe David's dead brother was a murderer and Emily's brother is a murderer too. They don't. It's a weird movie about a murder where a dead brother kills his sister, he's dead, and he dies when his sister dies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie is nothing that i like. A movie i like is something i don't like, but nothing i like at all is, well, anything, but this just isn't it.  Overall the movie isn't that bad movie, but the acting, script and storyline are the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this was the kind of movie that I remember from the late 90s and early 00s, where a couple of teenagers decide to take a couple months vacation and get a big cabin in a cabin in the woods for christmas.  I am not sure if this is the kind that I would rent out for christmasy (this is a very bad movie with lots of violence and gore).  The movie is a "B" horror film. The dialogue is a little poor when it comes to making the plot (the characters do not even speak in a first-person voice). A lot of the dialog is really incomprehensible to me. However, the acting is poor and the acting are amateur.  This movie is really bad, in my opinion. The ending is worse when it is not.  The music is poor, the sets are poor, and the actors are amateurish and amateur. The worst part of this movie is the acting and gore, but you can get away with it without buying a used car, going to a movie theater, or going to an arty movie.  In conclusion, this movie was a bad-acting and amateur-made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was some interesting and worthwhile to see. In the end of this film, I was completely shocked and had to sit through it the next day. I was very surprised that the film had such a low rating of 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No plot, no direction, no character development, no plot.  No story, no storyline, no actors.  I am a film lover, but the movie could have been a great drama about young women (who live their lives surrounded by a couple of college buddies in a single college-town apartment with shared room and kitchen). It could have used the drama and humor, but that could have helped build the characters and situations. It was also awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you read the book it describes exactly what happened.  The actors are awful and the story is dreadful. I've never heard of "The Unborn", but this is pretty bad, and it's not so bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst movies I've seen since "Carnival". I'm not sure that you would enjoy this, but the fact that it on a low budget is very confusing if you're into this sort of thing. It is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is actually the most worthless part of the movie, but it isn't so great. However, I can't see how bad or embarrassing.  I guess the only person who could make this movie was me, and I don't think I've seen a movie in a long time. But in other ways than just that, I really did like this movie. This is really bad. I can do the movie with less effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very boring, but it just didn't work. But the plot is so boring. If you have kids you will love this movie.   The movie was a terrible mess. It is the only reason I was able to write a negative comment about it. I loved it more than I did because I can't stand to watch a bunch of kids playing "Uno". But when I saw it I saw the worst, the biggest messes. And I have never seen a movie so badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, this film had a few flaws: the dialogue was extremely predictable, the actors were mostly sympathetic, and it made little sense. But there were other flaws that kept me wondering if they'd really done a better job.   I'm not talking about the plot. I mean, the plot is terrible!  But at the end, they'd have done better to hire the real storyteller, who could have done a much better job! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I have to say I haven't seen many movies this way. The acting is poor and the movie is terrible. However it's a bad script for a film. But that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is basically what's up with that guy. He plays that guy and starts yelling and yelling and it's a stupid waste of time. It's a waste of my time and a waste an hour.  He also has to play one of his many clones, but he can only do so by sitting down, because he has to, but not until the ending when he sits down.  The only thing he's really good at is making a great scene where he's the guy running away. I thought the scene was bad, but there's nothing I like. He has so much screen time in the movie and I have to say that he has the right to do what he wants, because the other guy has a point.  My final complaint about this movie is that it's like the kid who sits down for a nap, but then gets up because the alarm clock is going off. There's a little bit of story to be told. The movie is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is interesting as well as the characters. The premise is also interesting, but it feels like you're watching a play through the movie for the first time in your life. The story is simple and the ending is simple, which I thought was missing in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original Star Trek series, with all its Trek films and TV series, was released a few years ago. That's when I started to really dislike it.  It is a bit like the first episode of the original series. The production values are obviously superior to anything from Voyager.  However, I am a little surprised at the utter wastefulness of this series - the whole idea of using a giant black hole as a "temple to the Gods". The whole idea, however, is utterly stupid. I can tell this is from the start, but I am not sure what the point was. I'm not going to pretend this is a good show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title to the movie was "Shakespeare's The Tempest". It didn't seem possible.  The film was based on the premise that "Heaven Can Wait". But that story has several problems, but at the core of it all it seemed to be a total waste of time. It's bad, but only for that story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst part of the movie is the beginning...but, I would be hard pressed to think that you could ever watch that movie without the slightest amount of brain activity. And that's not it's a disaster of any kind.  The other problem i had with the movie was the music was really OK. But, i could not get the main thing. It's that the main theme is the main.    The only thing that i could complain about in this movie is that they had such a long, awful story. You had to think twice if you were going to watch this movie. It had all the makings of an action movie. The rest of the film is boring. It has no concept whatsoever. It is as plain as you can get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that the BBC and I have never heard before. The thing about the missing Indian students is one of the worst jokes that is funny. However, that is a far too long, funny, and original film to have to be watched. The film, if you're looking for one of those "Pani puri, Pani puru kum", or if you want to see a funny, original comedy film, the film will have to come close to a standard, and that is one that I was hoping for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review when i was 10 years old, but i think it was a movie from a long time ago. i think this was an insult to myself, but it was an attack on the people who did it. i just think this movie is extremely contrived and pretentious, but that's it, not this kind of "plot". but it's like every movie ever made. its like the rest of them in that sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of kids from the same school had their hair coloured in this. So there was a lot of kids who got haircuts done in this for no reason at all.  This movie was like watching a bunch of cartoons with the English voices for a few months. It was like "Hey, this is a cartoon, but it is NOT.  The writing was poor and the storyline was predictable.  I saw this in a high school English class. I was so annoyed that I cried and demanded to know why. And the teacher made me do my homework in two weeks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the most puzzling aspects of this film is its unusual use of voice overs for the main characters (who are, of course, the original authors and for a number of other characters). Voice overs are an almost universal plot device, so the voices in the novel and the movie are, in a way, the voices of the main character. And, in the case of this book, the text is interspersed with pictures. But in all cases it is the main focus of the film.   One thing this film has in common with several of the novel's protagonists: they all have very poor self-esteem. As a result they end up being bullied by their peers (who do they think is their friend?).  It is not a good film to be released to the public. It is a very disheartening film to those who have no idea what to do with themselves after reading the book or watching the movie. Unfortunately, the only people who can read the book in advance are, well, illiterate and people who have a limited amount of imagination, and, well... what people are they? It's a shame there were no actors, but they are the only characters that are not drawn as if they were. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are a fan of the cult classic film "The Omen", which was based on the cult of the demonic being called "The Chorus" in ancient Greece, you will be disappointed by the very fact that it's a "perfectly crafted piece."   The director of "The Ring" will be laughing and rejoicing at this. The movie isn't worth $1.75 million at the time. I'd highly advise you to skip this movie for your own personal gain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, plot, and characters are predictable. So predictable. But at the end of the day, these are the stories we want to be told.  This is a shame. A shame is a story you don't want to tell. It's a shame I cannot tell.  The only real problem here is the film style. There are some of you out there who have actually managed to do better (not much better). The actors are good, and the writing is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the original version, there were no scenes that were just poorly filmed. It is.  This version suffers from bad effects, bad script and bad lighting.  I really hope I never have to write this review again.  It It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad, it is so painful. This movie was not meant to be seen on a first watch.    The acting was awful, but this film was a waste of time.  And the music was terrible, horrible, and pointless, but there was an awful amount of sex. It was not intended for a porn movie.  I am very glad that the writer was not trying to shock anyone with the sex scenes, but had the decency to actually have some sex.  The script was predictable, and the characters were all clichéd. I am sorry for the movie being so dull and predictable, but the story line was bad, the characters boring and unlikable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was quite a disappointing movie. I have to say, at the end when the movie had it in it's native language (the original Japanese is horrible, if you ask me), I was quite disappointed by this movie because it's not an Italian movie.  But it's a long movie about two men from different countries with very different sets and styles and motivations. This movie is a very disappointing film for me. It's like "The Secret of NIMH" meets "The Black Cat" in this movie. It feels like a lot of people who had not seen a movie like this in years past will come to love this movie and learn something from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an amusing joke when a woman who likes a big-budget horror movie begins to realize her husband is a serial killer, but the killer doesn't do much in his usual way.  The movie begins in the same time as the beginning of the movie - and it's one of the silliest movies I've ever seen, and I've seen it a lot, even for a short time. It's no wonder it got this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made about a couple of men who decide to get rid of each other with an electric drill, and then have sex with each other. The sex scenes are pretty poor, and the two main characters are played by two hot young British women who are going to have sex in a hotel.  The male main character's name is "Nick".  Nick's sex scene with the blonde girl is totally amateur, and his sex scene about the black girl is amateur. And his sex scenes with the black guy are amateur. But the sex scenes in this movie are amateur, amateur, an amateur,  It's as amateur sex. This movie has no plot, no character, no acting, no production values, and no plot.  I gave this movie a "2".  I'm surprised that it cost $4.99 to make. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is only a sequel to this movie, but the movie starts so early, but it's way too late. But then why is the main character, the main guy, the guy who has to look at the toilet because his girlfriend insists that the toilet is dirty? He even goes around with a knife. The guy, his girlfriend and their dog don't do anything interesting, but then they're not supposed to. The characters are like a bunch of little kids. All the characters are either like little kids, or like little adults who have grown up and are now on their way to becoming real adults. The movie has nothing to say. The dialogue is stupid, the jokes are stupid. The story is stupid. It's a big load of crap when you realize that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this movie is so terrible - and the movie is a waste of time - is that they are not. The only problem I have with this movie, is that the plot of this movie and the story are just not there yet. The problem is simply that they can't be. I am not going to write a scathing review on why, as with many of the movies it is a complete waste of the time (like this one). It is just so bad that I can't even express myself.  But it was made in such a rush that I honestly expected to get to it before the movie was over. The thing is, I expected a big plot and a "movie of its own" and the characters to be interesting and interesting. The actors do not look like they were from the same movie. The main problem I had with this film is that it has no story. The characters are so thin that I felt like they could have been. It's like the plot was trying to be so predictable and so they tried to add an ending - but instead of that, what the characters had to do was to be consistent and at least try. The plot and acting were OK - but the "plot" was bad.  It's not like an interesting movie, but it was not made for the purpose of entertainment. There's a big chance I missed the fact that it was an exercise in bad writing. The "plot hole" in the whole movie is simply not filled up with any interesting ideas. If you want to waste an hour and waste your life, give this one a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of the actors are so desperate they are willing to sign on to a low budget B-movie. The film begins with a group of guys on a boat. This film, without the director's touch, is the beginning of disaster. There are a couple of really bad scenes - but I won't give it away, but I strongly recommend checking out this and its peers, if you don't believe in yourself! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that there's too much going on. It's all going to get a sequel. The idea was that "the original series is OK". The writers obviously had great ideas for the sequel, but this series seemed to have a low budget and better production design. I had no clue why this series was a waste of time. "The original series was OK". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made for TV only. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little late 90s I saw this movie first when it came out. It was so very confusing...  I didn't really like this movie that much.  The acting was weak and the characters were unsympathetic.  If you liked this movie and didn't believe in Jesus, you might like the movie a lot. It's kind of like "Christ" meets "Wesley". It's a bad mistake.  This movie is also one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It contains too much blood and guts and all the religious stuff, but doesn't deliver on a deep level and isn't funny at all.  I don't know if you want to see this movie on DVD I'm sure that you will enjoy it even if you hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the film is weak, but the characters are, and the ending is predictable and they are both horrible, and a plot is predictable.  There's also a scene where the girl starts a fight with the guy who can do the same for her. She also finds herself in a prison with the other guy who is supposedly the "hero" of the story.  That's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, with such little effort, this movie could have been better. A movie such as this one is about what a man has to do if he wants to win a woman. But, this one, unfortunately, gets to be so, and I just cannot figure out what could have helped. However, this has to be one of the worst movies I have ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director's intent in this picture is to create a film with a low budget in China.  There's a lot of scenes that can be confusing in the film and this is one of those. The film is also directed by Luise Rainer (who directed many of the other films I've reviewed in this essay). Luise had her moments in this movie and she tried to escape. Rainer and Rainer had a lot in common in their early roles, but the dialogue and plot was poor and their characters were not developed well.  If you are a fan of Rainer, you will want to see this film again. The script is one the writer/director never wrote in a novel format (the actors are better written than they are), so the film seems to be shot very fast-paced (they don't talk fast) and the music was slow (although it wasn't in any way good) but the pacing and plot were slow, and their dialogs were poor, and there were many scenes that seemed to be bad and clichéd.   I recommend viewing this film with caution and in a theater without many people watching it. The actors and dialogue don't do a lot for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very predictable - it's not supposed to be good because it was supposed to deliver the truth and not because it's meant to be an excellent documentary.  This is the movie where they finally realize the existence of truth and justice, but without justice and truth the world will never have happiness.  The other part is simply terrible. But the worst of it is simply idiotic and ridiculous.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to create tension and suspense, the scriptwriters obviously had to go back and forth between the characters and the characters, and the story itself, and tell us everything we need to know.  The movie was simply horrible and utterly without justification, but not in a way that would make this a good movie and deserving of its award. However, I still give the movie a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that's not the problem in this one...  This is one of those movies where you get to experience what it's like to watch a movie with a lot of nudity and a bunch of hot guys doing really weird stuff in front of a bunch nude guys. But this is so long and boring!  Then there are lots of other movies with a bunch different stories and characters and even worse dialog.  This movie needs a remake because the sex scenes in this movie are a little too graphic... but the remake won't help either.  What we got in this film are some of the worst movies ever. The plot is bad, but the characters are awful and annoying.  So if you're a fan of watching bad movies, give this one a miss...and even if you are a fan with a real problem and real life, give it a big 1... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "BATTLE ROYAL!" (which is so obviously bad) is the standard example of a horror film that's bad in the modern world. It is a shamefully average piece.  The production values were low, but the story wasn't particularly good. However, the production values do leave you with the impression that this is a horror movie, though.  Avoid: Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a man having sex with a woman he just met (in reality). The woman is upset because he just had sex with another woman he met the night before. However this guy and another woman are the only ones who are seen as having sex in the movie.  It is the movie that causes people to believe they are getting married in the end of the movie when they turn 21. This is a movie you won't like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script and direction are completely awful (but not hilarious) and the acting is awful. The soundtrack is very poor, not because of bad song.   The actors are either bland or bad, "that's how we talk", but because the script was poorly directed (but they did a much better job than what they had to). All in all, its just not very well written. This movie is simply a bunch of crap that makes you want to scream. The story and characters were predictable, but the story itself was very predictable and predictable.  It is the most annoying part of the movie (I can't say the dialogue was even worth) because it makes no sense.  My rating: **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that this movie could have been a lot better. I mean, at least it's not that it was terrible like a really bad movie about racism or anything.  I know it's like this is the only movie I've ever seen with the original actors.  What I really think is that people thought this was really good for it. It's not, the movie is bad.   And to answer the question I asked previously (and that was why you'd see this movie?), the plot of this movie is actually the first and best reason to see this.  The writing was terrible to me, but it was the music, the acting was awful, the scenery was stupid, the camera work was crappy, and the costumes were really bad. But even with all of that, you're not gonna like this as the worst movie in the world. But, unfortunately, all of these things have nothing to offer as a decent movie. At least, I hope so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a movie which is very painful, painful, and depressing and disturbing in its depiction of the victims. It is not. This film is just a horrible movie which shows how bad movies makers should think and act. In my opinion, it's also very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I saw in "Tales of Halloween", "Evil Dead", "Halloween", "The Grudge", and "Evil Souls"  I know the names of all the actors: John Cusack, Jon Voight, Peter Falk, Christopher Walken, William Forsythe. He could act. This is a case of a bad writer. I mean, just look at the cover art. That's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting a big, it will be a waste of a movie. You can find an entire documentary on this subject from PBS.  The filmmakers clearly had no clue. But the actors were OK. I was surprised, but only slightly disappointed. A couple of the actors (not in the best part) are awful.  There are a lot of scenes, and the plot is OK. But as with most movies I've ever seen, nothing is sacred, but this is just a disaster. No joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is based on the idea that the whole thing is a dream or a dream of death, but is completely incoherent in this case, but it is completely inconsistent.  The acting is bad. the script is bad, but so is the plot. the dialogue is boring. the ending is bad because the writer is an idiot, and the ending could've been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, what the hell is going to happen? But if you're looking for any film to which you can compare it to the one that the producers claimed was "made" by the British, you will be disappointed. The producers claimed the film was made in a manner that was not remotely similar to the manner in which the producers made "Lolita". "The Way of Happiness" was a joke, but this film was about "the Way of Bliss". It was all so predictable. They were supposed to be happy. They should be so. What the heck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are we supposed to think? If you're willing to watch a movie in the same manner as you'd normally would, then you'd like to see some action.  But you won't.  You don't. You don the T-shirt with the "C" on it and you get the Tasty Burger. A bunch of buns are put in your mouth instead. The movie lasts only an hour and a half.  The cast is just awful and they don't speak.  Unfortunately the story does get poor, if you're looking for something completely off the wall.  There is no nudity at all. There are several nude people.  I don't know where the real problem lies. What is there to say that the acting is terrible. I can see the problem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe it. It's the movie I remember from when this movie was first released (I've even rented it three times, but it was at a rate much lower than 1.2), but I couldn't care less for this. I'm disappointed to learn that it's a terrible disaster. It was only really awful since the director tried to be funny, but I can honestly say that I would be more impressed if the film had more potential. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have not seen this movie recently.  I am surprised at the number of people I know who have not even seen this before.    The film begins in a world which seems to have been lost forever. This movie starts where the story of this lost world begins. There are many moments which seem so artificial and artificial. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is so bad it hurts. It's one of those movies that makes people want to die.  The movie begins to lose its power. I wonder if the actors were even able to act without a script to work with. The only thing that surprised me was that the story and story line were completely incoherent. The script was way too wooden and the dialogue seemed incomprehensible. There were times when the script failed, but I don't know what was actually happening. The writing was terrible. I didn't understand anything. I was bored, and I am tired.  In fact, I was completely bored. You can tell what I was thinking and feeling when you sit through this movie. It made me want to go back and see what the story was. I'm tired of sitting through all of the bad actors. The storyline was like a 4 year old talking to 4 year olds. I know why people were bored and they were just supposed to try harder. There isn't a single point where I have felt a need to cry for more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not an insult, but I can see why you're upset because you want to insult the writer and director for making such movies. The only way that movie gets worse. A lot of them have a lot of guts. But this movie is the sort that you have to turn away from when watching this movie with your friends. The acting is terrible and the story is really bad, but you'll have to work with an extra pair of eyes.   But then, you'll only have to look at the plot. That's what I did last time I saw this movie. I wanted to write a negative comment about this movie and tell people how terrible things were: This movie really takes away from the whole movie, but it was a waste of the first attempt.  There's nothing special or special to see this movie even though it takes itself way too seriously to begin with. You can tell that this movie was not for me, but if you want me to watch it all, go ahead.  The story gets complicated and the dialogs are completely bad as they are to begin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Bollywood" is, without exception, an insipid, derivative of comedy. The director has not been very adept at directing this film. The only character I am surprised at in the film is Kunal Kher. His character, in every film I have seen, does an exceptional job.  My point is that I agree with the reviewer. This film is about a spoiled rich, spoiled businessman. A beautiful, seductive girl, who falls in love with a rich, beautiful guy in the same hotel is portrayed in an interesting manner. The story is well-done, and the script is weak. In conclusion, I am glad that the writer did not try and write a "comedic" movie. He seems to think of himself as one of the spoiled brats of the movie industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of films where the plot is poorly presented because the writing is poor, but I didn't expect much from a movie that is based on the writer (and the person is supposed to be a total failure). A movie with such a plot would probably appeal to most people. They probably won't like it if the plot was poorly presented. I really don't think you can, but if you have an idea and the budget, you can make something that is more original than the original movie by casting actors that are not in the film and not from television (I have seen some that are poorly presented and you could really do something with that). It's no excuse to make another movie, but this film should have a better shot of its flaws and its failings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I saw was a few years ago. But in the first 10 years, I saw several movies this decade (especially The Mother and The Grandpa) that were the worst disasters.  I also saw this disaster movie in the same year it was released. But this disaster was not so much as a disaster, but something more along the lines of "A Very Bad Film", "Bad Movie"  A Bad Movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is that it had already been released two years before, and was not released for many years afterwards, but they just kept the movie in mind. However, most of the actors in this movie had been cast in many years before this. For example, they remembered how he had been in a kindergarten in Canada and had gotten himself into some trouble. They were not remembering him in the same way as they remembered him in other movies. Unfortunately, he was too old for most of these characters. The youngest one in the movie had to have a big actor to stand out in their own right. However they could not have done so in any way. He just could have gotten into a car accident. There were several cars which had the same type of accident, but he could have been the one who caused it. But as he would have been a driver, this would not have been his first car accident, and the car accident would have looked better.  The movie had good production, but the characters in it were not very good at all.  As he got into a big accident he was in the wrong place. The problem was, the cars which he had just wrecked in his first accident had also had a small accident, yet they all seemed to have been in the right place, but there was no car accident which had caused the people to be in the hospital.  Even the acting seemed to be good, but none of these people had to be a big star. They all had very ordinary and ordinary personalities. But he wasn't.  For the people who have seen this movie, it had to take a major hit out of all there is to be had. The writing is poor in this film. They seem to have forgotten it.  In short, this movie has very little promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film is in a kind of sad state of mind, but that could be considered "a failure". I was impressed that this could be a movie which was really good in its own way.  If you want to rent it, go get it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My advice for anyone looking to see this film: This movie is a very small step down from the worst of the worst movies I've ever seen in a cinema. It's a real waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I have ever watched this film is because of the name.  It. it it, and it It. The thing that makes this film worse is the fact that the title alone is meaningless (and in some cases not even that).  It is one of the worst films I have EVER SEEN, though only in an amateurish fashion. I cannot think of one worse movie I have NEVER SEEN. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film is not good. It is an insult to the viewer and not a compliment to the writer. But this movie is a lot worse movie, though I am a bit disappointed because I am just not a writer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of a woman who commits suicide after she sees a psychiatrist's wife killed in a fit of rage, then kills herself too, then runs into the hotel room. This is how it ends.  I was surprised, though, that the killer's wife ends up getting a doctorate. This ends up making for a bad script as the only characters who aren't particularly likable are those whose characterizations match your own and then only they are in the main. You'll laugh more than you will with any other movie I've seen this year.  The acting is bad. I laughed so hard I thought I was going to faint and I did. I gave this movie 2 stars (and I give it the lowest possible rating 1 out of 10).  I wish I had more time to see this movie! I don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film which I really, really, cannot believe.  The plot is so bad and the action is so ridiculously cheap. The script is very inconsistent in every way.  This film is an absolute rip off of the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been a fan of this and had nothing to say. If I had to review this movie I was going to say it was a mistake. The premise of this movie was "The plot has many holes, holes that are the result of a meteor shower. The holes are filled with a deadly substance called "Meteoroid" which causes them to explode and leave the earth burning.  I couldn't believe it. I couldn of believe this was the type of movie that was so "good" and was a "good idea" and that it was not one of the worst movies ever made in this genre. I believe the other reviewers here have it wrong. I don't know what is going on, but I was disappointed at the way the meteoroids were created and at the fact that the movie had many holes and holes that it filled with Meteoroid.   The film could have used the cast the cast of the movie and it would have worked. However, because it has holes, the movie wasn't made in a vacuum. The only other person who's opinion I can think of who's performance was better in any of these movies was the actress who plays the girl who goes on an expedition to find a meteoroid. But I think she did a lot of things that weren't possible. But, the whole idea of the hole in the earth was "Meteors" and all other things were explained in detail. I've never been a big fan of anything that was made in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't understand why people thought this movie would be the most popular one when it comes out in a movie with this title. It is absolutely ridiculous. They have to spend an hour or so explaining the title and how it was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this is even remotely good. I don't know how many people saw this movie. I can think of several movies which have failed before. But if it in a bad film. This movie is the worst of it. The film opens on a woman who wakes up in the hospital. It's almost impossible to believe she was the main character. In fact I think it was the only movie that was really watchable on any level. There was a lot of sex. A lot of nudity. A girl in a shower. The girl in the bathtub. That was the worst mistake I could ask for. A few times a day I was in the shower after getting out of the tub.  The film had been made in 1975 when this movie was released. It was about a couple in a long time ago when the world was still flat. The couple gets married in their own village. The village becomes so small as to not even have room for a bathtub and a shower and the girl is not permitted to sit in the tub for two hours without bathing. The marriage ceremony, the reception. And then there was a few times when I was really bored and the two of them got in the bathroom together. I couldn't believe how shallow the film was.   This movie failed miserably. It made me hate on those who did it. But when I think about it I still think it failed miserablly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have ever watched the movie, then you know that it is so bad, and you know who the bad guy was. He just looks like a big man playing a sport. He was bad... but it wasn't. The guy playing the sport is sooooo bad. He gets the job, and makes the mistake of accepting the money. He tells the guy on the street about the mistake, and tells him about the problem, but he doesn't tell him anything else. The problem could have been solved in 10 minutes.  The problem isn't that big, but it sure isn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have been named "Boomerang". But it's too much of a distraction from the film itself, but it too much to see how it was filmed.  There are so many different ways to get the "Boomanang". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film numerous times as a result of interest on my IMDb account.  The only problem I had was the ending. The characters, dialogue and story were poor, but very few times it seemed as though the characters were simply speaking to a kid who was on the brink of going to bed early. I am not sure whether the kid would wake up in the morning with a headache and would be forced to take medicine to make it go away.  I feel sorry for the child. I felt cheated out of it by the ending, but it was only a minor disappointment when the actors spoke with more than 3 voices.  A few scenes were laughable. It is really sad that the writer, the artist and the producer all seem to have a very good excuse for making a film out of this one. I can't help but smile a lot at the fact that the child's mouth looked like a mouth of a baby and the child looked like he was trying to suckle some kind of pudding. The story seemed like a lame excuse for "fraudulent". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst movie I've ever seen and the one I hated because it is the one that I've read the most. It's the movie that makes me want to throw a tantrum. It It's very possible the movie is not worth watching.  So go see it if you want to see something stupid 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie when I saw it in the theater. I thought it was really bad and terrible. I think it is the first time I've seen it. It Is A LAME DISASTER!! It is not worth seeing! The actors are the biggest culprits. There is nothing to say that someone sitting in a theatre right now would know better than I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three people who worked in this production had a good time, but they got into some serious trouble. I'm not sure what it.  I think that by the time they did that, it would be a bit different to most movies i've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so obviously directed, but I haven't seen it in a long time, but when I saw the movie for the first time it just looked like a typical, predictable, and predictable disaster movie. As the credits rolled I felt a little cheated... but I still felt cheated, but it wasn't the only film I've ever known to be a victim of the kind of movie that makes the audience so vulnerable and unhappy. I knew I had a problem. I didn't know what I was supposed to do about it. It feels like I can choose between accepting the whole of it or choosing to stop watching it and hope it all works out in my favor.  But that's exactly what the film makers wanted us to do when they wrote this movie and this was not the kind that leaves you feeling like you've got a stomachache, a headache, or just leaves you groaning. But there is still something that leaves me feeling cheated, cheated, and that's all.  What we're talking about here are the kind you get when you're trying to be funny, but you're also supposed to be able to keep up.  The characters were so wooden that you were forced to think they were real... not funny. In this case the problem wasn't a lack of writing or acting. It's supposed to leave you feeling cheated. If you can't feel cheated then you're just lucky.  I know this movie is intended to be very much a drama-comedy like "Girlfight" or "The Office" because there's so little that you don't notice the characters being drawn into the characters. I was under the impression that "The Hangover" movies was meant to be so much like "The 40 Year Old Virgin" movies... but it's a movie that was, in a word, written, produced, directed, and acted in the first place. And if you were disappointed, don't expect a lot of empathy for the characters...  I think this is the sort that you've been waiting for because, well, you can say the same for many of the other films before this one. There's a bit of slapstick and a bit less cheese. A movie like "Scream" is a tragedy, but not nearly as much. If your stomach cramps then you will feel cheated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of "Little Man" - the remake of the original "Little Woman", played by Pamela Glynn (who played the role as a single mother) - has admitted that his adaptation of the story was far better written and more coherent than that film was. "Little Boy" - starring James Le Mesurier as a baby with ADHD - also has the story line of a single parent caring for a child with ADHD.  This is the only film that I have ever been extremely disappointed in, but for only one film, I think that that is an accomplishment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who's seen only the first sequel to the film, i'm gonna miss the original. But if you're willing to see it's a definite waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Good Earth" (1976) - The Movie (1976), I don't see many people saying this is an example of a film you don't want to see, but they say that a film like this could help prevent an oil spill. But then the film gets dull, boring, pretentious, boring. And it gets boring. But at the end you really do want to leave.  "What Happens In The End?" - The film has the worst plot ever I've ever heard in a science fiction film. And I mean really, really. The plot is boring, the characters are dumb, the dialogue is pretentious. The characters are even dumb enough for a third-grade teacher to write a 1st grader's spelling book.  It's not just the characters who are dull, but the story is so dull and predictable. But they didn't have the worst ideas, because this is not a film, but a series of movies. And the plot, in my opinion, is so predictable that you just have to leave to get away from them. In the end when the credits roll, it looks like it just rolled out of a toilet, because it was made with a roll of toilet paper. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this at a theatre in London. This was a pretty good one in the UK. I don't know what other European countries thinks about this because the script is the same as US, but it's just so hard to believe this is a big production.    I saw this as soon as it was released on VHS in the summer of 2002, and I thought it was a poor film, but the whole thing was too long, and the actors looked like they were having trouble. The script was awful. The film looked amateurish, the plot is poor, but its just so bad. Its not a film I can laugh myself sick at...but its just annoying.  If anyone has the time, then this is not a movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is quite weak because the story doesn't take into account the effects of time on the characters.  I was never a fan of this kind of film. It's like one of those movies made by an amateur. I'm going to go to the trouble of putting the plot at the front and giving it a "3". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is an awful concept for an art film that follows a few years of development for an autistic child. In many ways this is a metaphor for the entire project. It's an awful metaphor for being in some sort of psych ward, just in the wrong spot. That's really not all that interesting, but it is a bit like a psych ward where there are things like "I'm in a psych hospital" but without the actual physical restraints and things like electricity. It is really a horrible metaphor for people who are very young and the whole idea of being in a different place with different people and things (like the hospital) is the central theme. But it's not the worst thing.  In short, the entire movie has a lot of bad writing (but this is only about two writers). I guess I'd rather go with a boring psych ward or an autistic kid.  I was very disappointed when I read the first comments by people complaining that the plot was poorly written. I was also very unhappy when I was watching this. The "plot" was a metaphor that people can find themselves "solved".  If you have any idea what the movie is really about, don't bother. It just fails miserably on the first two points. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is only the worst that can be imagined. There are no sequels this time around. No one can believe that this is the worst movie ever. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the movie, which I have only ever seen in the theater and never heard anyone talk about it.  I would highly recommend this movie to the biggest of the bunch. If you're a fan of the series, don't bother. I've never seen it in the theaters, but I've read all of the books. I know the stories are as far removed from the real world as I can imagine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real problem I had with this film was that it was so amateur, it just got worse. I thought this was the type of film I had seen in the beginning of my life. The problem with this is that it does not have much action. In fact, it only tries. It tries. The film has some action in it. It's all about the plot.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is very predictable. The problem is so predictable and the way this story unfolds is very well thought out and the script is very good.   As I said above, the movie does not have the characters or the story that the movie has. They are all the same. But it really seems like the actors and the story were written to appeal to a wide audience. The movie tries to be as close to a "Lord of the Rings" or "Hobbit" movie. It has its moments. And it doesn't come close to having "Bilge" in the name.  The movie also suffers from many of the same issues that are found in "The Ring". This movie is also not as bad, but it feels like a bad production, but its not exactly a bad film. "The Biggest Loser" is a "B" movie, but is nowhere close to it. The story gets old.  I thought this was one of those movies that were all the way past "The Last Picture Show" and this movie, if only the story gets stale, the characters and the storyline aren't. The "The Hangover" movie was one for a "big" production. The characters are so predictable it feels flat.  However, "The End of the Affair" does have that in common with "The Secret Life of Walter Matthau". "The Affair". But, of course, all of these issues could have been solved in a film. But the problem is more than "written to appeal" and it has a lot more substance, in my opinion. There is a lot of potential for a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was released in 2002 because of the DVD release. But the movie was so obviously dated, but there are few moments where the plot and the action are both really compelling.  The action scenes are pretty good, but the movie is so obviously low-budget.  I can't figure out why they decided to release it all in one big chunk, as the plot changes from one scene to the next. But it's only in two scenes (like in the last two episodes) that the action scenes and the plot are pretty easy to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only natural to compare a movie like this to "The Naked Gun", "Bulletproof Monk", "Stalker", "Army Men", "Zombi 2", "Underworld", "Tomb Raider", "Bomberman", "Metal Slug" and "The Last Ninja".  In all cases the plot was terrible and will be the main theme of the movie and I've seen and read countless horror movies with the exact same premise as "The Dead Dead" has shown us in the last 30 years. The idea was just plain stupid and in most cases the film was just a gimmick to get people to pay attention and to fill the plot in one of those cases.  One thing to remember here is that most people in this film were not zombies, but people with various kinds of mental illnesses.  The characters were not based on characters from "Troll" or "Rise of the Planet of the Apes". The problem is that there were people that were not in the movie, but in the community as a whole and people who had no brains at all. In the end a character that is mentally ill like the character in "The Black Cat" starts to kill everyone that he knows, but that's a pretty weak and meaningless excuse.  Avoid this film if you're afraid of mental illness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel to "The Naked Gun" has not been released yet. It has been put out on DVD and the box said to be released in November 2002. It's been advertised that a box of the first "Gun" sequel is also available. However this "Gun 2" was the worst version of the original film. I gave this one a 2.  The problem I have is how to describe this film so that it will get the benefit of attention. If you have ever seen it on cable TV you will probably understand the problem. Unfortunately I am only 21 years old myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst part of this movie is when the main character is killed in a cave. It's all a lie. It was a lie of the filmmakers (and his editor) to get a "Citizen Kane"-type of movie. It wasn't even a lie for the sake of the movie, but it was a joke. But I was not even joking with it. It actually made me think twice.  I'm sorry, but this movie had it's moment.  The first time I watched this movie I laughed and called myself a stupid hack, but I think if you think about it more like this you will not understand the humor. That's the kind of humor I'm going for.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is actually an accurate one (that makes this movie the title of an accurate movie).  I hope you will not waste your time watching this movie at all, but just give this one a miss! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are only 4 films and the movie is titled "Funny" (see the original trailer). There are many funny scenes that are actually only available on DVD. The film also has a few moments that are not funny and I have absolutely no idea why they were so funny.  I hope Disney will eventually bring back this film to theaters. This was the first bad movie I saw with a major production studio that made films after Pixar. I'm very disappointed with it and I think they should do better to bring back "Finding Nemo". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (2) The movie had such a poor concept. It was only a movie.  (3) The director's name would be one of the names used for such films. It's a pretty poor thing to do that because it's so damn corny, but he doesn't have a lot of money. The idea was the same as the old one. But it wasn't like the old ones, but it's pretty corny. So why did the movie fall flat and waste our time watching it? The script was not bad at all.  There is no story in it, but nothing good.  It's very possible to do a lot better than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Not the music - but the acting and cinematography was at its worst, but there are many other problems as well. There's nothing new in the story and there are some bad actors - but I can only hope that some will show up in the DVD extras, but what is happening is so different than what I have seen many times before. The music is too distracting to distract from the plot and that's not my concern. I guess it will go on for ever. I hope this film gets a wider audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film doesn't really exist because of its "worst" moments, but because of a bad script. The writing is terrible.   The first hour of the film is a terrible nightmare, but the director is not entirely convinced he could have dreamt up a story that is more boring than a bunch of actors. He wants this movie to die a painful death. And that's the thing. The characters were not so boring and the ending was not terrible. But that is not the main point. The thing that was horrible about to die was simply awful and the last time the director tried to describe the horror of this horror is so bad. He tells me he had seen it on a horror channel. And at the end, he says the main purpose of this film was "to be taken as a joke," but he does not tell me it was a joke. There is a joke in this film and I don't know where that came from. There was some gore, but you wouldn't care. I was really hoping I could take this film, but there was no reason to waste your time. I mean, it's not even for a joke and you can make your own jokes. I have seen it many times and that's not the only reason to hate this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My advice is that I should skip this movie, but that is not an option.  The movie is about the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The storyline is very weak and very annoying and the ending is very predictable. The actors were poor and I found myself not caring at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watch this film on TBS in my living room, it is excruciatingly, horribly, tediously, monotonously, but inexplicably, without warning, I can't get the movie to play any longer, but if I'm sitting down and really, really listening to the dialogue, you have no idea what I'm talking about.  The main problem is that it is not so bad, but it is certainly way too long, especially considering the low production values of the film (it seems like it was shot in a hurry by a small team of people). A few of the people involved are clearly overzealous and they have been forced to use subtitles on the screen. The dubbing of the Spanish dialog is horrible, but the dubbing for the English dialogue is horrible. The dialogue is poorly written and uninteresting. The film itself is very uninteresting and the story seems to be far less developed than the typical. The main character who is the main reason for the movie's existence is also incredibly boring, but this movie, and many others, are so uninspired by themselves, that you might be tempted to turn off the movie just because they have little writing.   I found this film annoying and the people who wrote it should be ashamed of themselves.  It is a terrible waste of time if you happen to be looking for a movie that really sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is so incredibly predictable and the director has no reason to hide his intentions.  There's no reason he should. The problem with this movie, other than it being predictable, is that it is a movie about a man who falls in love with his girlfriend who lives with her family. The love story is about a father who is falling for a young girl. This movie is very predictable and very predictable. The writing is poor and so are the acting.  You'll find this on the shelf at your local video store which is not all that unusual. It's not as good as the movie is bad, but it's not easy to follow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a poor reviewer said. This movie should have been called 'The Fools of Love' (1996).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a world where aliens and vampires are the main threat to humanity, vampires' and/or alien visitors arrive on Earth to begin a new cycle of killing.  And to conclude this review, we have a vampire named Simon who wants to be killed. He comes to Earth and kills several people while doing it. It is a sad story for someone who is willing to kill anyone, it is sad that he is willing. And it is a bad waste of time for anyone who watches this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen all the other movies that were released on video at the same time as this movie. I don't know when this came out. The actors were unknown to me. The story was, at times, laughable in the worst case. The script was bad, and the acting was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I mean if you think this is a comedy film with no laughs whatsoever, you're a comedian.  The plot is as flat as a pancake.  But if you're expecting some funny or original movie, then you're on a different level. But it's about a bunch of losers trying to be funny.  You can call it a comedy about how stupid, it's not funny. The only funny part of this movie is when it's an adult movie. But I didn't even know that it was supposed to be a comedy. It's just a really bad movie about losers who take every chance they can to make themselves even more pathetic.  I was going to say to a group of guys who just walked out on me saying "you can't write funny or even intelligent in a comedy movie. You'll laugh so hard that you're going to die. That's when a girl walks in and they see the new guy who's trying to leave. But this movie wasn't written in a very funny way and I know it's supposed to have been a comedy, but the characters are really stupid.  This movie is pretty poor and I couldn't find a single funny joke at all, but they didn't write in a funny way in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this film thinking it was an experimental movie, but it just doesn't work.  I found the director, Douglas Sirkis (who was also the author of "The Naked Kiss"), and he told me that it's a piece of art, but "The naked kiss" only had about forty minutes and "The Kiss" was only about three and half hours. The kiss itself was probably the most important thing. The story line is not a major point, but the acting is awful and uninteresting.  The film isn't so bad, but there are a lot of scenes that are really really bad.  It was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had really only one problem with the movie. I just saw it and it just did not convince me to see it. But I think it has nothing to do with that...  I watched this because it was the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of seeing in a movie I don't understand. It was not even worth watching. I think I can give it a 1 because I've seen the same movie a total of 4 times.  I gave it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the first movie to be filmed without a single shot of a gun (which is exactly the only movie where a gun fires from start to finish) but it is the first to be made without a real plot, but instead without any story. The acting is terrible, although it isn't the worst movie in the world.  I am a fan of "Silent Hill" as the worst of them and this film seems to be an effort to make up for lost "Silenced Hill" and "Silence". I give "Silentshill" a 5 on its own and "The Deadly Spawn" a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are some good reasons to rent a low-budget movie: this film is not great, it is terrible or anything.  The actors are very real or anything, but it is very weak, but I wouldn't advise anyone to go out and buy this movie instead of renting it.  I would never recommend a low budget movie like this to anyone over the "old" films. But if you're expecting to see an old film and if you plan to watch this film as a complete waste of time, it's a pity that it hasn't been remade and remade hundreds of times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is one of my least favorite movie. I have seen it before, on a Canadian channel. It looked like it was a movie that people were watching it. Its a disappointment that I have come to learn from.  I found this film and it was the reason I got the itch to start watching the entire series. It has never held my attention like this was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a shame that this movie does nothing to convince you that the film should be remade. It was a shame not to do anything to help it.  This movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities, the only thing this movie had to do was scare the pants off of you.  The production values were so low and so stupid the writing was so slow that you had to turn it off.   This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen from a bunch of horrible directors that can do so much with the camera. But it was so awful, I hope that everyone involved in this project was also so horrid. There is no way that this made them money and they probably deserved it. The acting is so bad it was laughable. The script is so slow and uninteresting that you have to turn the DVD off or even turn it into a pile of manure on the floor. I saw this movie 3 times when i was younger, not counting the 2 or 3 times that it made me want to throw up. I was a very boring person and I knew I was wasting my time in this film, but the story is bad and the story was so horrible, I was trying to avoid it. It has no redeem value in that regard and this is why they call it a "horrible movie".  I have seen this film numerous times when it was released. But not one of them had any story lines that were so slow, except for the 2 people that came into contact with the dead that were just as interesting as the deceased themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are the only 3 or 4 movies with no plot?  The plot is weak in the story.  The characters are weak, but their characters are too, and the characters are so weak.  It.   I give this movie a 3 or 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is interesting for a second. A lot of the characters do very bad things and they are all the bad people I have ever heard of in my life. They are all of the people who gave up and left the movie.  It.  The plot is very weak and the acting is quite average and so the movie doesn't even get a chance to try. The only reason you might give this a 3 or 4 is to try and redeem the movie for you are very tired and very dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that bothered me was the fact that this movie was about an Indian man who's married to a white man who wants her to return to her father's village, or a white woman who wants to go back to her village to visit her father. Then it's all Indian.   It's all too Indian. The main characters are mostly middle class and the main cast is all middle caste. The movie is like a huge parade of Indian people who are just walking down the street.  The fact that Indian people are walking down these streets is so preposterous that it's almost a joke. The only other Indian characters that I noticed were the ones who were in need of any help, and then again only one Indian person. Then again just one Indian in need.  No, the fact they all speak in Hindi is like the main character walking down a road in a foreign country.  As for a poor Indian in India, it's as though he were walking into a church that he is trying to help people who have been hit by a tractor.  I'm sorry, I didn't realise that he could be helping people who were hit by tractors. His village had been hit. But I knew one thing and I wanted to help the people in need who were hitting them. The script seemed to be poor and they weren't.  Even the poor people walking around in the church had enough intelligence to make the church go away and get the people they were supposed to have helped away. A middle class farmer who was helping people, a Hindu who had just got hit in the chest by a stone and a Christian who had had his son burnt alive. He just needs a little help. But then, at least some people just needed to be helped. But the script didn't fit the situation very well. If the poor white man had gone to a Christian hospital, he would have said "Come on, how could they do that to a poor Hindu? They couldn't even do it, that's why I thought it was supposed to be funny. But no, the whole concept of saving the poor is a joke so the people who did it would have been happy to have it. But it wasn't, but no, he had to be happy to see someone else getting hurt.  In conclusion: the white man was only helping out Hindus and Christians who were suffering. He couldn't save the poor in need because it had been raining all the time. No,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I found this film to be a joke. However, the film is so bad and the writing so idiotic that I thought I'd be in for a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film's title was, "The Movie I Saw," which describes an early attempt at creating a "post-apocalyptic" genre. The characters were horribly distorted, they were the zombies and they were all so very very, very, much, much dull. They are not so dull or empty. They were not very, so very dull either. It would have been a better choice.  The movie's plot is a very bad genre in itself. The story has a very dull and dull kind of self-indulgence. They go to an Italian monastery where the priest, Father Vincenzo (played by Luciano Mastroianni), discovers the corpses of those murdered. The priest's sister, Sister Cecilia (played in an "eerie" manner by Silvano Bava) is on her first visit to the monastery, but Sister Cecili is not, and yet it is much of a much dull and boring kind. The movie ends when the zombie army of the monastery's inhabitants, armed with modern weapons, kills the priest and takes his sister hostage, and then it abruptly ends. I'm not sure how to rate this film because the acting was so dull. It was a very strange and dull-looking.  As for the movie's pacing, the characters are so dull, boring, that we are not in the slightest bit bored. It is too dull to be interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so terrible - this movie is not - you just get more and more horrible - but it gets a horrible name. It gets worse - just a horrible - a - a  It's awful - awful - a terrible - a horrible    The characters are as bad as usual - it's as expected. And the writing - a awful - disgusting  You just get the idea. There is absolutely no suspense at all.  The plot, the directing, the script - everything is horrible. No one is so bad - but the movie doesn't offer any story.   So don't bother watching this movie if you think - "the plot is so much worse than the rest of the movie, so bad. The movie never works. It's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot, direction, script, acting, special effects, lighting, etc. were all poor, the writing was so amateur and the script was so insipid.  I'm not a film-goer and this film was made before I even got my first film, but I was wrong. I was very suspicious of this film because it was a bit of a disappointment. It isn't as big a disappointment if the film is, in my opinion, a disappointment as this film wasn't.  The worst I can say is that I was so frustrated I couldn't finish it.   I think most of the characters, except for one who was so obviously a little autistic, the others were mostly just the typical stereotypical autistic. This film has no idea what to do with his time because, it is so very obviously going to be a disappointment film. But the film-making isn't. It is very bad because of it. The film's a bit amateur, and he is supposed to be autistic and all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little review about the movie: It's a wonder how they can get all the money from the bank and pay the rent or buy the house. I mean, it's an interesting study on how money can be stolen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love the old "A Perfect Day" and I am looking forward to seeing this again after reading the book on my computer!  If you get the chance, go rent this instead!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can tell this movie is going to be in the same league as "Dog Bite Dog" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is a bit dull, but the actors and directing are OK. The characters are also OK, but nothing special.  What was supposed to have happened in the main story is a real disappointment, but this movie is way beyond average for a bad film with a horrible script, bad script, and bad acting. The special effects are mediocre, but they are just not bad. But the story isn't good either, but when they come down to it.  If you have any sense, skip this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is a really dumb cliché to all film lovers, but for some reason i thought this was a bad film and if it should have been called "a bad film for all".  A real disaster occurs when the actors decide to switch places and play in different parts of the world. This means that only three of the characters have changed place and played in different countries. It should have taken two actors to play the "faction" as in "Lord of the Rings".  i mean seriously, how many actors are going to be in the film? it has been almost six years since i first saw this film and it had an impact on me. if you like this film you can read my review about it and feel me out of my league.   I'm sorry i had to see the film first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a long weekend in Las Vegas, a young woman decides to go to Mexico and live with her father (whose career is not great), her cousin (who is, however, working in the Mexican consulate) and her sister (who goes to live with a Mexican family that has just arrived in town).  This is one of several bad Mexican movies that should be skipped by people who are not familiar with the subject matter.   This has no plot, no plot (and no point).  The writing is a bit choppy (though the dialog is flat) and the acting is bad. The only thing that I can say is that the story is awful in "The Naked Gun" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "B" stands for the first time. The film was only available on VHS in the early 2000's, but it was not made into a good movie, but is still a total bore.  "F" stands as the worst film I have ever had to see, but what I hate is that its so bad. This is a movie that could have been made in 1985. It seems that it got this idea from a couple years earlier when it was first shown to the public.  The cast is extremely poor and the movie looks like it's going for a comedy skit. The actors aren't even half-bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can't blame these guys for ruining the film. In fact it would be great, but this is just a bad film.  This is a complete waste of a waste of time. I gave it a 2 for being so stupid, but it's an average B film. It's a pity that this film is so poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not the worst movie in the world.  I thought the movie was stupid enough to let me down, but that's what people do with this sort of thing.  It! But it's a movie not a movie. But this movie was bad. The acting was poor, the music was horrible. A film made for a 7th grader. A movie that doesn't have many scenes with actors who aren't supposed to look like children. This movie is bad. It wasn't as much worse or as much bad.  But I was angry enough about the movie. A waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's quite odd that the actors play themselves, but that does not necessarily mean that this is the story, but they certainly do a fair job. They have all been in movies before and this one just came out one day in late 2005. There is no plot whatsoever. It is just badly written.  I'm not sure how the story is supposed to be told. But there's little else to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical example of this genre is the first time I've seen this movie. The dialogue is really awful and the music is terrible.  The problem isn't the music. The problem is that the music isn't bad. There is absolutely nothing on the order of the original. However the original is just bad. They don't take it to its logical conclusion. The point being that the director clearly had no intention of addressing any of the issues brought up by this. If they were to use the original with proper effort this movie would not have been the worst. It would have been much worse than this. And the movie wasn't even supposed to be "bad". It's just bad at acting, badly made and they tried. The script is bad at the worst, but this movie had problems because they couldn't finish it. It failed because it wasn't made in 2002. They just made it. The actors were bad. The plot was completely awful and they were awful.  I can see why people made this film. But this is the biggest disappointment in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did like it! It had good reviews though, but its like that... its an easy way to get out of an argument, but you gotta wonder if the reviewer had to sit down and think.  The first 5 films I saw, I saw no new.  I didn't even like this one as bad, let me think of it as an art film. You gotta love that, but love me for 10 seconds of this film alone!   I've seen lots of movies, but I've only seen one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of my favorite comedians is from "The Comedy Show". The premise of the show is very simple: The actors are in very short supply, but the premise of a very low budget sitcom is based around a group of writers who want a big name.  This is a prime example of the "worst of the worst movies": its about a kid who gets expelled from school because his father doesn't want him to stay, but his classmates have all chosen not to participate.   I'm sorry, but it isn't funny, it is horrible.  There is no point in watching this if you don't believe this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, script, and cinematography are a definite plus. The sound track is terrible and is so incredibly loud and the film-making is atrocious. The only thing worse film to the end, in which the sound track sounds as an awful warning to us all, is the infamous "Death of The Frog" by Rainier Werner Sombart. The plot and photography are so bad. But at least the sound is a little loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movies I have ever seen in a long time - the original one is the only one I have seen - and it's been in several editions (the ones with the big "WOW") available for years. It  The only thing missing is an episode that I thought, but this one is probably the worst one ever.  The casting is atrocious. The script is also terrible. The ending is flat out horrendous and stupidly boring. I could have used less words. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were going to rent this movie, please, go ahead. You'll get the same movie, but you'll have to give the actors enough attention to do it justice.  My advice: Avoid this movie like the plague because there's no story. If the story was the primary reason to watch it, then skip this film over and over, but don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a few times back when it was released and I found the story and acting awful dialogs and plot were awful in the worst way possible. The ending is terrible. The premise is very similar, but what the hell were they thinking of and what the HELL were they REALLY thinking of. It's like a really boring zombie movie. This movie is just plain annoying. The acting is also awful and the script is as flat as a pancake.  I give this movie one of those "unseen movie"-like movie where it gets released in a theater and people actually get killed off. This film is like a zombie movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a comedy reviewer, it is the kind of comedy that is either flat and predictable and it is not funny. The main character's inability to act, to say things, to be themselves in a funny way is a joke, but it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen it is absolutely stupid and totally wrong because it was predictable and not funny and I cannot even begin to imagine a scenario where a joke would have to be delivered in a different way and it would not have to make sense.  This is a movie where you are either forced to either laugh or cry, but you are not funny or anything. I cannot imagine a world where we can tell a joke where we are forced to feel sorry for ourselves for having to endure the boredom and disappointment, but I can not tell you a world that is not at least as painful as it is here. And this is where the main character can act as an idiot, but not actually able to do anything except being an idiot or anything that is more of a joke or at least tolerably painful than any other kind of idiot. And the joke itself is a stupid joke, because it is a comedy which is only funny when delivered in the worst possible way, but the joke was delivered poorly.  The plot of the film is not that funny. But as a comedy critic, I can only hope that the film were delivered without the actual humor which is so painful to my eyes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to waste 90 minutes of your life watching this film, and want to waste two hours of your time doing something so that you feel like you are actually in a coma when you think of nothing. I cannot fathom that thought at all.  In summary, I did not waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was filmed in New York City on the west side of the Hudson River. The filming is at its best when it takes place in a small community of twenty people living in one of the largest housing projects in the city. A very low budget, independent movie.  I watched it several times while I was in the midst of a divorce and child support order and I even paid a small sum to the producers, to keep my interest. Unfortunately, they had the means to pay me back by way of a bank account.  My main gripe with this movie is the absence of originality, which was sorely missed and was even made an act of worship.  The actors did their best with what they had, but, in a way you would not expect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my first viewing of the worst film I've ever been in, but I'm not one of them. It's just too bad.  But the script is weak and the characters are annoying. The only bad thing I've noticed from watching this movie is the constant yelling and the constant acting and the fact that it's not all that bad. The other characters in the movie are pretty average, but the movie is badly set, the acting is bad and the ending is predictable.  I have no idea how many words are spoken in the actual movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really the second example of the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time. It Is Really Very Very Awful, but this movie is in need of a lot of work. It's really like, the first time i watched this, and i said, "wow" or "hahahaha".  What do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this was the worst thing that the movie industry had to deal with...  But the worst was on the big screen, not the little kid in the theater.  One wonders if the parents of the little boy would have been better off sitting on the floor with their child, then waiting for the big boy to finish watching the film.  A lot of the time these parent-child scenes are completely uninteresting.  The actors are so wooden that the kid is not credible.  What was the point of making such a film? What was a parent like me thinking when I heard this movie was a joke?  The humor is weak and the movie is so very predictable, though only for the few short scenes that are too short and the parents get frustrated and go on the attack.  I can not take away from this film as a comedy. It does not hold your attention the way so many other films did in the past. It is a very predictable comedy which works for anyone. It's all a waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The script is terrible. The special effects are horrendous. They look so fake (but they should have done a decent job), but there are no "special effects" in this film. They are as real as real. The bad script is horrible to bad. Not that bad, but the premise of a movie doesn't even reach the level of "horrific". The plot has a weak spot when it comes to the acting and the storyline doesn't reach the "bad" level, but it is certainly poor.  Overall, I give this a "1" in the worst category for the worst movie I've ever seen. But even that isn't bad, the ending, and the dialogue, are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't even know how I could write a positive review about this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You should not waste your time on this movie. It's so predictable. The only movie that I saw in the last 5 years. But I don't think you will enjoy this movie with your friends. The actors were uninteresting. The story is very predictable. No movie from 2002 or 2006 have I seen that were actually good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was really a big waste of time and money, but I'm willing to bet you they could have just made more films like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most awful movie i've ever seen.   In summary this movie fails to deliver and is just plain awful bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible that I didn't get the impression that the plot was poor at heart.  If you're like me, you'll see this as an insult to the film industry (I don't care if I was insulted). But for the film critic who hasn't read any film before this one comes out, then this is insulting. This is not only the film that got it's name, it's the film whose name, 'Aliens', is what gets it written in the most offensive, offensive terms possible (because I'm sure you know what those terms mean, but this movie is the film which can only have two bad names). This was made in 1994. The director claims he's working on a remake of the original, which means that he knows what I'm talking about and he's trying to capitalize on the original name, despite the fact that it's a direct ripoff of the Alien franchise.  The film itself is as amateurish as you get, but the acting is bad. The sound track and the soundtrack are both subpar.  I didn the impression from the title that this film is a rip-off of a movie made at a time when Aliens was in production.   'Alien' is a film whose only purpose is to demonstrate a failure of logic in science fiction, because it's supposed to be 'the only reason' the story was boring. But in my opinion, this was just not good at all. The production values of the film aren't too high, but I can't fault it for lacking a bit of substance. But it is a poor excuse of a film which has to be watched at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks really dated. It looks like a "The Smokers", with no reason or sense. "TheSmokers" are a lot like "The Grinders", except the Grinders are a bit of a bad excuse for "The Smoking" and there's "The Stinkers". In this one they're on a very high speed chase where they "run" over "The Hatter" who is "The Master of The Smokers".  The two are just trying to kill each other, because they're both just trying get somewhere in "The Plan" which is just a "B" Plot and "The Movie" itself is not one of the worst films around. In fact, "The Plot" is the main story in the movie. "This is the type of movie that can make you want to shoot someone. But the reason that made me want to, well, shoot someone, was because I was in it. I mean, what can you say, but this one is a "K" plot which is really bad and predictable "The Order" is all too predictable. So it's just one of many "Theater Of Blood" movies you can see in a theatre anywhere in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a really boring movie. But a lot of times when I'm bored and I'm watching this, I'm just hoping I can have more. The script is very poor. It's funny and the characters are very likable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review and I think it's the worst movie of the day. It wasn't even that bad movie...It was just boring and the plot was poor.  I have read this book, but this movie sucked.  The whole movie was basically about a family of kids who get expelled from a group of middle school students who know they can get a free pass to another group of kids.They then go to another middle school where a group other students (who don't know what to do when they get expelled), and a group teacher who wants the kids to act like they want them to act. This is a horrible movie,but the kids who have read the book are about as far as I can tell, they all hated it, and the only reason I gave this film a 3, it was only for that reason, not the fact that the kid didn't know he could get away with it.It was bad.  This was a real waste of a bad film, but it sucks.  It's not the worst of the movie, but the story is not the most important thing for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the first time I've ever heard of this, but it was so bad, and I'm not sure what exactly made it.  Overall I've heard a lot of people complaining about this movie. The only thing I've seen since I saw it when I was 16 or 17 years old was the opening. If you're a big fan of movies like this, you're gonna hate it. But, in all seriousness, the movie is just not that good, but the script is not bad. They have characters, even though all the characters are awful.  The only time I saw the whole movie it was awful. I could see that it wasn't the most obvious thing, but that only happens a lot in this movie and then it's only a waste of time.  A 1 star rating for the movie...I mean really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one who knows of the movie has ever seen this.  But the premise is so obvious that the director is immediately recognized by an unsuspecting public as the person who has the right to decide whether a movie is in theaters. As a result, the premise has been made a bit too obvious. The premise of a movie like this is: what, then, is the point of even making such a movie? The premise itself is so obviously bad. If only the premise was not so obvious to the public, the movie itself could be expected to be.  This is a movie that has no one to blame for it. And the story itself is terrible, but it is nothing to do with reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at the time I was watching this, I did not find it at all. I think I just missed it because it was a very long movie. I'm a little surprised that people didn't hate it. It.   The film is full of unnecessary gore and bad writing. You can even say it's in the toilet. However, there is also very minimal gore and, although it is only a B-flick, it is still not as bad as the film has only bad writing and bad acting. I was actually very impressed, but the movie looked to me as the movie that made me hate this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this film is an attempt to recreate the entire cast of "Dances with Wolves," and to create a new species of animals whose appearance resembles that of the real animals.  I'd be glad if somebody who made this film had done so in order to create an intelligent species of animal that could have been used in a video game. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well I am not.  I was not going to recommend this film for a comedy/humor piece. And I am very, very rarely on the subject, but on the topic of a comedy piece, I just love it. But, in a comedy comedy piece I've been known to find that the humor in this film was a bit uneven. It is so far off-the-wall I was completely unaware that it was very boring. But it was so far, far off the wall I was utterly unaware that I was in for the laughs and not the drama.  The writing and script are very poorly written and it does not make much sense. The whole thing could have been written by one of my 7 year-old-brothers and I just don't care. It was so boring.  But it did make me laugh, and I laughed because it was all that I had to see. The comedy piece was very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this film for my tenth birthday and watched it on cable. After the movie was aired, it was the most watched comedy program in the country. The joke was simple and most likely not well-conceived. Most of the humor was sophomoric in the extreme and the jokes were not crude.  There's a difference in quality between comedy and reality. The latter is more interesting and a far better film to watch.  The writing was very amateurish. It felt like I've seen a lot of poorly written movies.  This film is extremely amateur at best. It doesn't have a single joke worth watching and it didn't go through the motions of the "plot" to a point. The dialogue was the weakest point in the movie, but it didn's nothing special. This movie is the type that you would expect. It's supposed to be funny. The acting is poor at best and the plot was poorly written. I've never seen any joke comedy show or sitcom I've ever laughed myself sick or laughed at a joke I've just never been very familiar with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, in which the main character has to go undercover to find a woman, and the guy gets the girl...  The woman and her friend go to a bar to see if the guy is funny and the guys in the bar decide if the girl really was...  That's all for now.  I give this movie a 1 because it's very possible to make a film like this, but unfortunately the script is terrible and script-writing is terrible. However, I give it a 1 to the fact that this movie had two young boys and a girl who wanted to spend the night together.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What we have to say about a movie like this? Why this?  But if you think you are going to waste your time, you should be asking yourself why the acting, costumes, costumes and sets are so wooden, plastic and fake. The acting in this film is so wooden and fake that you can have faith that the actors are actually going to be walking around in these clothes in a film like this. So, if you want to waste some money on a rental of this film, go rent it, you won't be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film, I felt cheated and I was really angry. I don't know when I first saw it was one of the worst films I have ever seen.  If you are a fan of the first time you see this movie you will hate it for making fun of religion and I will hate you for making a comedy about a bunch of people who hate them because of the religion and the stupidity of people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had poor special effects, poor writing, and they tried to be funny, but what was the point of writing a movie with this plot?  The plot is, and I am sure most of you reading this, you already know this was the worst movie ever.  The actors are, and that is not enough either. There is no reason to waste your time watching this movie, but don't expect it to be worth it's $4.50 it's so incredibly bad, and it hurts your eyes to even write this review about it, but you can also make your own movie and watch it for free on cable, and just sit back and think about it.  I had never even heard of this movie before I saw the sequel, but I must have been on drugs, but just think this one is just awful.  It doesn't help that the script is worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film suffers from "the most fundamental problem of all films: the idea of what was the point of viewing. If the viewer is not blinded, and the story is not explored in any depth, "The Exorcist" will be one of the worst films I've ever seen. It's a poor choice in an ever-evolving genre. I gave it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never laughed out loud over a bad film. But this is so unbelievably stupid and in such a way that even I was ashamed.  This film has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. But sadly, the plot was not even close to this film's worst.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The first 15 minutes was like a train wreck, only I didn't believe it, but the first 15 min are boring, and that's enough for me.  The acting was boring, the characters were dull and there are boring scenes. But I'm not sure it is a waste of time. In fact, it has it all. The worst part was when the kid was in the middle of a school fight, he was really punching the teacher and that made no sense whatsoever. It was the whole concept of "the kids are a bunch of b-f-f". But then again, this movie is bad. The movie is an embarrassment to the point of self-indulgence. So let's start this review of what is the deal with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem in this movie is that it really sucks. It is. And I can't believe that they are. But, that is what I think. The problem is that they only make a few mistakes. And you can tell they have no idea what they are doing.  The ending of this movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. And the problem is this: what could be the worst movie of all time? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The way I view this movie is a total waste of time. I found it a couple of times when it came out on DVD. It Was Very Bad. I think most of this was bad because its got boring. I didn't know it was a rip off of "Cocky"). The film has been put out since 1993, and I'm sure you can find this film in the bargain bin. I don't know how to comment on something this poorly made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of the film starts out in a very bad way, but it's not the worst movie in the world. It's the only movie that comes close to the mark I had ever heard, and the movie gets pretty boring. The script is lame and the dialogs get bad.   If you're a fan of B-movies, skip this movie if you want to see a real B-movie without some real action, but if you're not a fan, skip the movie because the film is really boring and the characters are weak and boring and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I first watched this movie when I was 4. I think it was intended to be "Halloween" meets "Revenge of the Sith" meets the original "Legend of Zu". And the movie has no real plot, the story doesn't change. So the idea is to get a "DREAM" - which the kids dreamt as kids, but couldn't, but that doesn't really explain anything. But it's a mess, and it takes 1.2 hours to get there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst and most common problem with this movie is that it is a "perfectly-horror movie, but they are also a bunch of clichés and plot elements you wouldn't want in your horror film. As an added bonus, it is so much like a lot of other "horror" movies. It has the actors from "Breath of Fire", "Revenge of the Demon Lord", "The Ring 2", "Invisible", "Scream", and "Concannion", but these are "horrific horror" and "bad movie" movies I'd expect. The main problem with the movie is the direction and editing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a movie to rent or buy this week, look no further.  If not for some reason, but for the sheer fact that this movie is not worth renting or buying even for a second. The actors have aged well over time. I am in the mood to rent it anyway. This movie is just a piece of crap. crap. rubbish. garbage.  I'm just as hard as the average person. I'd advise people not to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this movie in 1994, I was astonished that the story line of the story is about a family whose lives intertwine so many times that they are forever intertwined with one another. The acting is dreadful and the music is awful.  The plot itself is terrible and unendurable. But so are the characters, as is one-time-worst-worst.  But it is hard to believe that the acting and the movie itself are, for a start, what you'd expect.  In a nutshell: In the end, it is no use. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been said that this movie was one of the worst movies i have ever made. i was expecting it was one the worst i have seen in my life. a lot of people think the movie was made at the same time as the original.  The movie was horrible i have not seen in years but in a few months ago it was the first movie i was ever exposed to. i saw this movie when i was 10 years old, but i dont think any of it was very entertaining for any age group. this movie is the worst movie i have EVER SEEN IN A CAREER, but the movie still hurts. the writing is horrible and i still cannot understand anything on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's like watching a first-rate TV movie that is being released around the same time.  This is just a big waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is very boring. It also isn't. This was a very dull film. It had good acting, though it would seem to be the wrong choice to make a film from a bad film.  The script was poor enough that it made one joke every five minutes. But it could have used more from the actors. It's just not an original film. The production values are much lower than what I could have expected. I know it isn't a bad, but the story is weak. I am afraid this film will get boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know how this movie came to be produced because this is a terrible crime drama. The ending was predictable. The acting was very weak, and the story was very predictable, and without a proper plot (though not at all) the movie stayed very watchable.  The movie also has a few plot holes: The one that I have noticed is the main character in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not one bad thing here. If it had been done right and they hadn't made it, the movie would have been great and the script would have worked.  I'm not going to write a negative critique of this movie.  It's all bad, it's all crap.  But if the movie had been made before, we'd have been better off if we knew it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But it wasn't so terrible that we could have written a negative reviewer about it without trying to. And the movie doesn't make any sense at all. Just the dialogs were awful.  Then the characters wouldn't have been bad. But the plot didn't add to the movie much, but it did the job it was supposed to. The ending was OK, but you can tell how the movie felt to me.  My Grade: B  I'd give it a "3" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad because it's the worst film ever made. But that makes the movie seem like it was made in 1976. It was not made in that year. It's awful and I've seen this movie several times. And while it sucks, I can still give it a 3. And to be honest, the plot and the script are terrible and are NOT funny.  The acting was horrid and the music was awful, but the plot was horriby bad and the acting is so bad. And the story was terrible.  I'm not even going to talk about what really happened in the first three movies that are the worst. The first two were completely predictable, the third is a joke in itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty poor and the characters are poor.  The characters are supposed to be likable (and the director is supposed to have the story and the actors).  The actors are supposed in the movie to be one of the weakest elements in the film. The movie begins as the lead character (Cherie Currie) is about to be deported. He meets a young woman (Candy Faye). She's about to get married (but the date is supposed for Candy to get the ring for the second time).   The production of the movie, it's supposed to start at 10:00.  I couldn't tell you any more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a bad film. I've seen it a few times, but it's really not one of the worst films I've ever seen. The idea was bad or at all. The acting was the worst. I know that there are actors that I think are the only problem with this film. It's supposed to be a movie about a girl who falls in love with a boy who can love any other boy, but she cannot fall in love any boy. But the problem is the way in which it's supposed, but in a film you really need to see and understand everything. It becomes a really weird movie.  I've never seen anything like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie years ago when it first came out. The movie was a total disaster. It Is. The plot, acting and production are atrocious, but when it comes down to the production itself, the script is weak and the characters are weak.  The first episode was a complete disaster and has to be one of the worst TV ever made.  This movie was not bad. However, it was the only movie that ever left me cold when I saw it. I could do better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the original version of this film a year ago, on one of those late night television stations. I was horrified that I could never watch a film with the actors and dialogue as I had before. But, as with most of the films in this film, the production was at its most extreme and most extreme level of production.   I'm going to write up a film about this film and it is an insult. It was a bad film. But it's not a movie. It's a very stupid and pretentious movie and it tries too hard to be liked. And it's a pretentious, pretentious film that only pretends to be pretentious and pretentententious and not a stupid comedy or horror movie that only tries to be entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a bit boring and boring. It seems like a very boring movie but I just want to write more.  A very average movie I have seen in a long time is this one. It Is Really HATED. I think they had some good script, however the story of "A Girl who got a chance to be with a guy for 1 year" is really terrible. Thats why I can give it a 2 out of 10, the movie I was waiting for was "The Girl Who Knew Too Little" and was told that by telling a guy in a short time about it.    A VERY average movie, in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is, for the record, a lot of things which are really boring. It's pretty disappointing that they don't call it "Stalker: A Real Movie" and make a lot more of it. The movie was also very boring, though at least one character was a bit annoying and I thought the whole movie sucked. It seems to have gotten worse by being too boring, but this movie was, in my opinion, way too slow to really get any work done.  The characters were boring, the sets were dull, the whole picture looked like they had been filmed in a hurry to have a "movie". I'm not sure if that's even possible, but I didn't understand that it meant they were "making movies like "Scream".  The movie could have been a little worse than the movie I just described. I just didn't think I understood a lot. The whole thing sucked to be honest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, for the uninitiated, was quite decent. It's not all that bad. There are several times in the movie where the story line is introduced, but when it comes to a climax which is just a bunch of people getting shot dead, they all look like they are getting their ass blown off with some high explosives, but it is hard to make a movie where no one dies and all are happy and everyone has enough to eat. This movie is in the worst of the worst kind of movie when it is not in the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one-hit wonder failed spectacularly when the plot started to change at a major film festival (though they failed to do the same to it), but was too predictable, and they were just too stupid... boring... boring. This film also made me think I could have come up with anything remotely original or interesting, but the worst was not good enough to make me think twice. This is truly a disappointment and a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was predictable and predictable. The characters were predictable. I had high expectations for characters who have the ability to see, understand, and even control the world. Characters who have to communicate in a way that is neither understood nor accepted. Characters with an inability to see and understand the world, who must interact with the other characters to get to know them. It was predictable. It had no depth, but it wasn't predictable.  I did have one of those times that the movie was actually better than the movie. A man who lives in a village who has to make the decision between going to war and being taken to a village where he knows the woman who's going to make his life easier, and one of the characters who's got the ability of seeing people without their ability to understand them.  You can't tell me who's in the right. A movie can only do so much to move the story. If you've never read the book, then you will not have understood.  And those who have read the novel will have had no clue about what the characters were doing, who was telling the story, who had the power to influence the world and who didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so amateur. The plot is so wooden, so is the movie. The actors are so wooden that a carpenter could have written a bad review. They're also so wooden! The script is so poor! I don't know that this movie is going to be a comedy, but the characters are just so wooden. This movie is about an ordinary couple of college professors, a bunch of teenagers, and a group of people who are in the midst of a religious conversion. The professors are so idiotic that it's hard to believe they have actual jobs!  The cinematography is so cheap that you could get a decent job out of it. A lot of effort is wasted on the characters that are not important, but it's just not a comedy thing. They have a terrible storyline, but this movie doesn't. The only thing that I can say this movie lacks is the poor script.  The premise of this movie was so cheap. It's not a satire. There is no plot, but I found the characters to be so wooden and the characters so id.  It's a bad joke, but you can see how stupid this movie got on my list of worst movies ever.   The only other flaw I could point out was the bad writing. I'm not making this a comedy film, but that's not saying much. It has two really annoying flaws. A really stupid joke is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version is very low budget, but this version is only two-hours long. It's only possible because of how low budget it is in. So if you think you are going to have to wait until you are offered free time back then you will go over the top and do what you can to get a good movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people didn't know this at all. I don't know how they can say that. The only thing I can comment about is the fact that it's a waste of time and money. And that's something else. The main point is that the script is poor, but it's all that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only purpose for this movie was to be a comedy, but in this case it isn't funny.  This movie is a waste of time. But only if you're a fan of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie so incredibly strange - I never understood why this would ever become a horror movie for me. I think they were just showing a horror film about a serial killer with an axe in a coffin...the main character is supposed to be a serial rapist. She kills one of her rapists - a serial rape survivor - but then...she kills the serial rapist and the rapist's mother. This is supposed be a film about rape victims. The film makers should've showed a lot more pictures of rape victims, rape survivors, rapists, rapists' mothers, and rapists' fathers - and a lot less pictures of serial rapists and rapists. This story - so weak, so vulnerable - is about rape, sexual abuse, torture, cannibalism, and child rape. The story focuses on rape and child molestation because rape victims are not "lucky", but the story is weak in that it focuses on a mother who's life and family are at risk for her child. If you go watch this film and want to see how this all plays out, you will learn that the mother's life is at risk if she knows the father is pregnant - but her life and life of the father's family are not safe for her. The mother is a serial sex-victim who knows the serial rape victim is pregnant.  The main character's mother is supposed have been raped - and she is not told she can't stop until she "finds a way out of her own life".   I thought I could do this to myself, but the rape and sexual abuse is supposed not to be about them.  I hope this film gets made and I hope that no one ever thinks about this because they want to, but instead of watching this film, you have to think twice.   The film suffers from terrible acting, although the main character gets a lot of screen time - but nothing that cannot be written in five minutes or less. I would've hoped that a man and his father are a serial rapists, and the father-son relationship is a sad story about abuse and abandonment.  Avoid this film if you want to avoid rape and sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only assume it's a very slow movie - the story is slow and the acting is OK - though it is all the same old clichés. This is simply one of many examples of how Hollywood has been trying to recreate the story from the book (so the actors don't change, they change places and become different people) and how people have had to be told the difference between the books and the movie. However, the plot, the special effects, the sound effects, and the actors were all OK. The script had not been written by someone experienced in the book, but by someone in their early twenties (who had never seen the book).    Unfortunately, the only person that could understand the novel was the person who had never read the book and had not seen the movie before. Unfortunately, there are also many mistakes in this movie, but the problems were different. It would be best if Hollywood had the decency to re-release this movie for people who had not read the novel - it was a mistake if the movie was a big disaster.   A very disappointing feature of this movie is the script which is written in a way which mirrors what the writer intended - but they had already said it.  The acting was poor and predictable - although some of the actors had to do a very poor job when they said what they were - which I don't think is a mistake since they are in their prime - and the plot had they changed places the people in the movie would have been changed, but then the writer would have had a lot more story to tell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when I was watching this movie I kept expecting it to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is a mess. It was a disaster.  And then in the next couple of minutes I was about to get on the train, go to work, have a good day, come back home, and start telling my wife and I the story of how we met, got married, etc. It didn't work. We made an appointment for a new appointment, a bad one. But it was a mess, and that is what happened to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am looking forward to my future viewing of this movie: This is the type of film where they get together and you get to know a girl who has a boyfriend who just walks in through the window and it on the table. It is a mess of clichés that makes you think a movie made this year will be good because it is not the same. I really don't know why it bothered making another film that's nothing like this, but this was one I didn't like because I knew that the director wasn't telling the truth, but because they used such poor dialogue.  A little too long a film that I saw, they had a bunch of girls running around naked in a very confusing way that made you think you were watching a porno. A girl with a really bad body and some kind of body modification is a great deal for the viewer. I don't think anyone was thinking when they saw naked girls running round in the snow nude, naked in the pool naked, naked walking around in the nude, and so forth. But there are only so many things the viewer could do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been looking at the script, and the writing is very poor. I have only seen a few films this decade that I consider worth looking at.  But in the context of the movie, this is a real disappointment. It's a pity that the cast, particularly the older one(Wesley Snipes), is quite small. It doesn't work! The only film I've seen where the script was bad. The script was, by most of the people I talk to(even the two younger ones), an annoying cliché.   The acting is bad, I have seen worse movies in the past decade.  If you want to see a film where you feel like you need to stay and see "Dog Days" at least for the laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad film. There is no plot, but it is awful to have a plot and I think the casting is atrocious.  I give this a 3 out of 10, but the plot is so bad in it is almost laughable. If you are a person who believes that every film needs a story, this film could have easily been a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a couple of funny scenes in the beginning, and a couple more funny parts at the end. The movie is just a complete borefest of bad acting, a total mess of stupidity and a total waste of time. They even have one of the worst movies ever made, but I'm glad I didn't waste any money on this movie.  There are no "goodies". It's a total catastrophe!  All in all it's like a mini version of the "Star Wars" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what the original title should have sounded like. I can't say I was one big fan of "Stalker: The Fall" - it was a pretty good idea - but I didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the only movie in the movie where a teenager is a "wonder" and we learn about life for a couple of hours.  I found this movie in a video called "Dinosaur Island" and I found a couple hours of this movie before the actual dinosaur came. I also saw this movie when I went to my local library and saw the actual movie with the kid on the screen. My daughter and I were going to the movie theater and waiting in line to see it. I was waiting in the theater and hoping that the dinosaur would get eaten. The movie went off without a hitch and was the only thing that could have been saved with this movie. I do recommend checking out the movie again, but even if you do decide to rent it the movie has a lot of good animation. It would not be in the least bit boring and I would give it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original script was terrible and so the movie had to be cancelled. I just can't imagine how they were going to be able to finance a movie like this. But that is just me. The audience can imagine. They are not. What movie. What actor. But there is no plot.  I was hoping that I would find anything interesting in this, but it's all very much not the worst.  This movie is one of those movies that really had me cringing. It is beyond the point of a 3rd rate B movie, but the actors were bad and the acting could have been as bad. The script was bad and in need of repair. I am not sure if the story was developed for the better, but I think this movie could have really used better script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I love this movie because of the way it was so awful - there are no jokes or laughs whatsoever!   But for the whole movie, it feels like a joke, but they don't even get a joke!  The thing about the movie and the movie is what really bothered me most - it's the way that's supposed to make me feel like I'm a part of something. It's like watching the beginning of a joke before it was over. It doesn't matter that much.  Overall, I'm giving this movie a 2 because it was a joke.  I have no idea what the original joke was; but then it's not like "Oh my god! This movie is so funny!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, along with the movie starring Paul Lukas and the movie with the actors who play him, and the book by the author of the novel, should have been renamed "Hollywood," but it's not. This movie has the misfortune of being almost identical to a movie that has never been filmed in the U.S. that I've read on my flight back from Hong Kong. The actors all seem to be in their mid-30s. The movie contains all the elements I expect from "Hitchcock" in terms of story and dialog. The casting is poor compared to the one in "The Black Cat."  "Hitchingcock" seems like such a lame, pretentious, and pretentious film; it really is like, "this movie will have you falling over and vomiting." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film version of this story has been very inaccurate. A man meets a girl in the woods and realizes that she is going to get killed by a bear. She is sent away by bear, and then falls down a hill and dies.  The bear scene is pretty poor. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the only thing that keeps this movie afloat.  The movie is like one of those movies where the acting is not terrible, but it has nothing. The script is weak and not funny. There is no time, but the dialogue and characters are. The actors are very average. They are even good, but I'm going to save this movie for the rest of the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But before we were even in the theater it was not worth renting and watching, but this was just another way the "B" tries to get the attention of a younger generation who is not yet ready to get up and see the whole movie.  The actors were OK, but the director obviously wanted us to think.  This is a very lame B-movie, but it's very obvious that they have not given this much thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one in their right mind is going to rate this film. However I doubt if that is possible.  It, its just not funny. I can only imagine why everyone else has chosen this film as their worst film of the last 3 years and I am not going to waste my time in thinking they are any funnier than the one I saw years ago.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a couple of girls living in a small town who go through a very bad event (like a funeral) and who meet a guy who is supposed to be the real murderer (which he is), but he comes in too late (in the beginning of the film), and when the killer tries to escape (by making his body disappear and walking into the woods, the killers follow him). But the killings never happen, but are instead just left unexplained until the end. It's an extremely confusing film, but I would never want to waste my time on this movie.  I'm sure that I can think of many movies that I could have made after watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what exactly is this?! What is the point? The idea is that if there's only one of them (not one, not two!), then it becomes one! No plot! No action! Nothing happens! A man who finds himself in the hospital has a wife and son who both live. The son has to kill a dog who comes to kill his father. No plot, no action! And they are also, as always, completely idiotic and unemotional.  I cannot believe that they would even allow for such a film to be produced. But they also made such films which I thought were utterly awful and boring. But that's about it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that the events were simply caused by an invisible presence of an invisible hand. But this is about a bunch of people who are possessed of a demonic spirit, a demon and an invisible one at the same time, but it seems to be very obvious. It is hard to believe that such people exist.  The plot is weak, but that's not the case. The demonic presence is obvious, but the demonic spirit seems to vanish and disappear without explanation. And it doesn't seem possible for such spirits to exist, but only for the demons to exist. But the demons seem to be able to cause some changes in the world, because the world has a very weak will, but they seem to exist at an extremely high rate of speed. And when a demon takes over a human body, the result is quite disturbing, but such a change is not apparent at all. The demons aren't able to turn humans into zombies and turn humans back into humans without killing any humans, but when a human is killed, the change in the body is quite apparent. But that's it. I'll stick with the explanation for the sake of those of you who aren't up to date.   I recommend you avoid this movie if you value your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In fact, this movie is based on a novel which is not written by a novelist who is supposed to have written the novel (although I can certainly appreciate some of the flaws in the novel which are reflected in the film) but by the director (the same person who brought us The Dead and A River Runs Through It) and his assistants. There is no coherent plot - it's pure torture porn.  I'm sure you can tell me where it is, but I couldn't say where I had been, and I wouldn't be surprised at all the things I had heard about this film. It's a film which is nothing short of painful and degrading. The fact that it's a piece of torture porn doesn't change that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie a couple of years ago, but didn't even think much about it's my opinion. It's not my favorite film, but I did like the music. The fact that it's a music album in itself is a mistake that shows a lot about music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (The cast is very old). The film is not so bad and the cast are not the worst. They are actors with a lot of skill.  I would recommend avoiding this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to the movies theater to see the original version of this film. It's a movie that has some redeeming qualities.   I'm going to say if I thought this film was going in a real direction that is as bad, that it was going on a journey, that's way too predictable, that is way too much.  I can think of one scene in this film that is particularly annoying and in that way, that makes it more like a comedy movie. The scene where the dog gets attacked by an aggressive dog that's running at a speed that can run him through. This is a movie for people who are not very bright when it comes to animal cruelty. It also makes it look like a bunch of other films to be a comedy horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you can bear to listen to the movie, then, you'll be happy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of this movie. My advice: Go see this one if you think you're going to like this movie, even though it will be more watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor in this movie as in most of the first 50 movies. However, it's still not an average movie but a total waste of time.  The movie has a small bit of humor as in the first one, but it's not as dull at all. The plot is weak, but the movie itself is a bunch of waste.  There is nothing new here. It is a rather weak movie, but nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, after that, it's just a little too long. I mean really, it. I didn't expect it to be the worst movie ever, but I did expect it was "bad", but I think I may have been a little harsh for that.  My rating: **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way it's good. But, the plot is boring and it doesn't make much sense, but they have the story and the movie doesn't have any meaning.  The movie starts when the kid finds himself in a strange new place. He runs to a friend and asks "why is that place suddenly populated by skeletons?" and the friend says "why are you saying this?" and then says "are we really in the Middle Ages?" and that the kid is the ancestor of the dead guy he's talking about. He doesn't explain why the guy is dead, but that's about it, but it's not really that scary.  He just thinks he's in the middle Ages!  The main story has a bad plot that is bad. There are other movies that are way worse.  Other times it just fails to be original.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only problem I have with this movie is the fact that it has been made into a very, very big, bad movie. But it is not that great. But the problem is, that it is bad. The movie has nothing interesting to say, but the movie is awful. It is so very poorly made. The actors are horrible, unfortunately, not that talented. I would say it is a bad film with a bunch of horrible, uninteresting and interesting characters, but if you want to waste your time, go and see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie looks like a terrible movie, but this movie gets the point. The actors get paid, but it's really not a typical movie, not a waste of time. This is a film of very low budget and very poor production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Cajuns" is one of my most hated genre, but the movie is a little too long. "The Cure" is an old one of the worst and most overrated movies I've ever seen. It. It hurts. It's painful. You may hate this. I hate it. I love it. So the story is about to be told.  This movie is nothing compared to this. It just beats this movie by a mile.   I think it's a big mistake to hate this movie, but it's only one of many things I hate.  The acting is the worst part of this movie. It could have been so much worse than this. The storyline is horrible, the plot is disgusting and so are the scenes. "I hate it so much I've turned off the video every time I saw it." So you want to know, in the world where the movie was written, the people who gave the movie this name were the biggest of all. However the acting was terrible and the dialogue is a waste of time.  I just hope that this movie will never get released because I do not want to spend my precious time writing another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can remember watching this in school...  I didn't even know how the acting was supposed to be funny... because they put funny lines in their film. I really don't think the characters were that funny.  Inky Black Magic, the main character is a kid who magically becomes a little black magician. So the kid goes back to be a black magician, and finds that he's been turned into a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable. The plot has more depth than most films I have ever seen, but its a pretty lame story. The cinematography is the weakest point of this movie. The performances by each actor are believable. The movie moves pretty fast. It's a very, very predictable film.  I am going to post a more negative review, but this is not a bad film, but rather, a very boring one. It doesn't come close to being a disaster, but it just comes across as an average film. I do not know why it was made before I had seen it. It just sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can imagine there are many reasons to be excited about this movie. But there are others reasons to avoid. But the main reason is that this movie was filmed by a man who worked on a very low budget. His name and identity are also used throughout the movie.  A lot of the acting and characters were reminiscent of other movies by directors like Gus Van Sant and Francis Ford Coppola. The music score was just plain awful and annoying, but the movie itself had a nice, low budget feel to it. But it wasn't just that. The story and dialogue were very basic in their presentation. But overall the movie was pretty basic.  This movie had it all.  I had high hopes that this was the worst movie ever. It just didn't know how to deliver the message. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title screen for this movie has an animated star and a number of animated characters with varying abilities:  This movie is awful. But at the end, we are treated to a movie where you will see three boys and two girls, and an animated dog.  If you get the opportunity, this movie isn't your only choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's one of the worst movies i have ever seen. But this movie is very poorly made and so the acting is completely poor (though he's also poor) and the story is completely unbelievable.  As an average movie, this movie just doesn't live up to its reputation.  The only thing this movie could've possibly done better was "I've never seen this movie before. It is so boring, even after 3 weeks, a kid of 4 years can't write. I've never been disappointed when watching this movie. I wish it wasn't so slow, but it's a huge disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a nutshell, this film is very uninteresting. Its plot seems to be an acquired taste, but it a real bore. Its too uninteresting, but the story is poorly acted. The acting is unevenly awful, the story gets boring. But the story, by which a lot of scenes fail to carry meaning.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not gonna lie to you guys.  I think you guys are gonna get a good idea here - but if you have no idea what you are doing - you gotta go see "Crocodile Dundee" with the guy who played the bassist and the drummer.  The title song is "Crawling into Space". But the plot is the only good part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've ever wanted to watch this film for a good laugh, you've already found a way to do so, but only if you have an extra $4. I saw this film as it came out in a couple of weeks.  If this film is a big disappointment to you, and I am sure you are a very big disappointment in your own right, this film also has the potential for some laughs. The cast is OK, but I don't think it needs any more.  The movie is based on a very thin slice of time, as it is with most of the films I've seen this year. This has got a very bad script. The story, as with most comedies of this type, is very long, and the humour is extremely dull. The worst part about this film comes from the fact that it's based on real events. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After I saw this, I'm going to stop watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main flaw in this film is its "clichéd", but it's supposed to be in poor taste, but the main point was the fact that this film, as I said before, had such poor taste. The producers of "The Black Cat", which was an early film which I was in at the time, did an excellent job, but I think they could have done better. In conclusion, I gave "The Cat" a 3 out of 10 for being an early example of this kind of "plot" in a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline that we are following leads us to believe that the director of this movie had no story and no story. This movie was the result of a film that, as I said before, seems to be one of those "unintentionally bad" movies. This is a real mess. I highly recommend this movie as nothing more than a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of this film makes no mention of the other two protagonists (played by John Ritter and Christopher Walken). Ritter is his usual self-destructive self-indulgence. The plot is weak in the face of his desperate and unhinged quest to escape to a life with no possibility. However, this film is devoid of any kind of intelligence. It is a pity that it lacks any kind and any depth.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it first came out in France. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is actually one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but it's all a joke. I laughed, but that was really just too much.   The fact that the story is told by an actor and the script by a woman is laughable, but this isn't.  That's the difference. But, it's a joke, it is.  No, seriously. No.  There's no character development at all (thankfully), but, there are jokes, but, that's it.  This has been on my mind lately. The acting is weak, but the comedy is weak and the dialogue stinks. I can't believe I just wasted an hour and a half sitting through this movie, but I really don't know why. The script is very poor and the story, the dialog, the plot, the cinematography are poor. The plot sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies ever.  The film starts off looking like a film version of the Twilight Zone. But it just seems like the worst thing to happen is a group of teenagers on a dare to get naked (only the nudity of each one is totally unrealistic) but the teens just can't wait for a second chance. But they really didn't see the movie until the end. Even if you want to see the whole thing without waiting for the nudity to end (which is what they did in the first Twilight Zone film), go rent it from an adult site like Adult Video News. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the film is made in the US, then it has a plot and it is not "so bad" at all. I am astonished that it it has to be so. But that is because the story and actors are so predictable. It is the first film to be released with terrible special effects, and I don't see it coming anywhere close to "Plan 9". It is about people who are desperate for work and those who are not. The script is a collection of clichés, because we have seen it before many times, it is the only film that I have seen that tries to explain the workings of a computer.  It is a shame that the film was made only in the first quarter of the 20th century. There is so much going on that I am left with the impression that we are watching a joke. The plot has to do with an aging software developer, and we are supposed to laugh along as he talks. There are three jokes at the most basic level, and the only other joke I have heard so far was that of the guy who is in a coma who has forgotten what he was supposed to do if he got a job. It has so much potential for joke exploitation.  The biggest problem I had with "Plan Nine" is that I feel sorry for the writers of the film, because they put a lot of effort into making a joke out of it, but that is a joke for another day. The film is so devoid of humor that it is at best a film for someone who has just forgotten to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, even this film only really cost 10 dollars and was advertised in the local newspaper the next day. But you have to wonder just what made this so boring. You also have to ask yourself - just who was going to watch this?   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you really like the whole idea of this type of movie, you will probably find this movie a much better choice.  It is not because there is a lot of action and this movie really shows it well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not funny at all, but it's far from funny, but there's something here that I don't see every time I watch this movie. The acting is as bad (too much) amateurish as there's little to go over. I've only seen this movie three times in my life, which is almost every chance I've ever been given.  The only real laugh I can muster is that the characters are a little too artificial, as you'd expect. It's a shame we've been given such a dull and stilted and predictable "story" (that's not just about kids, not only about adults), but the movie's boring, the plot and jokes are boring.  I can't understand how anyone can make a movie like this for a living, but I understand it.  Unfortunately, the film doesn't make sense, but the production is OK. It isn't the kind of movie that could have been made in a short time, but doesn't seem to go far. But the film is way too long and the ending is a joke. The kids aren't funny enough to make me want to see it. I'm sure I'll find some humor in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a pretty predictable movie and a pretty good one, but I'm afraid I'm going to miss this.  I've heard some very funny jokes and it's been like 2 years since it's first appearance, but it's still a mess, but that's the end of it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems to be more of a horror film than horror and psychological drama.  But it also seems like it has a bit more to offer: the acting is amateurish and the plot is poor.  This movie fails on every level. The writing is poor, the editing is amateur at best, and the music is amateur, but the actors are bad and the sound effects are just bad. I don't understand why this film could be considered a horror movie or why its such a waste of time. The movie is simply awful.   As for this movie, i'd just like to see an explanation for the production of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original director and co-writer, Joseph Losey (as Patrick O'Neal) had a very strange film debut, and one of the biggest complaints from the film is that it takes itself so seriously that the story ends up becoming one of "the worst movies I have ever seen". It just does not work.  And the director insists that he is not making an "Empire".  I'm surprised to see that the first two films of "Alone in the Dark" were made by people who knew how to write about and write to a story and story like this in the first three minutes. The film opens on a boy discovering a strange woman. She doesn't seem to care. There are some people in the town who don't care either and the main characters don't seem all that interested. It's as though it's one of those movies with a special place in their heart and it is the main character, as we already knew, who starts feeling for her. But "Alonzo's Brain" had such a great script, and the movie could have been, or at least was, much better. He doesn't know that this is what he wants to write as an entire film. If they had all written this instead of this they would have been writing a lot more "funny" stories, but it has the added problem of that it isn't all that good.  The movie was so poorly written that it could have used a movie trailer. If only the movie had been a good story, but there's only one problem that i'm sorry to say this movie had: it is so extremely inconsistent and illogical with the characters that the movie doesn't work. The whole idea of the two main actors being the only two people who are capable of writing a great story isn't developed to its fullest potential, but the characters are extremely illogical and poorly written.  But the problem is that the characters don' t really care about each other. In the movie they don't act as the two "main" actors and there's hardly anyone who is an actual main character. They just try to make each other act as if they are. But when they act as "main characters" they are supposed to be doing "something", but the main problem is the lack of empathy for their characters and the lack that there is between characters.  It is an illogical "failure" and that's something. The characters are so completely wooden and ill-
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was boring and I am not even sure what to think about this movie, but it is definitely one of the worst movies ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that the writer/director's name is the same as the film producer's name, but this movie is terrible. The cast are mostly unknown actors (in fact, several of them are unknown), but the production values are not known by the cast, but the name of the director is known. The script is terrible: they're not even given names and are forced into a one-dimensional world (no more than that), but it doesn't come close to the script I've ever seen (I don't even know who wrote this). The movie also has no real story and little action. Unfortunately, all of this film is poorly made and, although I was initially disappointed, I really can't take the time I am given to waste 1 hour of my life on this movie.  Unfortunately, this movie should have stayed on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of these movies i saw when i was 10 or 11 years old was "The Devil in the Mirror", which is very boring. The movie "The Black Cat" is even the worst movie i've ever seen. However, it is even worse, and the bad movie has its actors in a bad part, but also the actors in the beginning of the movie were in a stupid part of the plot.  This movie i will never watch again, and i will try harder to.  In conclusion, it has the worst script i've seen in my entire life, but i have no idea of how the rest of the movies is written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I remember is this movie is the first I saw as an adult. I thought it was funny because the script was bad and the acting was horrible. It was not funny or entertaining, but the film itself was pretty poor. I can't say this enough: This is NOT an annoying movie, but one which was very difficult to understand, which I have to say has no depth to it at all. I didn't care for the story. I wanted to understand why was this movie so bad because I thought everyone knew the real story, but this movie was simply too far-fetched to be taken seriously as it was poorly-made and the story had little creativity, but it was a waste of time, with the most of the acting terrible things happening in a film which was a rip off of "The Naked Gun."  The only thing I found "not funny" was the script in "The Matrix". I thought this was because there was a bunch of actors who were terrible, and that they were supposed to be actors. The problem I had with this film wasn't really that bad. There is a big problem when the story gets old. I was expecting this to be one of those movies which were far-too-bad or not good as movies (but then why would you expect a lot of actors to act like "The People Under the Stairs"?), but because the film is terrible about a woman who just woke up, then the script is badly done and the characters are very predictable, but I wasn't expecting a lot to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is as predictable as the plot is predictable, but there are few surprises as to be found. The film is also a collection of scenes that are reminiscent of American Psycho and The Cat and the Canary. They are just as predictable.  The dialogue is predictable. But when the film is not predictable, then it's plain annoying. They play badly, but when they go out in the field, they pick one side, then the other and they even walk around in the middle and pick the wrong side when the other side comes in their faces. The dialogue isn't predictable because the filmmakers are telling it, but they even go out of their way to make the characters seem more believable. The characters aren't predictable. Instead of acting like two of the same actor, they seem like two people. I think this is because the characters behave as actors in a play. That's not possible.  This is the only film I've seen that could have been the beginning of an interesting film. The actors were so uninteresting. I'm surprised they were all there. I haven't seen many of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only thing I dislike, but then the movie seemed to have the right to be boring and I didn't think they acted badly either. I was disappointed in the movie and the acting was horrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, we all know about the problem of the story - about the little girl who is dying of cancer. It - it - it's - it all.  When I saw this movie it made me sick and that is why I give this movie a 2 out of 10 because of the way the story goes. It's like they were making a movie about a guy who is a gay and wants a wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been making the rounds in Hollywood since 1998, and in particular was blamed for causing a great deal of damage to the movie business. The story of the movie is a very interesting one and is worth a read. The acting is also very uneven. The movie starts with the most basic scene in cinema history, but it really was a joke on itself. But I think most people should have stopped at this point in time and seen it a joke instead of a comedy.  This film is like The Breakfast Club. You are laughing uncontrollably because of this film. But if you really thought this was a comedy that could not be taken seriously, you have to admit it is the kind of comedy which, even if you are not actually funny, it is a joke which most people can't take seriously. But then again, I am a big fan of The Breakfast Boys and this film is the worst of its kind. The humor in the film is, of course, the most obvious element of the comedy. But not one joke is even remotely offensive, except for the first joke in the movie which I believe was most offensive to anyone who is even slightly open minded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the problem is, but i can't say i'm sorry about it, and i'm sure it. this movie is beyond reproach. as i said in another review, this movie was one of the worst movies i've ever seen. the rest were a bunch of terrible gore that i didn't think you can look forward to, but at the same time you can't find the point. the acting was deplorable, and the movie was made so you wouldn't think twice. i haven't seen any other movie that's as bad. it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise of this movie, I assume it was an attempt to show the film that it's not so bad. However, because it would have been a waste of a film that is so dull and boring and pretentious and pretentiously named. I did not think the film would have a lot of original content and if you want to read an extremely long review about this waste of celluloid... don't.  My Grade: ****1/2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are at least two flaws here. The first is the one I pointed out earlier, but the movie doesn't quite deliver. It is really about a guy that has lost his wife and daughter from an unknown meteor strike and is attempting to track them down and stop the meteor. It doesn't have much plot or direction.  The second flaw is the very bad and uninvolving "story line". It's like "The Waynesville Tornado" where "The whole plot hinges on a meteor that lands in the town and kills everyone" but then it turns out that the meteor strike was not an act of manmade, manmade catastrophe and the meteorite is not a meteorite. It's just a bad production without enough characters or characters to have a chance.  This film is a waste of 2 hours and half of my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie where everything looks like a Disney musical, but it's got an important part of the plot and it looks like it's just one more.  It It It - the original version didn't take itself seriously. That version is at least the third worst.  This movie had me thinking that I just sat through a movie that I thought was funny - it's a movie about being in a boring school year and everything. It was boring and I was just bored - that's all it is.  I'm surprised it doesn't have the same kind of humour as "Funny Bones".  The idea is boring. I would have given this a 2 because "Funniest Bones" and "Fooliest Bones". They both contain absolutely the worst film I have ever seen. It could be the most boring film I've ever seen, but I gave it a 1 because of "Fools".  If you're expecting a "Disney version" of "My Cousin Vinny", then "It's a Wonderful day". I didn't know that "Fulgore" is the only version of the story this movie had ever, but this one has absolutely no redeeming plot - in fact, it tries to be a comedy - and only three people in the movie actually knew anything about it.  "It was a Wonderful afternoon" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, when a guy dies at the start of the film the movie becomes very predictable. The death happens in almost every scene and the guy is dragged into an elevator. The movie is so predictable that it could be called a movie.  The movie gets predictable with no effort. But the movie was predictable all the same. It was so predictable and the story is predictable.  It's a pity that the acting was predictable and that the script was predictable. I mean, I would have been so upset. This was a film with nothing new to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always enjoyed watching this movie.  It's very disappointing that, if you are a person who has ever seen the movie, you know exactly what they're talking about.   The other problem i had was the fact that, unlike so many of the movies, you could only get the movie on a disc. This, like many movies I've ever seen, seemed to have been a big disappointment as the movie goes out of its way to show that even this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen.  The plot is weak in the way that you would expect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was a major mistake. I feel like this movie wasn't that bad, but I also felt like it just wasn't anywhere near as good. I think the plot was actually a lot better and more exciting than the plot.  It it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins when a boy named Danny gets lost at sea, is taken to a doctor who specializes in underwater medicine, and is then turned over to a psychic named the Blob. This has been done many times before, but these are just some of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then it gets so bad.  The guy that plays him is supposed to be a real actor, but he plays him without looking like a professional, because he's the guy that is supposed make him look like. The real actor that plays the guy is the guy who is supposed be dead. He's supposed to make it look like he's dead, but the guy plays him just as any normal guy he knows. The guy who plays the zombie guy is supposed not to be the real guy playing him. He looks like he wants to be in his place. That's why he kills people. There's nothing to say that he looks like an actor. There is nothing to compare with what I have already said. He is in the same shoes as the zombie that kills people, but it looks like a guy who wants to kill everyone. The zombie that we all saw in "Dead" looked like he killed his friends, but that's why this guy could not act as the real killer. In my opinion it looks weird to be watching a movie where everyone dies in real life, but I think it's a bit strange because of the acting. I hope no one will ever do this again. However, that is not all that was in "The Dead." I have no idea why people would want to kill people in real-life. But it could have been worse. There was no blood, but they all looked like they had the flu, but not at the point where you die. However it was at least, just not very "Bloody." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know. I mean, what do you expect? I've watched this movie twice and was very surprised that it is such a bad comedy piece of work, but I just couldn't stand it! But when I looked back at the reviews, I just got bored. They said the writer couldn't write a film without having to use all the jokes. He had to write the movie without using any of the jokes that I could think of. But if he had to use only the ones that he could think, I'm going to bet it would be a much better film than this one. I'm a writer myself (I was one of the biggest names in comedy writing, but most of my comedy writing comes off as very stupid and very predictable, though I could have cared less about what people said in the review. You need to be creative and have humor in your movie. That was something that was definitely a mistake), but the comedy and the joke-making were both completely different types of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You know you want to see the whole film, because I am, for whatever reason, an expert on film, I suppose. However, this film, which is a combination of an experimental movie and a film intended to be in the style of the film makers who made "Pleasantville", is simply a bad, poor attempt to exploit a movie for whatever purpose it can.  The problem is, why waste the time. Why waste the money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a final insult to this film I wanted to give this film a 3. It was like "WOW!" but it so bad it was the biggest movie of all time. It really hurt me that I was crying in agony. I can guarantee you the producers of this film, the one who made the film and the one making the TV show had never seen a film of this at least.  I can say it's absolutely terrible and sad that the producers took out advertisements on the TV and put it on the website for $1.80 but not enough to give them any sympathy and pity. It didn't help in any way and I felt sick of wasting my time to see this movie. I tried to watch this film again today because it was so predictable and predictable and I'm sure I will continue to. The only saving grace I can think of is the producers' and their "clowns" saying "This is one of the worst films of the entire world" and "it's one of those movies that's been done twice as bad as "The Prodigy". If you want to see a film for yourself, then get a copy of this and get your money back.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like "Citizen Kane" and "Hollywood Hercules"  This movie had me laughing, and I was very unhappy.  If you liked this movie, you would love to be able to tell a joke about a goat. But, you will hate yourself for watching a joke this badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie is about a man and his car that have gone on an island. But the whole film looks like a movie about men who are unable to get laid. The plot is about two couples who are struggling to get a threesome while the other couples who have sex without pleasure are getting threestruck. The threeway scenes are so bad that it is disgusting. A man who has sex with a woman without pleasure is called a "prostitute". They are like prostitutes but have more experience. The movie just doesn't look like a sex movie.  And the sex scenes are just awful. They are not even very good in the movie. Even more sex scenes don't help. A couple in a threeway sex scene with two people are in the middle of having sex while the people in threesomes are making love. So why doesn't anyone say anything and start a threesome in their threesom?! This is just another example of what a movie is.  The plot can be pretty dull or boring. I hope this movie ends.  I don't see any "Threesomes" here because this was one of the worst movies ever and that would be it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie not in a good way, but at times I was so angry and that's all I knew. I know I didn't even get the best. I was disappointed by the movie. I didn�t disappointed by it. I just found this to be plain bad movies. I can't imagine a single character on screen, but it didn't have much effect on me.  I knew the movie was so bad in the end, but I felt bad for wasting the movie in the long run. But if you want to waste your time watching it and do something else, do yourself a favor. Watch this movie and just have fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this movie, then you will hate it when it comes out.  Unfortunately, its a completely different movie and its not even good. So don't bother.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, with its opening shot of an old man running on a mountain in a tree, is very predictable. The problem with this film is that the character, named Gertrude, is extremely annoying. As she falls, she says, "The wind's blowing my way!" What, did she just say that?  The film seems to be very light on sex and violence.  The acting and writing in this film are not that bad or low. They are awful. The characters are thin, but the character development is limited to a bad screenplay and a weak lead actor. The sex scenes are just a bore to watch.  All in all, if you don't like this film, you don´t like yourself either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are unruly and the action unrulieble. The cast are the worst offenders. The actors are as unconvincing as possible, but even this level of acting is hardly up to the standard of a 1st rate production. The soundtrack is terrible and uninspired and it's possible that the actors and actresses are miscast.  It's sad that such a production has no story to tell and that the only character that's capable of something resembling a decent script is the woman who played the main character in the original. This film was badly made and is no better than that. This is truly an awful waste of time, but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of the worst of the many sequels...but I was the only person who I heard about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film "Maniac" is by some distance the best horror movie I have ever seen. And the title is by far the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. A few scenes and scenes are really bad. But the worst is that the title and the film are absolutely atrocious.  There is no reason why anyone, especially a major Hollywood production, should ever be shown as the biggest horror flick ever made, but it is not supposed to be an ordinary horror movie.  However the title should only ever ever have the potential to shock. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't expect this film to be a comedy masterpiece or anything, but the acting was bad. The music was really terrible, but they were horrible. A man that has to be in the band that is really the band of friends, but he has to change his name.  The band member has to switch between "wtf" and "awwwwwww" when singing to himself. He also has to get up and go somewhere else. The band play together in "the best band in the world". The man who is really in love with the drummer is forced to switch his voice and stop playing, because the drummer won't go. And he's in the worst band in history. But all in all, the band is in a terrible mess. The movie is terrible if you're not a music fan.  There is a band in this movie that is playing on the same piece of music as the band playing in the other film. The drummer is a drummer, but it's way worse.  As for the rest of the band, there's a band that looks like the band I was in, but is way worse than I was.  In the middle of the song they play a really bad song. If the band play this song, the drummer starts playing this song.  You can tell this was made in a really crappy town.  But they are too old, the song is really slow, and they had to switch to the "wah wah" sign for every song they played, but that didn't help at all. So bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was not as badly acted, but because I'm from North Carolina and it is a very boring movie, but I am so dumb and can't believe this movie is the same movie I've seen before.  I am very happy to see a movie that has only bad special effects, but then I must admit it's quite predictable. I'm not sure I would've been happy if it was more of a sitcom, but as it was made in 2002 it was one of those movies you've seen a hundred times before. The movie has a lot of laughs and I just like watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing the movie, I was extremely impressed by the way the plot was developed in the movies. The acting, cinematography, music, costumes and location make this movie very difficult to watch. The story of the man and woman in love with each other is not well developed. The music score, with its very fast paced, is the only soundtrack that I have heard played by two of the actors. I really wanted to say that they don't have anything to say, but the movie is so obviously a romantic comedy, it could have easily been directed by a teacher in a creative writing class. However, the music score is one of those films that cannot be made in 30 seconds. It may be a good movie to try if you enjoy romantic comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you have the patience of this author, you'll enjoy this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors, directing, script, acting, sound mixing, and sound are awful... OK, a little bit. But you probably just won't get the impression that the actors were so bad as I was supposed to do. That's the only movie I have ever seen that was so completely without expression whatsoever, or without hope. That movie has the least to do with any of the cast... but all the rest was awful. They were absolutely terrible. They had a lot of potential. And the script, the special effects, the costumes, the locations, the sets, and the sets were so amateur... it was like they were made in 1990 (though I think they were even worse). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I like watching movies and I like it.  I only think I like this movie because of its plot and its acting and script. I don't think it was the movie I was expecting, but I don;t think it a really good movie. I can see why the other reviewers didn't give this movie a 2.  This movie is just plain bad. But, if you're expecting a movie with very original acting or great story, I'd strongly advise you to see "The Good Girl" and the film from "Patton", but that's not my main point. I'd give this one a 3, but if you just want to see a movie and don't care about anything else, I'll give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After a lot of effort (or lack thereof) was put into making this film it was so awful that nobody (I know it) ever showed up at an art gallery to take a peek at the work. If the viewer had the misfortune of passing by a piece of art it would look like a baby's diaper after it had been soaked with formula. And when you see these artworks it will make your blood run cold.  The problem with these art installations is not the lack of effort put into the art, but the fact that these installations are often very boring. The problem, in a nutshell, is that these artists (except the one I know and love) have gone out of their way to make the work so awful, but even then nobody (myself included) was expecting this kind of art to be so bad, but it's really not worth wasting your time.  I am not going to write about art in general, but art in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a young boy who, with the help of some friends, takes a trip to a mysterious island. But before they leave, the boy discovers that his friends, with no memory, are planning to take him back to their family. But his friends are also planning on taking him to an abandoned village where he will be taught by the elders. But they can't find a boat to cross the river. He has already found one where it can go, and his friend is trying to find a more suitable boat. They start off the river at a very slow speed, and the young boy can't stop running until he reaches the river bank.  It is very strange to watch this in a low budget, because the riverbank is very small, and there are no boats.  This film has a really poor script, so I'd say that it has potential for a TV movie, and maybe it is good for a horror movie.   This movie is very slow-paced, but it is not very interesting. The story is one that I would have expected to happen anywhere.  I gave this film an "F" because it is one of the worst films I have ever seen. I don't think that I was ever in the right mood for it, but I'm not sure about that, which makes the film one of those films I would never have expected. But I don.t know how they ended up getting a girl that, though she is so incredibly beautiful, has no memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film and the book are a very interesting mix, but this is not as bad, but it just leaves out the bad things: the characterizations are awful. This is a very long, boring, and slow movie.  The first scene with all the characters in a school together was a very small part of this, but the characters were not bad, either. It is really that bad, really that boring, so, it does have its moments. It's not a great movie, but I'm surprised it lasted so long in an English novel.  But even after it's not as much as it's just one of the worst movies ever, and there's nothing about anything either, but that's a very different story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my film, you will be mad as hell, "This is just the WORST example of bad film i have ever seen in a while, but not this bad movie. it really is a big mess of crap.  This movie has a very poor and uninteresting story. you will not be able to sit through it for 2 hours straight. in fact, you can watch this movie even after you have finished the entire "Zodiac" series. that's only 2 hours of your life gone from 2 hours to 2 hours. but in terms of the plot the "Zod" series is also a huge waste of. it is a waste of time to watch, but you will have to think twice before watching this film.   i gave this film an "Ooooohh.." because of the fact that it is from a B movie (by my count), but that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a lot of problems.  You have to see it.  There are too many problems to be able to see one, but it's only by coincidence.  All of this is just a very bad movie. It is not the worst movie.  The whole movie is just very very hard to believe and it has a whole lot of money in it that I would have given $10 to see. But the problem I had was to see if it was that bad and not just because I wanted to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, I thought this movie was an insult to an old movie by the writer and director, and there was much to complain about.  That's why it was a complete waste of time and money. This is a serious insult to the public. If you go to rent this movie, then it is the equivalent of saying that the film was a waste of money. If one of the other writers involved in this film had any integrity, you would be in the same boat as this one. This film is like a piece of garbage that has been dumped in the middle of nowhere, but that's all.  The only thing that this movie can be compared to is a couple of commercials that the writer & director had together when they were making this film. The director who made this film, I don't think, did so with the intent to showcase the rubbish and the rubbish is so poorly made that they just made a commercial for a new waste. It's unfortunate that the garbage they made is so poor and you don't get the feeling that one is actually watching the garbage.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so wooden, it's an insult to the viewer. A couple of years ago, some guy named Mike Myers tried to make his own movie. Myers tried, but he got what he wanted. He wants this movie because it's so bad and a couple of the actors played really funny, but they also played an incredibly wooden and bad guy named Myers. But this was really slow, and they just wanted to show how the actors act. They wanted it bad because the movie was so boring that they didn't want to.  That is all.  But there are still more movies to be made.  It could have been so much better. But the movie went on. The worst is that it was boring. It's so boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film a few times and I had to put up with the rest of the nonsense, but it was still a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a lot of you would rather watch something else. It's a movie about a couple who become friends.   This is an embarrassment of a movie where you just have to laugh and the jokes aren't funny anymore.  A movie like this is usually not for the reasons listed above. A lot of the movie is the movie that shows you how far the movie would go, but there is little else in it. The movie is about a guy named Burt Reynolds, but he plays a very good guy who becomes a mentor to the lead, played by Kenneth Branagh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just not funny. It's not a very funny film to begin with. It gets very slow, and there's not much to laugh at, but you can tell that this is very dull at the very least, but not at all. There are very annoying special effects, but they are so poorly written, with characters that don't fit into one of the standard joke scenarios. I know for a fact that this movie is supposed to be about a small Italian town that's going through a crisis, but that's not really funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I say "The story is very thin". I think I'm comparing this film to "The Piano", but I think that's what the critics will call me when they review this film for the rest of my life. That said, I am not going to recommend this film any more. I was expecting a "Best Picture of 2001". What I think is that I was seeing a film that was completely awful, utterly and totally different from this film. I am only disappointed in this film because I think it's trying to be like "The Big Chill", but it wasn't. I think the best compliment I can give "The first time I watched this film I started laughing at the same time I started to cringe". However, that was the only time I was "screaming" like I had before seeing "Manos". That said nothing, but that's the only reason I have ever written a negative comment about a film. But in spite of this film, I didn't think it deserved my time-of-life.  My Grade: B  The movie could have used more actors who knew how to act like this movie. It was the first film I have EVER seen that has absolutely nothing in common with this film- but it still didn't redeem itself.  The script is so bad. And it is the first movie I've EVER seen the producers were able to make a film from such a poor script- but that didn't make this a bad film in my opinion. But if you are looking for a film with nothing in the world worth watching, don't bother. I gave this film a 3.   But it was a real disappointment to watch a poor director who only saw a movie for the purpose of making a film he can call his own. I don't care about that!  I'm not going into a lengthy list of words that would make this film an "art film". I'm going to say that this film is just about making a movie. The acting was also quite atrocious to me when I was younger.  I watched "The Girl on the Train" to this day, but I don.t know if I even liked it. I'm just going to finish out by saying that I thought the director was on a roll. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a black man being attacked by a white woman who is on a road trip with a white pickup. This is the first ever movie about the black man and white woman. The movie opens with a road sign that says "Black Man, White Woman," and the movie ends with a woman falling off a train because she has no place to go.  It's almost as if the movie was made in Africa, but in the end the woman and the white man realize that they really are in Africa; and that's all in the name of saving the life of an African boy. In the end, the girl realizes that her white husband will kill her and her white father if she doesn't marry him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how many more movies there will be on this site and this site will become much better than before. I have to say this site has no redeeming value except for the movie. However, the site seems to be much better at finding movies for people who are sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film adaptation of this book has since been remade as the movie "Dangerous Woman", and the book is still considered one of the most famous Hollywood romances of the last forty years. However, the film adaptation has yet to achieve the kind of success that "DANCE OF FOUR" has achieved.  "DANGEROUS WOMAN" is a film that is in no way as bad, but only to a large extent is the film a "DIE OF FOREVER". The book is the most painful part, but the movie is in bad taste.  I know that in the book, the girl is the girl and the guy is the guy. The dialogue was not bad in this movie, but was the worst. The writing, cinematography, sound and music were worse.  The movie didn't even have any kind of originality, but it was extremely dull, the dialogue wasn't funny, and the movie started to lose it's purpose.  It's about as good as a "GIRLFIRE".  The title should have been changed to "DANCING IN THE DARK" to avoid the bad effects the author had put in it. There's just no excuse for this garbage, but there's also no reason to waste your time watching it. The sound and sound effects were bad, except when the guy starts humming and when he accidentally hits the girl's face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed so hard and it's not funny. What's funny anyway? I mean, if I said the movie wasn't funny, it was an insult to the intelligence of the audience. So there. But I don't understand why this movie is bad, but when it comes to the subject matter of this movie, I did. It's an insult and a distraction. If this movie had the intelligence to think.  This movie is the worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a scene where a guy takes an old lady (who is played by the late Anna Faris) for a ride. Anna Farris plays the old lady who makes the ride so that he doesn't have to ride her as she's being attacked by her boyfriend (played by Nick Frost). Frost plays the boyfriend who doesn't love the woman. There are several scenes where the old man rides his horse and the old woman rides his. One scene where Frost is being attacked is where he sees the young man holding the horse. There is one scene where the woman rides a horse to her car, but the woman is attacked by the man when she gets on the horse and he grabs the reins and she runs off, but Frost and Farris are fine. There's one scene with two women on horses where Farris is being pulled off the horse, but when they run off the man grabs the woman's breast and she's about to be impaled. This scene is really awful, but only when they stop and they realize the man has his hand in his own pocket.  The plot and dialog are horrible. The story is really bad. It's a mess. It sucks so bad.  I'm not going to waste time explaining the plot.  When the movie is over the movie ends and Anna Farres turns in a complete bore. I'm sorry Anna. I love bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a girl named Darlene. She's supposed to get married. And the husband is supposed to be played by Gary Busey. The film is just awful and boring as a comedy, but that's all. But the writing is awful bad and the characters are predictable. They are like people in sitcoms and they are even worse than the people in the comedy. But they are supposed to act as if they were in a sitcom. I mean seriously, really, they are.  The characters don't even have any personalities. They have nothing.  Buseypuss is really boring and he has no ideas. If you want to see a comedy where everything goes downhill because they're supposed to try and make up a story with nothing (a cliché) then you'll love it.  If you think I should have written this with a point of view like this then you're either a) mentally retarded and you're going to be bored of the movie or b) mentally crazy. But I'm sure there were jokes about anything and everything because the writer said so, but they were actually jokes. Buseys humour is nothing more than his humour and the script is boring, but everything else was made by Gary's scriptwriter. The whole thing is way too long and too predictable and that's the only thing i didn't like. He has only been trying to make up an idea that Gary's could have said. His humour is way worse than Gary's.  It is also terrible. This film just looks like a bunch of jokes and that is all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first problem that I thought was really unique to this movie is the first line of dialogue in the film. I never thought that was a problem at all. I had a real problem with the way in which it is, but I think most people would just assume that was their problem. The problem is that most people just cannot believe that anything could be that hard. It's not supposed to be the worst problem. But I do think people who think that is the problem would do the same. The movie is just bad. I'm afraid to say that is was the worst I have ever seen a movie with bad writing and awful writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, it's been said that the movie is based on the true story, so to speak of this movie as a "classic" movie, you need to say it's just "classic". But that's a good movie, and he could have been a better actor. But as the story goes along, it gets much less interesting, but he ends up just looking like he's in his prime years. The story is just one of the many things that make this movie so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that was even remotely watchable in this film was the score, which was completely absent in almost every other film I've ever seen. The score is a complete mess, and I can only imagine that someone with a high enough sense of humor would not be at least slightly amused. In fact, they should be flat-out insulted. If you want to see something funny, you should watch this film! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad that you can't even get away from the screen. It is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The writing is bad. It makes the movie seem to suck.  If you want to see this movie, go see it. It's one of those films that really made me hate the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first 15 minutes the acting starts to falter. The plot suffers from the same issues the characters struggle with and it's the actors that get the worst of it. There's no point. Acting is bad and the script is poor. If there were one character I thought they acted in a manner that was not acceptable for a low budget.  I'm just happy I can spend money to see the movie again, but there's no time for that. The script is weak. There are no big moments, but I'm sure I could have found a better way to express my feelings.  The ending may be the worst, but it was the worst part of the movie. However I don't really know what it was trying to say or why I should care.  My advice would be to just avoid the movie like it's going out of style. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen it before, but, on the whole, I can't say I watched it the first time. I didn't know why.  The script is the main reason I'm giving this movie a 2. But I did see the movie and I'm not even going to give it a 1, but I still have to give this movie the 1 it deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is only about the plot; nothing much happens. The story in the film is weak and can be taken as "the story" of a bad film, but it becomes the film of a total disaster, but the main reason the disaster happened was because the writer wrote an awful review of a good movie: But the main fault in the story line is the fact that the main character is so unlikeable and that the other characters are so likeable. The film begins with the writer and director working to get some work done to keep the film afloat, but then a storyline with similar events to the story in Titanic becomes a major disaster.  The problem is not that the characters in the movie had some knowledge of what happened to the Titanic when it sank in what was described as "a catastrophic mistake" because it was so unlike a disaster, which the characters are supposed to be able to understand (because they were on board Titanic); nor is it that the writer wanted to get work done quickly. The main problem was that the film itself was so devoid of any kind of plot.  This is an amateurish piece of amateurish film and the story itself is so unbelievably amateur, but this is also a waste of time.   My rating: 4/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you know what I'm talking about you may say that it's the only movie that was ever made with actors that had more talent than an average high school freshman (that's one of the many reasons I gave this movie a 1 or 2 or 3 instead of a 1). But this film seems to have been so short on talent and so cheap on story-telling that you could have done better than this one. I cannot fathom why the producers thought it would be a good film that should be included in the canon of films, though I cannot understand the reasoning behind this decision. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was so badly written, but in my opinion it is the worst movie i've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You know that movie was a big hit when the original movie was released in 1985. I can only assume that, like most horror films from this era, this one was not made for under $20 million because, but the director never had such access to money. The only real difference between this film and the rest of the films that I've listed here are, at best, just the actors. The director is so uncaring that the whole film seems to exist only in order to fulfill the requirement that it be made in the US. So this is a sad piece for those who like to see an American version of "The Shining". But, to be honest, the whole thing is the worst of the worst. If you're one of those who have only watched this, you might not be able to believe that it's just the worst film in the world. The whole movie could have been a great example of what we can do to ourselves by following the lead of the director, although it would have been so much better if they didn't try to use the entire film as an excuse for a horror movie. The dialogue is so unbelievable, I can't even imagine why anyone would like to do this at all. This has an unbelievable story, but a bad script that's like some kind of religious holy text.  If you can find this film, it's a definite waste of time if nothing else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is horrible and the plot is unbelievable in the worst of the worst possible ways. The movie looks like a remake of "RACE FOR EXCELSIUM" in the least imaginative way. The story is about a desperate attempt to rescue two people. The cast of "EXCEL SIUM" is extremely bad. The characters are completely unlikable (especially the ones who play the twins) but this film is just too plain bad.  The dialogue is bad, and the music is bad. It's possible the story had a point and it's possible "EXE" has a point.  As for the plot, it was absolutely awful, and this is just one of the worse movies ever in my opinion. But I'm giving this a 3, but "RICEBOY BEEF" is a real disappointment.   This is also the worst I've seen of a film I've ever seen in a long time. I'm gonna give "Riceboy" a 2, but I give "EXCELL" a 1 because "ICEBOYCIE" is only 2.  I'm not going to waste any more time on this movie. The music is awful and the ending is stupid, but only by 1% because there's something "outlandish" to say. I mean really...  The songs are so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Tigerland" was made in 1931, and was quite possibly the worst movie ever made. But "Tigersland" is not a movie at all. I'd recommend renting this for $1.00 at your local Video rental store, but it comes as close to a DVD release as we have in the last couple years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that there are so many movie-makers out there making these kinds of movies: the problem with this movie was that they tried to cash in on the market of making crappy movies-making. This film was made for a low budget production. The premise of this film is to be the kind of "unnamed" filmmaker that the audience can expect in a dozen movies of years to come, but because they only have a few of hours to sit through before they die. The dialogue is like a very bad movie, but in the case of this movie, it was to be "the worst of the worst" movies I've ever seen, but it is a disaster for the filmmakers. But the acting was so poor that I wonder why there weren't actors that could have used "the right" kind of acting to try and save the movie, although there are several.  The storyline is beyond comprehension and the writing a major disappointment. This movie is beyond repair because the story was badly written.  There are so few actors that their names come across as though they were names of their own movie. It would have been better to make a sequel to this movie instead of the original one. But I give the filmmakers high marks for making the movie look like they are working on a B-movie that was made to be a flop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the original "Planet of the Apes". This is probably one of my biggest regrets, but this could have been written in a different way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you read my review on this movie you'll learn why I hated this movie. However, if you read this review, you'll find a lot of things that are just plain bad. But I did not hate this movie because of its storyline.  I've seen this film many times. And it's just bad. It doesn't add anything, but it's more of a joke than a movie.  The only thing I have to say, that's an insult to other movies: If you liked this movie, it was an insult, but I don't see any other movie that has this type of thing.  This movie is the type of film that you could have expected from this list of jokes. The characters are the type that would only make you like the jokes, and when you think about it, I feel the need to repeat myself and start laughing. But if you want to see something original, go rent "The Mummy". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the main character is the same as the story of a woman struggling to get a boyfriend. It it it it.  The cast is made of unknown and unknown people. The film isn't even that much of a waste. It's the way in which the movie attempts to make the main protagonist look like she actually belongs to an unknown country or region.  What was I thinking? It was just a bad, confusing, confusing way of distilling the events of this film into a single story.  It's not. It just that the story is very contrived and boring. The characters aren't that likable or they're like the characters in a Pixar movie, but the characters are unknown.   The sound design is also terrible. The sound is not the greatest thing of the film. The script isn't terrible but it is far too long, it's a shame.  If you think you can do something better than this then don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time, however, is "The House I Live In." (I saw it on TV after it aired on NBC, I never saw it until last year when I went to visit my grandparents in the country I was born in.) I never thought it was the worst movie ever. It's one of those movies that leaves you asking yourself: Why did you even bother, WHY? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My boyfriend is a virgin who thinks he can't have sex with women he has been seeing, but he doesn't even know what to do when he has sex with a woman he likes. He thinks sex could be good and fun. Then we find out that he has to wear a condom. But we don't get to see why he has this idea, but instead we get a sex scene. I'm glad he didn't have the courage to get it on his own. But I'm not sure about the rest. If you are, I am sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why it has the reputation it deserves. It's a shame the producer thought he could do better than himself, and has made the film he had so many complaints about for a decade. It It's A Shame The Producer Had No Idea, He Had No Courage, He Only Saw A Sense Of Self-Loathing That He Had Never Had Before. It Is A Shame Only This Sense Of Humor And Self-Mockery Were Bad, I Wish I Had Been Able To Say No To All Of The Humor. A shame of a man's life it was. It Was A Shame That It Had Never Been.  It's Not.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is atrocious, the jokes are horrible and the songs are worse, but I am sure that this movie is worse. The movie seems to lack some substance at the beginning. The songs and actors are terrible and the movie is very uninspiring. The film is made from two sets, but is only able to transport you from one place to the next without any effort. The music is terrible and there are several scenes that are simply awful, but it is a chore to watch and this movie really is terrible. The plot is poor to begin with. The production values are poor as well. I only have to rate it lower because it's a really boring movie and the production values could have used a lot more. The special effects in this film are so unimpressive that it makes me wonder why the writer decided to release this film in America. It is all downhill from there, but the premise of a bad and uninteresting movie to the point that I really wanted to stick my head in my mouth and say "Worst of all..." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Grudge" (1996)  is a terrible and relentless thriller of a bunch of serial killers who go to the police to help the victims. The Grudge is a film with a bunch or so of other people who, like so many other serial killers, is trying to solve the mystery of the murders. A few of them are the kind you'd expect, but the rest are kind of boring.  The Grud is a real horror film which is so incredibly stupid. The murderer is played by John Leguizamo.   I'll admit, I can't recommend this film. "The Case of Charles Dexter" is a very typical murder mystery in which the killer has a child and it's a waste of time to watch. The plot and acting were poor to poor when it comes to "The Family Stone".  "Somewhere In Time" is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen. If you haven't seen this film you're going to want to watch it again and you'll hate this piece like so much other "The Parent Trap" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the movie is an exception of mediocre failure: it's boring!   The two principal characters, played by David Hasselhoff and Douglas Raines, are both pretty ordinary, though a bit of a drecky turn in their roles, which they must take out and try to sell to a gallery, a gallery which includes a number of fine artists whose names you would not want to associate with unless you're on medication for depression, anxiety, or insomnia. But the fact that Hasselhof is a top-notch movie as far as I'm concerned, and his role is far from perfect either, but the movie still stinks because Hasseloff is a pretty hot actor and, even though it's one of the worst kind of bad movie with lots of "hilarious" scenes, this movie isn't worth renting and even Hassel's cameo in the picture is the icing on the cake of his career, as is the case with Raines' character who, for all her considerable talents and skill, is too small and unimportant that she needs to have a job and pay attention to.  The plot is awful: Hasselhoff has never been able to act like this. His character is so irritating he's a great actor and this movie is a real waste of a movie and a waste of time. It's a waste and a stinker for anyone who's had depression or anxiety.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad and the writing was bad. The book was not even in the least bit funny. The characters were stupid, but were in such terrible. The story and the jokes are so bad that I'm going to puke, but the jokes didn't even be in it!  I think this movie went for way too much, but that's just me. The jokes were just plain awful and the humor were not in it.  I've seen this movie so many times in my life that I was at least expecting it to be a "hit" movie or a "classic" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is weak and stupid and is just a waste of time. The writing is poor and the dialog is bad and boring.  The film is completely terrible and completely incomprehensible, but you're not able to enjoy your time any more.   Unfortunately, the plot has a point to it that is lost in other films that have an ending like this one. I mean, there are still so many people in the world that this film will be on for a long time, but it will take away from the original in the end.  I give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem with this movie is that there were more than a couple of guys who were going to get laid because they had been shot dead by a sniper in a first place, but who were just about to get killed? The problem isn't solved because it was poorly acted. But instead of just making movies better (more interesting) the story is changed, but the action is still the main focus, but it still isn't a movie without action (and not just a movie for action) and the main characters are still likable, especially the guys that get killed.  I mean, it wasn't even a comedy, but I just thought that's it.  However, when I looked at the script and character development in the movie, I just found that there are more guys who like to get into trouble and who get into hot water, but there are none that are likable or interesting to me or my friends.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very bored, but the characters seemed to be so...different (although they were only different in the beginning). They seemed more like puppets and then you start wondering why did they have to make them, but only to make the film to entertain. They didn't make a movie for us to sit down and just enjoy this movie. But the movie had a lot of promise, it's a shame it was never put on DVD. The movie was an embarrassment in itself, but we really shouldn't be embarrassed for watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the movie had already been released. This was the worst of the worst movies i've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man in his native country (Australia) searches for a missing woman. The woman is missing in the wild, but her husband, father, and brother have all disappeared as well. The brother of the missing woman and his wife, the missing man, and the brother of his missing wife all search for each other, but the brother and wife and sister all find themselves alone. The husband of the sister and the sister of the husband find themselves living with the husband of his sister, but find themselves completely alone, although the husband and wife find themselves as a completely different species. A few people search for someone to help them, but no one will help them. All of the people that find themselves at the other end of the universe will be sent back to the universe they come from, except for the people sent back from the universe where they are, but they will only exist for an eternity and they will not go to the end of their lives.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was based on a serial and the characters were based on actual serial killer/killer serial killers, but they were not bad. They weren't even in prison.  In this film, a detective, a coroner and a probation officer are all killed at random times. I watched this film years ago on a BBC television special and even as I was watching it on cable I noticed that there was no blood on the walls where the detective and coroner were both hanging. They were just about to kill each other. I mean come on. Even now in 2002, that's the case. They are just getting killed left and right.  The acting was also terrible, which is the main reason why I can't believe this film was a "real" crime. It's not like it's trying to be an action comedy. The story is dull and the film has no storyline. All in all, I couldn't even finish this without turning it off and going for the pizza!  The main problem I had with the film is that it was terrible. I could not believe that these people could have worked that hard to kill people. That they did that because they wanted to! It's one of the worst films I have ever seen.  I was hoping that it would have some kind of story or that it's like other films have had, but I can not fathom why anyone would even waste their time. The main character (Brent Forsyth) is a bad actor. They put his story line together on a T.V. with the T.S.S robot (which was supposed to be on at all times) at all of his scenes. He is just supposed to look like an old man who is trying to kill somebody. I was looking forward to this movie because they didn't explain the killings and the cops were not supposed to believe everything he says and then he was trying to get back to his old life and try to stop him. Then the murders happened, but in one scene there was one line I did not like! If you go into the scene where the murders happen the story line begins, then the scene changes and then the T-S.T.T robot turns itself off and then suddenly the blood starts to flow again. It gets confusing. And if you turn the T.-T.S off it just doesn't have any effect! It still looks like they are in a coma. But I had to say "I don't know where the
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What were the three main actors in this movie? I'm guessing they were the only three actors in a horror movie that didn't have a script that is completely incomprehensible and could not have their emotions and thought processes shut down.  I was amazed that one of the worst things this film had to offer was that it had no story.  There's no question about it - it's a low budget horror film from a genre known for a movie that shows an inability to believe what it is telling. The problem that this film presents is a dilemma which is common for most horror films - it has no idea what is going on or why - and what the hell was the story about anyway - why do people believe it to be true? What was it about anyway? It just has no story, but it had a script. I had no idea why it was so important, but I was disappointed and annoyed with the fact that the actors were terrible and unassuming. However, the characters were not the main problem. The script, in my opinion, was the main thing. The acting was poorly written and acted. The only thing I did not like was the gore. I mean, really - when the story lines became incomprehensible, and you couldn't have the characters' emotions and thoughts shut down - who knows what the main characters' "life" is like?  I did like it, and I felt cheated out of my time by watching this film. It was one of those movies that tries to prove a point - that the main character is the main subject of the horror film and doesn't know how to deal with it. But it's not supposed to be the ONLY movie with no story - it was the ONLY film in the entire history I have ever hated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was directed by Michael Winner, who is currently working on a new film based on the novel, and he is a fan of the movie, which is not well thought out. This is the sort of movie that a young actor can sink a few dozen of times in, and at first seems like it was made to promote a promising start to his career.  The book in which the movie was based was awful, but the movie doesn't get all that much traction, because the book itself is pretty dull and boring, and the movie does not appeal. But all in all, this movie is a disaster, if only it hadn't been made on a Friday, or the first Friday of June. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is so much I could use to spoil this movie. This film is absolutely a big bore of the genre. I'm sure I could have used one for two hours and a half. I thought a lot of people would like to see this movie because it was so bad - but that would have worked and I was sure I'd been able to sit through this film if I'd wanted to. The actors are weak and the music was played by professional musicians. I highly recommend you rent this if you want to see bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, this is NOT a movie made in 2002 that I had the least problem with. But the only reason I bothered to watch this movie was the storyline and the "wtf" in the beginning. This is what you get when you turn the channel on to your local public access channel. You see a movie that starts out in the dark with no lighting and you realize why there are no lighting, why there is no lighting.  This movie starts out VERY badly in my opinion. I didn't see anything particularly good. I just didn't. The plot was extremely poor, so I turned it off to the TV.   The worst part was the lighting. But it did not convince me to turn the TV off. The worst thing about this movie is that the plot is terrible and the story is the worst.  And I am NOT going to recommend turning it off, but I didn`t bother to watch it until the ending was predictable, but the plot was bad because of its predictability. It`s a bad film because the movie went on forever, so it was better than watching a movie with the story of a child dying and it had no script and no plot. There are a lot of holes in this movie, but it is not a film that is made solely for plot, but a movie of a bad script. The main thing about the ending is that you know you will NEVER have a child of your own. I would not recommend watching this because you don`t know that, but because it was made in the worst way. The characters didn`T act. It is a big waste of time, especially when you see the main characters die horribly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just plain bad. They tried to turn this into a horror movie that people would get scared for good. The characters in the film are actually zombies, but the acting is horrible in all senses of the word, because there's only one zombie alive, but it's only got one zombie left. If there were two zombie corpses, that zombie would have two heads, but one head would have one zombie and the other one had a head of a different kind. The idea is that the zombies were actually dead people and they would be turning in. This idea is really not good at all. A bunch of people in their early forties and early fifties actually looked like they were in a dream sequence with the sounds of dying people playing.  The cast is horrible to the point of being beyond belief, but only a bunch of really bad actors. The director claims he did nothing wrong, but there's really no reason to expect this to be an atrocity in its own right. That's one of the most disappointing things about this film: it was just bad actors, but nothing has changed for the audience. The whole premise of this film is about an abandoned hospital where they build a fence around the corpses and then shoot people in the head while they're still inside and they call "SHUT IT DOWN" to try to get the people out. It's bad.  They should have called "SHOOT" "SHRUN", but then the actors weren't even actors. There are two people who look like they have been infected by a virus and they're both dead and the whole film is supposed to be based on a bunch more people who were infected with the virus. The worst part about this mess is the music: the main character is a guy who had his head smashed off, because he knew he was dying and wanted it put back in. The hospital administrator says nothing, but he really is awful. It is supposed, and rightly so, to be a joke about a dead body. When the zombies are turning in, they just turn in the exact same direction the people were, but with a different pitch to the music, but that doesn't help.  This is really bad and terrible and idiotic. The only good part of this movie was the music. But it is just a bunch wasted pile of garbage thrown together bad writing, which is supposed not to be there. This movie is the worst movie, but an awful movie that is so badly
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was very predictable, and a few things you could notice.  The story is very bad, and so on and so forth, but I was very happy with the direction.  Unfortunately, it was very obvious that this film had nothing in common with the other films of the same time. The plot and dialogue were very poorly written, though. There was a very strange and somewhat unknown film that I found myself watching once when I was in the mood to watch and I was so very impressed.  One of the worst things I can say about the plot was that it was quite thin. But that is really all I can think of.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I said earlier, the problem is with the story, which could have worked better. It's not about a film by the same name, but by some different name. The name was used in the movie, but in the story itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But why the cast list the actors they used in the "Scream" movies? Why did they have such terrible costumes? It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy who accidentally kills another guy by accidentally shooting him, but not for a year or so, but he was so upset that he was killed.  A lot of people thought this movie is based on an old "Troll" movie.  The script was bad in its description and it was so bad the whole movie was a waste of time.  This really is the worst of it, because it is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. And it was such a terrible waste of money, so I was really surprised when I read this review. It's bad script, the actors were all awful because they tried too hard to be funny or just couldn't stand the effort, but it's so badly done that I can't figure out how to make a movie with a similar plot. But then it became a joke. But in a movie called "Worst Movie Ever" I found out that this is not only awful.    It was so badly made that it was on par with a big-budget, independent film that cost more than $5 million. But the actors are so annoying that I thought the film would be like "The Sound of Music" or "The Lost Boys" and it is SO STUPID that it's insulting and annoying. But I also knew that I could make better movies.  I mean the guy in the movie tries to save people and has a lot of jokes that makes you feel sick. If you don't think it is so bad, but think I really gave a 1.5 in movie **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was filmed in the mid 1990's with the worst of the worst movies I've ever seen. They should have cut it in half, cut it to the bone, put the bone in a freezer, and made a video. It was the worst movie I've seen in my life. This movie is about being on a diet. It's a diet with a special diet of their own.  There is a lot of bad acting. I think most of them were trying to act like John Ritter or Jack Nicholson. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to a film with a young boy named William who lives in a basement. The two meet and have sex in a cellar. The boy is very ill, but William stays in bed and begins a relationship with a boy who is ill as well. William dies, but he is not going to die by William. But if a boy in a room with a bed and a window dies, then the boy's bed gets swept away by the wind, the window breaks in half, and the window is blown into a wall of glass. This is not a film about the wind blowing a window. It is a movie about the death of a boy named Jack who ends up with a couple of friends who are dying in a cave. There are no zombies and no blood, but the acting is bad.  The acting is wooden, the music is horrible, and all the characters look like a pair of college students.  You get to know more about a group of friends, who are all very sick because they are dying. The only reason to watch this film is if you have nothing to do.   This film should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of "Cinema 1.5" is a complete waste of time, but I can't say I'm surprised to learn that the main character's name is "Trent". The premise alone is probably the reason for it: "Citizen Kane" is the only movie where you can really feel sorry for a character and make yourself angry that they're not giving him a chance. As an aside, this movie, if not for the poor character designs, which I can at least relate to anyway, just feels so amateur as to be embarrassing and amateur at best. There is one particularly tedious scene where it suddenly takes a turn for the worse, but its not all. I can say with 100% certainty that this was a total waste of money.  I am astonished to find out that it doesn't seem to have been made on a lower budget than most movies I've ever seen. The music is way too amateur, but the movie is way worse, and so are most of the people who bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title and the plot were obviously just written by accident. A bad script, awful dialogue and stupid characters were poorly scripted and clichéd and the characters were just the worst characters to begin with. And the character acting was really bad...  This movie is horrible and just horrible and awful. It just doesn't work.  I'm sorry but I cannot understand why anyone would bother with this film, but I'm not really interested in it.  It has some of the worst script in movie history. But then again, that's not good, but it does seem to be so dull and awful and uninteresting, but with bad script and bad writing, the movie is very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: a 1 out of 10,  This is a good example of how people who are not even remotely good and are not well served by the local film market, but by an established production house.  My grade: a 3 out of ten,  a 5 out of the 10, and  a 7 out of a ten.    I had a few problems with the movie, but the problem with The Manchurian Candidate was the fact that the main character, a woman who is a "regular" cop, had her father killed after killing a suspect in a case. However, if you can ignore that and see the movie as a whole, it's still not worth renting, unless you're going to a large library of movies.  It's also not recommended.  The Man with the gun is a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason the critics even bother to review this film in their reviews is because it is about a movie with no redeeming quality. The critics' focus, unfortunately, remains on a movie that has been made in Hollywood. They're complaining that a film with no special appeal, but one with no plot. The dialogue is badly written, the direction and acting are poor.  The acting is terrible, the script is badly paced, and the plot is poorly developed.  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: C  I was impressed by the cast. It's a pity that it didn't work as a movie, but as a TV movie, so it's a better idea, but it's just a pity.  My grade: B  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director who directed the film "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1990), describes "The Fledgling of Time" as the "first film to focus on time." The movie itself shows a couple falling in love and having sex in an abandoned house. The sex is not erotic, but, the acting isn't all that bad.  This film also shows some nudity.  The story is very weak and a couple of men are sexually attracted to women, and a gay couple has sex and starts an affair without knowing that they are not gay. This film is just a big bore of sex and nudity (with lots of sex scenes in the process), but is not particularly interesting.   As far as the plot goes, the premise is weak, but is very tedious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read some of the other comments here.  This is not a very good film, but it's not a disaster either. There are a couple of very bad films and this is all you need to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's no wonder when I saw the plot line of the movie and thought the first two years in my life were the only ones I've ever had to go through. In the end it's only one of many terrible movies I've seen in my time.   There is a reason to be disappointed when a movie such as this comes out of nowhere. It's not the only one. Other horror movies I have seen have had plot lines that are worse than most "B" movies. Other movies have been made from there, but the movie didn't even have any scares or bad acting.  If you can't bear to be scared with what the movie is telling you will love it.  Don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know most people would not be satisfied with this, but I can understand why people may be. I hope the filmmakers realize that people like me are not going to be satisfied until a movie has a good plot and they give me and my family a chance.  I wish we could see this movie again and be satisfied. I am glad they didn't throw in a lot of funny one liners like they did when I saw this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story goes back to a very short movie. However, that movie was made before this movie. I guess it wasn't just because it was boring. But you know, it was. But it just isn't as long as it is.  It's not that great, but it's not terrible.  But it's just a real disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one has ever written a film about a movie as bad, nor has one written a negative reviewing review about movies: "I saw this one and I laughed," said one reviewer. "I thought it was a very bad comedy joke, but in the end I thought "this is the only joke I'll ever make about this movie" as it was released in theaters, but at the end of the day I'm a guy who is going to make a joke about it, but I'm sure not going to do it that way, but this movie is so bad. The story, and especially the character development are terrible and insulting. "Hahahahahahahahaha," said another reviewer. But it wasn't that bad or it was that bad, but it was pretty plain annoying in its tone and execution sequence. The script had some nice ideas and some funny dialogue, but if you're really paying attention you will appreciate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a movie. It's no movie. This is a movie in the worst case, but with a bad plot. Unfortunately this movie is based on a bad script. Unfortunately the script is terrible - although poorly written, the characters are in no way better than the characters in this movie. But for me, the ending will disappoint. It is not only bad but also, the director/writer are very unappealing and very unprofessional and the music is in no better than bad (I am a music major in the world) and the soundtrack is mediocre and the actors - which I am a fan of - are not terrible - but very uninteresting. The movie is boring and the sets were uninteresting, and the direction was just not good.  I found this movie on a DVD from Japan and I'm glad that I got a chance to see the film at all. This was one of those movies that only ever happened to be a waste of time because of the plot and the acting - which was the worst kind of boring in movies ever.   The acting was terrible. The script was bad. The plot is terrible and dull and I can tell that people are supposed to be impressed by that. The soundtrack was terrible, the sets looked very different.  The story was predictable and the movie looked pretty dull and boring and predictable - but the actors are uninteresting at all, but only when it's one of the "bad" kind.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very familiar with this film when it first came out. I really thought it was simply bad for the fact that the film was filmed on real (albeit extremely poor) sets rather than an artificial, non-real (albeit artificial) set. They were awful, because I thought the actors were stupid and the story was boring. The film was shot in the style of a high-budget film with a budget that was far too low for the film's story.  This film was terrible, but it wasn't terrible. It was bad; it was dull.  I thought this film made the entire film dull and boring. It did, but what the hell was the point. There was nothing in the way that made the film dull, but rather the director was so obviously trying to do the impossible. The movie was boring, but the director's vision was completely empty. I'm afraid that this movie will only be boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the cast is a mixture of very young people and an older couple trying to conceive. It.The couple who is trying to have a baby and the couple who has an older child is the same. They're not the same couple who have the older child. They are different people, but when they come together, they're not people we would know, but people we are used to, and in some cases they're people we've never heard of. They've become strangers, but not so different from other people we know.  The only person who was different was Adam Goldberg (who played the husband) and the person who did the deed was Adam Sisk. They were both actors I didn't like. In one case, a couple who are trying to get pregnant and they're trying to be a couple of the same species. The person who committed the act was the same person who got pregnant and became the father. But in the end, we saw nothing different than what we've heard before. But if the person responsible for the act committed the deed, the act failed. Adam Sisc was a young college senior, but was a senior who took the act more seriously than a couple in their early 20s, but who was a 21-year-old high school senior and a senior, who did it more seriously then a couple at the same grade, and he was one of those people who didn't do it until their 20s.  It's a pity, because Adam Siskel, who was in one of his last jobs before moving on to a successful TV host and was the person he started talking to, is a college senior who never does it, but in the beginning the idea was that he did not do it. There is nothing about the act, but we did see more then we have ever before.   The acting was generally OK, but the actors were not great and they weren't bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film I saw was this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was supposed to be in the top ten movies in the movie history. I'm sure that this isn't the worst movie of all time.   My Grade: 3  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It would be my suggestion that this movie is one of the worst movies ever made.  But this movie isn't even up to par. It's so far beyond the top of my worst movie list. The movie in question is so bad I couldn't even say it.  It's one of those movies with an annoying movie, but this one is also so far from what I've ever seen. And the ending is just so dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book about how the "Stardust" movie was a film that made no sense. I wanted to see "Starkit" and "Stargate". I had no idea what the heck was going on, but that was a shame.  "Starry Space" is a pretty stupid mistake in my opinion. I don't think most people understand "Starksit" enough.  It is bad "Space" fans. The fact that most people think "Starchaser" is as good as the fact that this "Starshat" film is one of the worst movies of the decade.   The main problem I have with "Starsad" is that the storyline is stupid and boring. The story is an excuse for an annoying one. The acting is worse than anything.  I will keep my expectations low. The "Starcase" film has some promise. It does a terrible job.  The "Space Race" movie has a small amount of redeeming. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie's "bad" effects aren't even great, but I've never seen a movie with bad effects like this. The characters are uninteresting in the slightest.  The ending is very predictable, and at least it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  Overall, the movie is predictable and I wouldn't be surprised if the characters played as they normally would. I give this a 1 because I've seen worse movies and it's not one of my least favorite movies and I really can't understand why they cast people in a manner which would leave you speechless.   This movie is poorly written and not particularly boring.  I've even come across the worst of them as the worst thing. It's very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But when you look like the film was shot on a really low budget, that means you have to believe the people who are involved in these films had no clue. So when you hear of this film, you don't know how bad it was made.   There's no plot, but at times there is some pretty bad acting. The worst part of this debacle is the editing. The acting and script are so bad in the first place I was astonished at what a waste of time this "film" was.  I give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a rip-off of a classic Canadian film from around 1960 to the late 1970s. The film was intended to showcase the film's original intent and the film should have been shown as a statement of Canadian history to its audiences. The filmmakers had made a huge mistake by not focusing on the story. This is just more of a disappointment and a waste of time.  I can recommend the film and watch this at least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago when my husband and I were looking for a movie to rent in our local video store, we heard a couple of people saying, "Oh my gosh, when was the last time I saw this movie, I laughed so hard I had a lump in my throat." And I laughed all the way through without stopping to cough, and the couple that played the part of the parents had a very bad movie. The scene in the beginning with the man sitting on the stairs was funny, but not the parts where they laughed like this in our house. I laughed and laughed and then I got up to pee.  A couple times I was in the store and I thought, oh my gOSH, when were the last two times I have ever laughed in this movie in the aisle, it had to be the first two times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just don't know how to make it! And I'm not in the least bit surprised that people think I should watch this movie, but I've never seen much of the film. It. It's the same old thing, but this time it has a bunch of plot and two sets of actors that don't play together that well.  In conclusion, this movie is, in fact, the film of a couple of 20-something friends who find out about the existence of an inhumane killer named "The Grinch". In this case it is the only person that plays a part that would make this film worth renting. I've always been a fan of this movie and a few times I have found myself rooting for the Grinch and thinking that I've wasted my life watching this movie. However, I would suggest only renting this if you're expecting to see a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole film is nothing to write home about. The acting is the same as the writing is. In fact, it's not the acting that is so bad. In the first half of this movie we see some rather obvious holes in the storyline. The actors in their roles are simply cardboard cutouts. This is nothing I have never heard before.  If I had the opportunity to write a negative comment on the first twenty minutes of this film I would have mentioned the fact that one might as well have written a negative reviewer about a really badly made, overhyped, bad film. I would not have mentioned that it's based on the life of a teacher who teaches a group of kids. She knows one child's life and another's that of another child, one that we know is a better fit for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film doesn't work on DVD when it comes out for the first time. This film is one of the worst movies I've seen in my entire life. A man who was in love with her (Liam Hemsworth) falls in love and then dies. He gets his last wish, but he wants to be with someone else in the world when he gets there. The only other person I saw in the film was the girl who wanted to go to the place her father and brother were taking her (Tara Reid). She just says he's going to die and then he just falls to the ground and dies.   The plot was predictable, but not as predictable. The script was poor or incoherent and the actors, by the way, were horrible, uninteresting or unsympathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so thin as to make you want to cut it off your own finger - but only because it is such a bad idea.   I saw this as a kid, but it a joke when it shows people doing the act? It isn't funny, but at least you can tell that they are.  Don't waste your time watching this movie for the sake of comedy or anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure why this movie didn't get nominated for an award, but it really should have. This has to be the worst movie I have ever seen in my life and I can tell you, it will be the WORST EVER!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an old movie, I couldn't believe this was a joke. But even if you're not a fan of bad jokes, and the movie looks like the joke is too long and the comedy itself is unoriginal and the jokes are uninteresting, this film is a joke you can enjoy, and you can expect a joke every five minutes, but the joke itself will bore you to tears. I gave this movie a one star rating on IMBD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot - which has so much potential for emotional resonance - has been pretty flat in the past few years, but then only just because the story is so much more interesting. But the acting is sub-par. The characters are as one dimensional as I've ever seen in a B-movie. The songs are the standard fare and the dialogue - while poorly written - are in the middle of the pack in terms of what I can comprehend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of an original horror film that has the same name as its title and the same title as its author?  The cast is the only reason to watch this film - its a movie you can rent on video if you want. This movie has the worst problem with the story - the whole thing has to be filmed with all the necessary sound, editing, lighting, editing and the sound mix that the film was originally designed for. If you get this, do not rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't wait until the film is released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very short summary of a film: This is a very low-budget film from the 60's and 70's, where the film is mostly set in the mid-80's. It's A Very Low-budget Film. The production values are quite high, but at least the actors aren't terrible and the direction is poor.  My Grade: B  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of boys, headed by a high school counselor, decide to play a joke on a group of girls in order to keep from falling into the wrong kind of trouble. This makes for one of the many problems facing teenagers today: the very nature of teenage alienation causes many young people to act like adolescents, i.e. to think they're a "bitch". The actors, the locations, the situations and the plot.  It's a very short story, with some minor characters and a few minor laughs, but the movie just isn't any good movie. A good movie, with the only real problem in the movie is how to approach this situation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can just think of one way this movie had potential to be really funny - by having the actors act like this, but without actually having the same dialogue, without speaking in that stupid first one-liner you get the funniest parts of the movie.  There are two scenes in the movie that made me laugh hard enough to tear a hole in my shirt - one where the actors played the role of policemen. I gave it one of three possible stars, but I was glad I saw the movie - but this was just way too much to ask.  I have to say, it's not because this movie was made in an English film, but it's pretty lame in the worst sense. In a way this is the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure to write a negative about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is bad, but it still sucks. I know that the writers could have done a lot better. They could have been writing one of the worst movies i have ever seen. This one is garbage, so its a joke, its not. Its also a joke. The writing is bad in this movie, but that is a joke and a joke so it would have been a joke if it wasn't a joke in my opinion, but a joke without a joke is a very bad movie and that is the only thing you need to know. Its not even good. Its only one of those movies i want to leave out of the "worst movie ever". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title was "Cult of the Killer". This is a very bad movie, but I am surprised the producers didn't release it in two separate parts. The only reason I give this one a 3 or even a 2 is because it has really been released, but that would be an insult to everyone who bought it.    As a person who has only ever seen one movie and is willing to spend money on it, I don't know any of the "story" of the film. In fact, I haven't ever even heard the name of the director of the movie. I am a fan of both "Culture Shock" movies and "Contagious" films. But this film really stinks with bad script and bad dialog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised because this movie didn't feature any scenes that weren't filmed in a way that resembled old European films (such as "The Last Picture Show" or "The Movie Show") and I thought it was kind of a waste of time. If you are expecting a good film, I suggest you look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to laugh out loud when I watched this movie, but it was terrible and extremely pointless!  I could tell you about the name of this movie: This was the worst movie I've ever seen. But I've seen many movies in my life, but this one had the worst of them. So my guess is they used the same name to describe their movie, or at least, the movie ended much like I thought they would. But, the name "The Family" was a good idea! If you're like me, it's about the idea of a family! It's so corny it hurts, but when I got to watch it again, it actually took about 1 hour of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a pity, but only if you're a huge movie fan, but not a fan. This movie is full of bad effects and bad acting, but the script is terrible at all. The script is poor, the characters are poor, but their acting is lousy. If you want to see a low budget movie, you're going to get to see all the actors acting like they were in first grade. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really decent way to spend money is in the movie theater and watch a film without getting shot dead by machine guns. So while there are still some people out there who have never seen it before, it is a disaster waiting to happen. It's a great idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say with confidence is that the acting was awful. Acting was a problem. And as the only non-actor in this film was a man, he had nothing in common with any other male actor I've ever seen. But he did it in a way I hadn't seen before. His lines were atrocious as he paced about the apartment he shared with his new girlfriend. It's hard to get a sense of his character's intent in a movie, but not at all. His character is both the man and the woman. So if you are looking for something to write negative review on for the man who wrote this novel, read "The Man in the Mirror" instead.  The first time I saw this film, I was in the mood for something different. I also saw it with my boyfriend when he was visiting his grandparents. So while it had a bad idea, it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director had already proven himself to be a master of the "wanted-man" genre, but he has to fight this new movie. However, despite this new production, the writing and dialogue are still the same weak points of a film, and as a whole, this movie fails miserably.  The story and the acting were, of course, bad. The plot and writing were extremely bad, and this movie lacks energy and motivation. It fails miserly.  I have seen more films from this director than anyone alive. He has done more movies than anyone, but I can only assume he was one of them, but this movie does not.  There are some other movie actors who were awful and horrible but completely lacking and bad, but not as I thought. But if it were a "Wanted Man"-type film, this is a definite waste of time. It is beyond pretentious.  Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why I had never heard about a "classic" movie and why they're such a bad idea (it's not like it was ever funny).  I can't even remember when I saw it. My husband had recently shown me the movie.  If you've ever seen it before, you know how much it pains you to sit through it twice, because it's so short (if you're not sure how short it is). I'm afraid that the film could have used some real humour, but this is just an insult, a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is so weak... but it's supposed to be boring. A group of college students from Rhode Island, led by a very annoying teacher named Mrs. Brown, try to help their classmates. If you like this movie, do not waste your time.  The movie is not supposed to look like a B grade action movie, but rather an M grade comedy, so the audience could enjoy a lot of laughs, because there are people who could not stand the joke, but only because they couldn't get any laughs. However, this movie lacks that.  My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why I rented the movie twice a year.   I didn't even know what the hell the movie was. The only reason I remember it is because it looks like a big waste of time. This movie is absolutely bad. The script has a few moments where it is difficult to care about.  So this is really a b-movie.  This review was the absolute worst. The plot is very predictable and the movie never fails. You have to admit that the acting is terrible. It is a movie that you will not like it either. If you want to see a movie, rent this movie and give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a series of scenes from the movie. The scenes that I had seen on TV. They had horrible and unspeakable camera moves, and were actually filmed with the intention of giving the audience a good laugh, and also to make the movie more entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in the early eighties. But when I heard this film was being made in 1978 I thought "this film has been made for TV" it was "the last film to break" because it was so "cheesy", but this film is about "The Last Picture" (1980) because it is really bad, and this film really had no "paintings". The plot wasn't a story, but it was an insult to everyone who had a clue. This is really, really badly. You just had to say something before they knew what was going on in your head.   The plot is boring, but the story itself was also awful. But it's bad to just think about because the plot was boring.  No "paints" were made and the camera didn't zoom in.  This film was a joke. So was this really worth watching, and what?  And it's not funny when it was just "pretending" to be. The "plot" is poor. And you will hate this film because you saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to look at the bottom of the list of the worst movies i saw on TV this weekend the film would not have been a disaster. It Was A Disaster  But this film is not an accident. The plot is thin and weak, and there are no characters that you need to care about.  A few of the actors seem to have the talent to carry out roles that could only be described as "professional".  The direction and filming is bad.  The film is also made in a way that is utterly unfunny and bad. I don't know why anyone would waste a lot of money on this film as they would on the original Star Trek or even The Simpsons. In fact I'm so sure that they made the original movie much better, but then the acting was terrible.  I give this a "5". I could of course make a list of things that are so terrible in movies, but even if it's not bad, it is at least a waste of time. If you are planning on wasting a lot more time watching this film, just skip this film and go on to a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film about 10 years ago (before its original release) but I thought it's a low budget effort to get audiences to laugh.  I was very surprised to see the film was a big hit in the UK (despite not being released in America and Japan). The actors and sets were absolutely terrible and horrible, and the comedy was completely uncalled. I thought they were the actors but that didn't stop the production of a comedy that's worse than boring and I'm sure the actors could have done a better job.   So to sum up: The plot is lame. It's a shame that the film isn't in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the actors play in this movie, the characters and the scenes are so poor, when we see them in the hotel the scene is so bad as it washes with milk, which we see from the other end of the room.  The hotel is the real worst place to see it in, but this movie isn't even a disaster, but the worst is still a disaster. But I think it wasn't that terrible. I don't know if it is for real.  This movie is an absolute disaster, a catastrophe, and we know the movie is bad. I've seen it many times and it is the only movie I've ever seen in such a short time where we actually understood that it was a disaster and the only way you could have survived was to leave the hotel and go somewhere else. I'm sorry I'm not sure how this hotel actually felt like a deathtrap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original series, Power Rangers, began in 1993 after three years of conflict and reconstruction had begun. Power Rangers are the "most successful" and best known versions of the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers team. The original Rangers were "the original ones", in the English dubbed version of the show.  The Mighty Morphintronics version of Power Rangers also has the original animation from 1993. The production values of the original series are probably the highest it has ever seen.  This is just a bunch of the worst! The original show was cancelled in 1993 due to low ratings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is in part of a series of films made in the 1970's and 80's as part of the International Film Festival of Hong Kong. There are also some films about the events that have unfolded in recent years, including the Massacre of Tiananmen in the Chinese countryside and the events in Kashmir.   The movie is titled "The Death of King"  The last 30 minutes of "The Last King" is shot in shadow, but the footage is not, in my opinion. It is very, very depressing.  "The Killing Field," is a documentary about the treatment of the homeless on a large scale, but it has its limits. There is nothing like a "Last King." But you may have expected something that could have been worse than this.  The characters are the worst, but even so, the movie is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half is one of my favorite films. There are several movies I rented because I couldn't believe I would see the sequel. I saw it. The DVD had this film on it. But they had to get it from Blockbuster. So it was bad. Bad. It was slow. it was in the movie. it has to be bad when people say it was so. there is no such thing as bad movies. It is very bad movie. very bad acting. very dull. I am going to write a positive review about one of the worst movies ever. but I would only recommend people go rent this and see what is going to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (SPOILER AHEAD) The only thing that I am disappointed about is that there is no plot. The rest of the movie was predictable, yet very unsatisfying.   (CUTTING) I found this movie to be dull and the characters to be annoying. The actors were wooden.  The music was a bit dull, but that was a mistake.  I have to say, it wasn't that "good movie" either. It made you smile, it made you appreciate the idea of a "small world" and of course it made me laugh, but nothing else. The only real problem I had with this movie was that I had to put up with the film. If you are a fan of horror movies and this is your movie to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very predictable and has no real substance to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was pretty poor. Bad acting. Bad writing. Bad script. Bad dialogue. Bad jokes. Not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "It's a shame you wasted the time."   I can easily understand why people who watched this movie, when it comes to a big screening on the last Thursday of the month it will still be there.  The problem is, this is one of those movies where you just want it to be true. You want it not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has been billed as a low budget film from the beginning of this millennium. I watched it several times during the past 3 years. I found the "jokes" and "comedies" boring, but not for the first 15 minutes. The first 30 minutes of this film is absolutely painful for those who have never experienced this type of torture.   The script is thin and the production values are so poor. The only good thing about this film I can really say is that it is one of the worst films of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the first film, we know that this movie was very disappointing, but I'm surprised how many people saw this and laughed. This, but not this.  The story is about a small town sheriff named Jason (Robert Downey Jr.), and the only good character he has, but unfortunately, it only lasts for a short period. It's like the movie "Wanted" where the two cops try to arrest Jason, and are joined by his girlfriend Jessica (Rosario Dawson) and his son Carl (David Morse). They're joined by a mysterious guy played by Jon Bon Jovi and his girl played by Rosario Dawson (Rosanna Arquette), and all are joined in one way. It was a great disappointment.  There's also a pretty bad movie where Carl is kidnapped from a church, but he's not able to get his car and drive off before being stopped by the sheriff (Danny Glover) and a police officer (Loren Zielinski).  This movie just doesn't have the talent to carry the entire plot.   There are two good things about "Walking Tall" and "Man Without a Brain". The acting isn't so bad as the first one "Shots" has shown. The production design for this movie is bad or amateur, and they're not so awful like "High Fidelity", but neither is this film one to skip out on either.  This may have the worst effect on film history as it's not even "worth the 3.75" price tag. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a fan of the sequel and I thought this was my personal opinion, but it it. This movie is full of poorly written, unfunny jokes and the idea that if you're into the first film, then you must have the same kind of jokes. The writing is bad and bad. This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen and the only reason I gave it two stars is because it was filmed in grainy black and white. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read a lot of bad reviews where they call this movie "The biggest problem with this movie is that it lacks all the necessary elements of a horror movie (especially when it's in the early days before the movie was actually released in theaters). The cast consists of the usual suspects from a horror genre that's been made several times before. Unfortunately, the actors don't speak a language that people who are not familiar with the genre speak. The script is bad, but the actors are the most uninteresting.  The script has many of the qualities that one might expect. The story is completely incoherent. The characters are all extremely unlikable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the movie starts, I couldn't help but think about all the horrible movie from the first film in this series that I haven't seen. The characters, plot, script, lighting, music, camera-work, camera angles, editing, and sound were very similar to other B movies. It seemed to me like some kind of religious/spiritual film, but I don't really know the context of any of these movies or the actors, and I am willing to be surprised. The whole premise seemed weak. I didn't care about them. I know there are people who will love this series, but for me it is just boring. I just want to sit down and take a break from this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing i had ever seen was this and they were very disappointed and they said something. So in my opinion the movie was a waste of time, but it it's own movie,but when it comes to that point you are looking at one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my life,but it's like it's not even a good movie because it's just a waste the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is a comedy thing. But I do find the comedy in this movie a little annoying. This movie was a disappointment because it a disappointment. But at first I was very disappointed.  I gave this movie the name it came with at the very end, but it is also one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The story is the usual type; the movie is very boring. But it is a disappointment, but I have nothing to say about it.   Avoid it because it doesn't do anything for me. Avoid this movie because it is an insult to my intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a truly terrible film for a bunch of people who insist on watching the "horror" movies genre. The only horror flick of his that I found to be particularly shocking or even worth watching, but this has the same horror genre that the first one had. It's not exactly awful to watch. It is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a little "B"  And it's a "B-Movie". But it's not a "Movie", but a "Film". The script is just the only thing that is annoying to be laughed at in this piece. But that's not why you should go out and rent "B".   But it could have been. But in the end it all went downhill 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this movie has no meaning or any value whatsoever is the least important part of the movie. It's the reason why we're wasting our time on this movie and the reason we watch this movie in the first place.  The movie is a complete waste of time and there's nothing to be said about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the equivalent of an early silent comedy film. The original film itself is also worth a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No offense to anyone who saw this movie, but I saw this with great enthusiasm. This movie has a number of problems I'm afraid of - but they're the kinds I can see.  I am a fan of the original series, but it's the first and last time I've seen it. I've never seen the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is written in the third-person: in fact, the dialogue is completely incoherent, the story line is poorly drawn, and the writing is inconsistent. The only people who aren't supposed to like this movie are the people who dislike the movie because it is so very long.  They can't say much: people who actually LIKE this movie have to be at least 18 years old; the people with whom you might have disagreements like me and people who are too young are just 7. They are supposed to behave like a 5-year-old.   The actors are good: and the movie is in some parts boring, but this is the kind of movie I expect to have on late night TV. It's one of those movies where the writer and director decide that they have to get out of their seats. If you don't like it then don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, why isn't this movie about a man with an I.Q.Q., who doesn't even know what a Q.Q means when she says that she is the Q. Q. has no name, but this has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The script is written in such a way that I feel like I am reading a bad novel by someone who is completely retarded, but nobody has ever explained anything to me that made me think this is written by a retarded writer. If you think the way that the dialogue is written (except the parts that make it look like an essay) is all wrong, you're kidding me.  If you want to see a movie that tries to be original, it may be worth your time.  I have no idea what to do with this, but I wish I had the patience to sit through this and see the worst movie I've seen in a long time. But I have nothing to complain about.    If I had this on a VHS, I would have rated it 0 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the movie. I'm surprised that these guys got it. However, the problem is that they didn't get it. If you're expecting me to go through the trouble of watching the movie and write about it on a turd of a website you got it, because the story is terrible. Well, I mean I didn't go through with the "why" you would expect, but then there are no stories, but there is a plot. I would rate this low because there's no story to speak of, but that's a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this kind of film...it's because you can see through your fingers...but the people who made this film said that was all they had to see...the way I saw this movie, I had already grown tired of it and I hadn't seen any movies that wasn't just amateur. But the people I had been watching had been just idiots who had to believe. But if I had seen this movie in a theater and had my ears pricked, I would have had to have been one of the people in the theater who had been convinced. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is boring and the story is very lame because it is supposed to be. This film is nothing special.   The music is bad and the plot is, well, lame. The actors were okay, but the acting was so-so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to review this, it would be very hard to find another movie with such poor acting and I would never go to see another film. But if you want to see a film that is as obviously bad, uninspired, poorly directed, overrated, and completely unconvincing, and with a bunch of really bad characters and lots of explosions that are supposed to be realistic. But I don't know that.  The actors all seem like they're reading their lines out of an improv script and really don't act at all that well. They have very little chemistry, but when this is on DVD it comes out with a DVD player that really hurts its case. So when I heard about this and saw that I was pretty excited about watching it again.  I don.t know what they were thinking. I saw a lot of people making fun of this film, but I didn't like it. But for some reason this movie sucks and its producers really had to pull it off DVD and sell it on Amazon. The DVD release of this DVD is an insult to DVD release and should be avoided at all costs. It's just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care if the movie was bad at all, but I will say, "Why do you think you're going to be able to write a negative movie with this one?" You could of course write a positive review about such a terrible movie: I actually do NOT know where the actors are supposed to be, but then, that would be the ONLY real problem. But why am I saying that?! I don`t CARE! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of thing that makes you look like a genius. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the plot is the weakest link in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a waste of time, but then I'd really like to see what's going on. What the hell was I going to see? This thing was not even worth seeing!  The film is only for me, and I don't see any purpose in that. I'm only disappointed because I saw it because I didn't have much faith or conviction. But the whole point is that, in many instances, the people in the film aren't human. But I don`t know what`s going on and I see no purpose in telling the truth. I think it`s OK if I`m not sure it`ll be true. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very typical. It's a joke that if your friends and family are out of town, you know you won't be getting a call from a taxi driver. There are people who do not live in Mexico. There's a real comedy that works well. This is probably the worst I've ever seen in Mexico, but not good and funny.  The film starts off in Mexico and goes across the border to the US.  There are two types of jokes: the Mexican jokes are very similar to the American ones, but the US jokes are much worse. The film is the typical Mexican comedy which has jokes that is so bad, but this one isn't. However the film doesn't go over the border. In Mexico, where most people don't think Mexicans are from Mexico, this film is only a joke, but for people who think you are going to get a call, you will get a real call in the US where they are from the US too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So if you want to see this movie, be advised that this movie may not be able to handle the script that I gave you a chance to read. I don't know how it. This movie is about "a group of guys with a group of girls that decide to go to Mexico", but I don  d like the Mexican girl to go there and "get in the car".  The Mexican girl is like the girl that is in the hotel. And she takes the car with her and goes back to Mexico. She drives the car "to the end". But she gets in the "car" and goes "back to the hotel". But the car takes "some time". This movie needs a lot more time. The girls get in the cars and go "back". They make it all a "bit" longer, but it's no more than the movie that you already know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very enthusiastic. But what the hell was I to do? It would be a bit better. It has one of the worst movies I've ever seen in a long time, but it's a big enough movie. I'd give it a 3 out of 10.  I am a huge fan of the "Funny" movie. It's an excellent choice for all fans of bad acting, badly directed movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this film after seeing it advertised in a local movie magazine.  This film is like one of those films that is so bad about film making because it had bad writing. It, but it did not work very well. I will never get over this film when it comes out again. It really is one of the worst films I've ever seen on this website. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is just plain boring, but they don't have a great plot. Even the acting is poor. However it is still the worst of the worst movies I've ever seen and in fact the only thing that really annoyed me was the poor production values.  However, the only reason I've heard about this movie was to say that it was one of those movies that didn't get the benefit of a 2-day festival.  The acting was poor, but the movie was in some ways the worst, not in all. I give it a 1-star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, "The Devil in the White" makes me believe that this film was made in the 80's but that it's a joke when the devil puts a magic curse on a child in a coffin and the child dies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of "A Nightmare On Elm Street" for years now, but it not a good horror film, but a bad horror flick. It a mediocre film I have just seen and laughed and cried. If you are a fan of horror, you don't want to see it again. The main question I had was "why did I rent "Silent Hill"?" if you do rent "Hollow Point" then you get "Wendigo" and "The Fog". And even the main question was stupid. "Why do they want me to rent 'Silent hill'" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the ending of this movie is a little bit too predictable, but I'm not in the least bit surprised. I really don't think that the filmmakers, the actors, and the actors were given too many chances to try something original and funny.  I gave this movie the benefit of the doubt, but only once. But, if the ending was as dull as the ending to this movie, I'd give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if you want the most of the movie: I thought it was a good film, but only a few of the actors, from the "The Avengers" to "The Defenders", had the skills to play in the league.  If you want to waste money watching this, you might as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this film is a case study of the worst movie I've ever seen. It's awful!  I gave this a 4. I gave it a 3. I'm still not sure about the 1. But if you're looking for something to do with this in a bad way it's not going to be this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is atrocious, the music is bad, and there are loads of girls who can't act. The acting of the girls is awful. This movie is for the young ladies of today to view. This is for people who think it is OK to have sex with girls because the other girls are not, but the sex act is just OK. I don't care, as long as I have sex, I do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When a movie becomes a cult hit, it is very difficult to predict who will lose. When it's a good day for a "small-budget" horror flick.   This is a movie worth renting if you are tired of the first ever "Walking Dead". This movie should have been included with the "Worst Picture Ever of "Wargames".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been a fan of David Lynch's early films. Although I only like David Lynch in the same way I like James Cagney's before. So there's nothing to spoil for, but I feel like I wasted 1.5 years of my life watching this and I'm surprised at the lack of effort it took to create. There is no continuity because Lynch directed the film and did not produce it himself.  I was expecting this to be a sequel to his earlier films, but the plot has been completely different from the film that made this a cult classic. But if you read the reviews, you know that it is a poor film because of its lack of knowledge and the fact that Lynch himself could have directed a better film. A good and fun idea! I can't think of a film.   If you want to go out of your way to waste your time and see this, there are a bunch of films to do that. But that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was filmed in Mexico and the English dubbed it "Mexico I love", but they did that just because, well Mexico I love (if you know me in person you are going to be mad). The sound track is in Spanish too, but not in English. The soundtrack is the worst. I only found the worst part, but still, the worst parts were in English too.  It was sad that the filmmakers used to "compile" this movie in an English dub, but instead of the original Spanish translation, they used an English dubbed. The only thing that I think could have saved this film from "worst part" is the fact that it made no sense. What the hell was I thinking?  The English dubbed version had bad sound, but it was nothing compared to the actual Spanish. The sound and story are terrible things and this is the most "worst" version I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so awful...  The movie has been so terrible. The actors are so bad, but they are so poor in their costumes. The movie is so terrible because it has an annoying plot about the horrible thing, but it's not a horror movie. I mean, this is a movie about the evil thing who lives in a cave where he can find himself a woman. It's kind of funny, but the movie was terrible, but nothing compared to a horror flick, and nothing compared at all. But this movie sucks and it's a bad waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A huge failure and disaster happened on the same day that the film was released. It? Well in that case it's not because I was expecting disaster. I'm still angry about this because I think that this film is some kind of a big disaster.  It? There are people who hate the film. I am sorry, I did not understand the true meaning of this film, but the idea is stupid. People who hate this film are just idiots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What makes a film like this an important movie to remember, but I am not exactly sure how to feel.  I don't think this film is at all. A film like A Serbian film to make people feel sorry and embarrassed and to get people to see this film was like one to make Americans see only one of a handful of films in which the same story was told. It is a shame this was made and this was not made for the purpose of making a film. This is the first of a series of films made by Kosovar director and writer Zvonko Vojinovic and his Serbian crew. Unfortunately this is the worst of a bunch of films to which people are going to feel embarrassed and feel sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this movie is absolutely awful. It is the equivalent of a bunch of half-dreadful movie where the director spends 90% of the film working with a shovel to dig a tunnel in a cave and a demon comes after him. It's like a bunch o' bad-two-hour-long zombie movie. I can go on for days without writing this review about an incredibly boring movie: if you like this movie and the previous movie, you will be like me and you will hate this movie. You won't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's one thing I like. That's not much better than the fact that it's really, well, a boring movie. Not in the least bit. You have to wonder where this is going. If you don't, you'll hate you and you'll feel cheated. You will hate me. And, if you hate me, you will hate all people that I have ever been in. And you will have to hate me as well.  All of which is probably an insult to the intelligence of a single human being. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is simple. It is predictable. The actors are ordinary. They are ordinary (not the stupid). The movie is stupid. This is a "low budget" movie.  This movie isn't even in it.  I gave this movie a rating because I have to give a "6" to an ordinary film. The "1" is my absolute worst. It's bad because it is so boring, but I thought the "4" is just boring.  There are parts that don't make sense, but there are parts I have seen hundreds of times. I'm an old-timer. It feels like I'm sitting in a library. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade:   The cast is made up of four people and the story is told in a linear narrative, but only one person ever says anything. The person who says something happens in the world. He is told nothing by the narrator, but in a way that is not supposed to be said. In short, nothing happens, but nothing happens at all. The story itself is flat and the characters are flat and flat, but none of it is flat.  A Grade: Bad movie.  I will give it a zero because it shows a lack of intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't figure it out, but I have to say the whole thing was so boring. But, since I can see and enjoy a picture of that stupid guy on the movie menu for a few hours or so, I would rather give this movie a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then, when the movie was about to come out, I'm sure the producers thought nothing could be expected. If you want to be a critic, please tell me what I was missing here.  The "salt of the earth" comment made by the producer, the director, and the actor was a bit harsh. The producer and the director should be applauded for working hard on such a project, but the actors should also get some points. The actors should have had more talent, but in this case, you get more of the typical bad movie that has no plot. "A few minutes before the end of this movie I sat down and started watching it without saying a word. This isn't really a film I'd like to have rated "5" since the movie is about killing people, not killing people. I'd give this a 2 because the dialogue was so horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My main complaint with this film is the lack of action and the terrible dialogue. As with many previous horror films of this genre, you get to know the characters well enough.  I don't know what the production budget was. I don''t know where the money came from. And I don�t care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen that I will never give this film a 1 rating because it is so unfunny and that's what you would expect it is.  And I hate this movie because the story is the most important thing I have EVER seen in a movie.  I love it in spite of the fact that it is SO FAST and the plot is SO thin, but it really doesn't help much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the central theme of this film. The characters are all quite unlikable.  The characters in this film were unlikably bad. The plot in this picture was predictable and it was boring. And the characters were all very unlikables.  It's not a movie of any sort to me. I'd rather watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script has a couple of funny parts, but there are no funny parts to make the film funny. I have seen the movie several times and it made no sense whatsoever and I have always hated when this film comes on and tries to do it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film, which I saw it first, is one of the worst films I have ever seen (but, when this film was released, they had a different title than the "Mystery Men" or "The Invisible Man").  The production values of this film are the worst.  I am surprised to see that they did release a few films in that "Mysteries of a Lifetime". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, it's a disaster to watch this movie.  A lot of people have compared this movie to Dogville.  But this movie is like Dogville (2009). It's Dogville as Dogville was.  The acting isn't even at its level. If you enjoy Dogville, this movie will bring tears to your eyes.  This movie may have to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen in my life. But it's the worst film i've had since i've known i've been a child, and i've seen worse movies of all the crap i've received throughout my life, and I've NEVER had to endure this one. It's a waste of time 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe that the producers saw "The Dead". There's not a plot. The writing is very bad movie.  The actors are terrible, as usual, completely unbelievable. They are too unappealing and they are horrible.  It's not. That's the main point. It's horrible. But I'm sorry, that's how it is. The only problem I have is that I don't know where this movie came from. But it's not even worth a 1 in the worst movie category and you will feel bad when you watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original "The Dead Code" starts out with a lot of dead bodies that are being dug up from a cemetery. The corpse is moved to a warehouse where the owner gets paid to transport it back to the cemetery. It's a sick and sick and really bad movie. If you look at the DVD cover you will see that it has been filmed in a poor, dark and boring, monotonous black and white.  I thought that this movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen because I had not seen the original movie yet I knew that this had been shot in a very dark, very ordinary black and WHITE. I just wanted to complain about the original film because I knew it was a very bad movie, which is why I rated this so low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I encountered is that this movie is a very boring movie and I found myself not caring to waste my time. It's a very dull movie. The acting is very uninspired and some scenes have very weak parts. The plot is weak, but the movie is flat and has some boring. The whole movie is bad and the soundtrack is dull. I guess the writing and directing are also boring.  The acting and writing are the worst and I'm not sure how many scenes are "cheesy" (or "cheezy") and not at all scenes, but I'm going to assume most of the scenes are.  This movie is so poorly acted that it's a chore to watch. It has bad music and a lame script and the story are bad.  There is a scene in the film where the characters are driving a van and an old woman in the van turns into a deer. The only part I dislike is that the main character is a guy and the woman is a woman. She just sits there and says "Hey, how can you tell me that this is the beginning of a big disaster and not that she's going to be in the hospital for weeks. She is totally OK. She's so unappealing and she makes one guy in the beginning look like a hero. It shows me how the main characters are weak and uninspired. I'm sorry I watched this movie so I could feel good and I couldn't even finish it. I can't. I don't even care. I want to see the movie again. I mean, I hate the movie. I hated this movie because I saw it as boring movie. It was boring, but not because I hated anyone or anything. If I had the chance, I'd read this movie a thousand times.  I really don't know. I read this film about three days ago. A bunch of people complained that the script was boring and I read it a hundred times. I hate it because it's so bad. They make the same mistakes in every movie I've ever seen. I really didn't hate them, but most of them were boring. But if it's all I'm doing it's just boring and this film is boring and the characters were like average, ordinary people. Then they make fun of every character, except the girl, but they don't do it like in a "B" movie. Every character except the main one guy and his girlfriend. It had very little character
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't the worst movie of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I say "worst of the movie" (i know i'm a huge fan).  This movie's so bad. It Might Work (the joke, the trailer)   The script is terrible and the characters were OK. But at the end, the writer made a promise to the audience of some movie.  This wasn't even that bad or in the slightest way, but this movie could have been written by some 20 years old. It seemed more of a joke than a film. But if you are not a fan of movies then you are just an idiot.   Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie with my friends when I was 10 years old. I am the type of person who never watches any movies that is worse or worst or most boring or I am not happy about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the movie only lasts a few seconds on its original run-time. The characters are bad for a day, but only about 5 seconds. But the story is badly-written (in bad, amateurish voices) so I'm sorry, but this is what the characters in this script look like, which I am 100% certain is a mistake.   Unfortunately, this is the type of film that is so devoid of substance that it becomes so ordinary. And then, you get to see the entire movie (with all the music!) in one sitting. The plot is bad, the characters are stupid and the dialog is just not funny, but you can tell that someone wrote this.  So, go rent it if you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie first.   I'm glad I saw the movie and I'm sorry I wasted the money. I wish I never saw this film.  I thought it was made in 2002 (a few years ago), and I was sad it wasn't. I am glad I didn't.  The acting in this film is terrible. All the characters are bad or unimportant.  Some of the scenes don't make sense. However, the story is badly written.  All of the dialogue is non-existent. It's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at the beginning of its run-in with the late, lamented (if only to be forgiven) filmmaker who, with no artistic pedigree, did his best with the story of one man who has been in his path for 30 years; a man who is unable to live, his wife takes the child into her home, the father returns to his life on his own, the child is taken from him, the mother remarries, and the father decides to become a new father.  One of the only positives this film offers is its stunning cast and its bleak and bleak ending. This is probably the weakest film I have ever seen in years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had a plot, with an occasional laugh, but when it got boring, it got dull. It's a very simple idea. It should have been better scripted. The characters should have more life. It made no sense whatsoever. The whole concept of the movie is poor. There are some interesting twists on the whole subject of living in a modern world, but if you're looking for the movie to start with you're going to have to leave things like that.  I give this movie a 1, and hope nothing ever comes close to the quality of the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the most painful reviews I've ever read was the one about the movie where the girl who had been molested to death gets a chance to live again. The girl who killed the girl is played by a female actor who had recently been molest in her sleep.  The movie starts out very slow, but the movie starts to feel a lot like a "movie within a movie". This seems to be more than that. It's just not nearly as bad. It could have been one of the worst movies I've seen in recent memory.  I'm sorry, because that's my only hope that this film is somehow going to be as bad as Saw or Zodiac. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had seen this movie a lot. The movie's plot is very interesting, but it also has lots of characters and plot, but nothing really happens for most people.  I've already told you how to find this movie. It is not the only bad movie, but I don't know anyone who would want to see this movie when this movie was made in 1990, but anyone who has watched this movie from 1995, 1995 is probably not going to care one bit.  But the problem is: the cast was bad, but the plot was very bad.   If you plan to waste your time this is not going anywhere, but you still have to spend 2 hrs to see it if you have the patience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel is better than the original.  This is a movie about an old-fashioned movie that shows us that we need to be realistic, that we have to accept that there is no point in making the movie realistic.  It  We must also keep in mind that the "action scenes" and "plot" are just a very bad idea, a "film" about something happening in real life.  I really wanted this movie because I thought that there were two kinds of action movies: The first kind is like "Fast Action", the second kind is "Slow Action".  The "slow action" is just boring. But if you think in terms of action (action, not "action-adventure") I recommend "Fast" if you like to have an action adventure and this if you don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is based off of the events, including the events that have been reported at the school, the events at the mall, and the events and relationships that have just been reported by the parents (except with the exception of the event and relationship which are reported by both the parents, and are reported in a non-linear fashion, which is not reported in the movie itself) and which the family and the community have dealt with in their daily lives. The events are not told to the families. This means that the events are only a way to build up suspense, but it also means that there is a lack of character development in the event. The film ends when the parents start arguing about the events.    In short: A movie like "Shall We Dansu?" is very predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not a huge fan of this series and that is what the film is made of.  I feel sorry for the actors but the characters are so thin they are at risk of death.  This isn't exactly a huge waste of time or a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised that this film has a low rating. I think it's because people who know the movie will be able to empathize the characters. In a real-life context the characters behave like real- people who had been in similar situations in their lives.  I also think people who write, direct, produce and edit movies should know the difference between an actual movie and the movie they made from the actors in their real lives. For example, I like movies so that I will have to watch and learn how to do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie over a dozen times, and it still stunk the hell out. The dialogue was awful (albeit corny) and the plot was weak. What a waste of a waste. The main thing about this film is that it is the kind of movie that would appeal to children.  In this film, we have one of those scenes where the animals have sex...but the animals don't actually have sex. It's so boring, it's like a piece of pornography.  It's also one of the films that should have been banned. Its a waste if you ask me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shameful pity to see how many of the worst movies ever was made.  I did not agree. I did NOT think that this movie had a special message to any of the people who have seen this movie.  But I did think that the acting was terrible - but I guess that when you have read this book and watched this movie, you have seen one of the saddest and most depressing and sad moments I have ever witnessed.  Please don't waste your time, but DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU WANT TO SEE BODIES LIKE 'GIRLS NEXT DOOR' AND 'SPOILER' - BUT DON'T SEE IT UNLESS IT WOULD MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN BEFORE. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My advice, I can honestly say that I think this is way better than the usual "dubious". But after reading the IMDb reviews, I know that I've just been on the receiving end of the whole disaster, but I never thought it was in any kind of a rush and that this was something of a disaster. But the ratings do not even mention the disaster.  The acting is bad. It was just a disaster... but then, of course, the disaster had already been declared.  "It is not an action movie with little special features. "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I know that you can't write anything negative review- negative review on a bad film: It's a shame that this film has the makings of being the worst kind of films ever made. But in reality it is even worse than this one, because it fails so badly. It's one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life. I'm a huge fan of all kinds of flicks, but I was also a fan of movies that failed miserably in the worst ways of the cinema. This one fails miserably.  Unfortunately, the other films in the series, but with terrible dialogue, fail miserably when it comes to the subject matter.  I can tell you that this piece of "art" fails miserly. But the problem is how badly it failed miserly in the subject.   The worst is the writing.  The writing is the worst problem when it becomes so "invasive". This fails miserally in most ways.  But if the characters are not so bland and uninteresting (they should be), the film failed miserley as well. But if there is a lack of imagination and intelligence, the film fails miserley because it falls on its face.  This fails because the characters behave like caricatures, but then so miserably so. But it only fails in this way. I am absolutely certain that the characters in the movie are so uninteresting. The rest fail miserly as well (and failing miserably, but if the actors are uninteresting as well).  But I don't know if the writing and dialog are un-intelligent in anyway. I don;t know. I also know the story was never that well developed in the original, but it fails miserably, in its pathetic attempt to appeal to the audience. The story fails miserablilly in its attempts to appeal and it fails because it failed in the same way that the script fails miserically and so the film itself fails miser.  What a waste of an insult to waste away on a film that never even attempts to be the kind of film that fails in the slightest. This is an insult, but the story fails in miserably with every excuse that the writer and writer-director have to offer. The film fails in its attempt to be uninteresting, but failed miserablily in the fact that it failed because it was poorly made and so it failed. The director failed miserally, but he fails miserbly because he failed miser
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one has no special effect or any sort of plot. This one just looks like a waste of time.   I know one of the actors involved (Ruth Gordon) was not good either but in this movie it was one of those movies that have a lot of ideas that just do not pan out when compared to something like this. There are also many scenes that just look like they were shot with a camera with more than two lenses that are only two-thirds of the way across the screen. That is not possible. The script is thin and the story is weak. The story just doesn't make sense. The characters look like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid fan of this movie and was disappointed that a bunch of years ago, the plot was not developed in much depth. The story is actually quite boring and the characters are not quite well drawn.  I will admit that this movie had a lot of good jokes and characters which was not all that interesting or amusing.  The movie seemed to get a bit boring and dull, but this film doesn't seem to have much of a story and it's not a disaster to be made into.  This movie is the kind you would not be able to take a day trip to the movie theater in the US, but if you go to a flea market you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I want to go back to the first time I ever watched this movie. I watched it like the first one was made.  "The movie had been made 10 years earlier. The premise was similar. The actors were good and the plot had been told very well by the writers. The movie was made in a way that is not typical in a documentary. It seems the director didn't understand that the movie was about a "second chance" to live on after you had finished your first time. This movie was shot in such a way so that it was not a documentary and it didn't have any kind of plot. In fact, it did nothing for me. I'm not saying that I liked the story, but that it wasn't made in the "right" way. It just didn't do a movie for me, but for some people that has never watched this at least once in their lives, I wouldn't recommend it to them either. The fact that it could only exist in one place is what really bothered me in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting and the character development is as transparent as ever, but the film is about a man's mental state which leaves him unable to do anything to help himself. And the worst thing about this film is the way that it treats the man as a child (which has been done in so many other films).  The only problem with this film's approach is the lack of acting and direction (which is not in the least) and its lack of focus (though it's just as boring as the rest of the crap). The other two parts are simply boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of the film, with the cast playing a number of their characters, is so completely out of place, it is unbelievable. The music, sets, lighting, photography, and story are all fine. The acting is as if they are from the first ever episode of the TV series. I guess that is where it ends, but there was nothing. The whole thing was like, "hey look at this guy, he's really the worst". The only problem was that I got so tired of watching him in some episodes that he was so obviously not even real. I did not want to see the characters played by some actors that I know are terrible actors. I was more looking for it to end.  The casting was a bit disappointing to me, but I knew that they were bad actors and the script was bad. I just didn't care about it, but you have to be a real cynic to be one. I wanted to write a negative comment on the casting of a character that was meant to be funny.  I'm not making this film because I'm trying to be serious. I don't know what the heck happened and what the hell did I just waste time watching this movie, but it sure is not very funny. It would have been a waste of money and I wanted my 10 minutes back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting me to write a negative comment about an amateur film this is an extremely amateur film that deserves to be watched over and over again. It is!  This film has no plot and no reason to watch this film. This is amateur and contrived film. The only thing worth discussing is the fact that it's the only film that I have seen in a long time.  However, I can only assume that this film is only amateur when it comes to dialogue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I'm not going to go and rent a bad film that is like "The Last Picture Show" that is so terribly short, or even "The Great Movie Show". I rented this film for three reasons, but I was going to rent "I Love You!"  The first time I rented it, I saw it so young and was disappointed. However, I was disappointed by something else.  The only "good movie" in the whole of television history that I could recommend would be "The Color Purple" and "The Wonder Years". But "I Hate You!" is a film which I think everyone should see, but for people who are too young and "I Know That You're Out There" is a series that is way too long and "Haven On Earth" is another series I've never heard of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed and angry about this movie because it has so much talent, it is actually very good, but there is an abundance of talent in most of these films. This movie is probably the worst of many of them.   The writing is atrocious. I know I can't write. If anyone has an idea for a novel, I have some ideas for a movie: one has to have a good story with good characters, because you can't act like this man: "The best thing I have ever seen was "The Naked Kiss" which was released in 1969. I'd love to see a good movie that I've only seen in two movies.  It is about men who love this man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the first thing to happen after the production company went bankrupt.  This is definitely not the worst thing in the world.  It's the second worst thing I've ever seen a movie like this.  The first two times I've seen this movie I didn't know what the hell was going on, but after watching it a dozen times it becomes a cult of sorts. The plot is nothing new, but the way the characters are portrayed is so unbelievable. It feels like you're watching a documentary about a cult. The acting is wooden at best. I'm not even exaggerating. The editing is bad at all, but you will still get the first two shots of this movie in your head.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the movie was a failure.  The movie was made on a bad budget that didn't know how to build a spaceship.  It's not a disaster, a disaster. It's more of a mistake then a mistake.  This movie isn't worth the rent you can get or money you can spend.  I give this a 2 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film recently, but was not surprised at all. The film is terrible, but I do not know what to expect. But this isn't a film you would enjoy, but rather one you'd be forced to think twice about. This doesn't really bother me that much, but a film about a film so badly produced that you're almost afraid of falling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was pretty much much different than a lot of those other films that were crap. They have to keep a plot and a character in focus. The script is pretty bad, and the story isn't so bad, but the characters are bad and the plot isn't what makes a film so much. Unfortunately, the story, the acting, and acting is far better suited for the original film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that people like to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was about a woman named Kate (Bette Davis), who was working in an old-fashioned restaurant. She and her friend (Natalie Portman) go to the old- fashioned restaurant to talk with each other. They decide they want to go home together. They meet a couple of waitresses that are friends of the women in the restaurant. They are on the brink of going out and about it, and Kate and Natalie try to save it all from becoming a giant. It's one of the worst films I've ever seen in my life, it's one that people should not waste their time. This film is just bad and cliché. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my 2nd favourite "movie" of my childhood.  I just wish they would stop making movies after this, because it a movie about a guy who has no life. It It!  The plot is nothing new but the actors, music and direction are the main problem.  What I really hate is the dialogue. It is so boring. I can't believe they got paid.  The cinematography is poor but nothing like the sound. I could of been so angry at the director and director alone. It was only because it looked like he was making some sort of movie to show how he was going to waste my time. That would be so much better and much better. I am tired of the acting and direction so if there are no actors and the sound is awful, then I am a waste of. It's a movie that has some potential, but it has potential to be a movie.  If they had made a movie, then it was my "Funny Movie" - the kind that I could actually watch and laughed at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No joke is worth making.  The film is simply a joke. And I have to admit, it was a joke because I wanted to be taken seriously.  Inaugural I was extremely skeptical about this film because of the very fact that it's an old, very expensive B movies which made it a great idea to pass along. It's a joke but it's not funny, but this is a bad film for being a joke, a joke with no originality. This is also a comedy for the times when we are trying to be serious and it is not funny at all.  It's simply a B movie that tries to make us laugh and I hope that's what the critics are talking about. I've seen many films like this before but none are as bad as this. The film suffers from some of the problems we have with this film but it is a joke that should be passed on to other people and for people who think this is bad comedy as the basis of their comedy, but it isn't funny or I was fooled.  This film lacks any originality or humour because it is simply trying to make a point but it fails when it tries to be funny by making the same point as many other films like The Naked Gun and The Naked Kiss.  I hope others will see this film instead of trying to create a comedy out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so, you may be wondering, but why did they even bother? I don't know, I've seen worse movies that has worse things to say about movies: "The last scene in this movie is worse than any scene in "The Incredible Burt Lancaster in "Top Gun". But it's a waste of time because I had to pay the rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What happens in a place that was supposedly "so bad" because the movie was not well acted? What happens when people start to lose interest? Is the story ever going to change? In fact, they already have. It's like they just decided to try it at a café. It isn't just like the "so-bad" movies: the actors are awful and the directing bad script are the worst.  A film that focuses on the "social" issues (for the lack of a better term) and on the issues of racism and xenophobia. And unfortunately for anyone who likes the social issues, these are the same issues that were at the core of the film. There is so much material that it is simply impossible to write a negative comment on the film and the result can be very unsatisfactory. This means that this film is NOT a film that is about racism or xenophobia, but rather just a film with bad ideas. It is a film based on stereotypes that are very typical in most people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this movie is really poor, even for a movie in a low budget movie with such a long list of bad actors.  All of the characters have been played by the main actors, all of the minor characters have just been replaced with the main characters.  This movie is also the worst kind of film about bad movies writing.  The writing is badly written, badly acted, a bit boring, a little bit amateur at times, and the script is bad.   There is nothing like this. Everything is bad, I mean the movie just takes so long and this movie doesn't qualify as the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts like a modern American thriller about a group of friends that go on a murder spree.  There are moments of extreme violence and suspense in the movie, but the movie has no originality and the plot is about a friend who starts dating a girl she meets while he is away on a skiing trip, but finds himself attracted to the girl and gets the girl pregnant before the skiing trip ends. He then starts dating the girl who had been involved in the group of murders. His date ends by making love to her, but he has no sexual experience. He has a few moments in which he acts like a guy who is attracted to a girl who is pregnant. The movie contains nothing original and the characters are poor compared to others of his time.   The acting is poor, but one would think that acting and story development are equally important for a movie. The plot is weak, the editing is poor and the movie's plot is so bad, the movie just looks like a bunch of soap opera, but this movie has nothing to recommend it. There is no romance in this movie, the story is poor compared with others of its time. The story is so boring as to be funny, but what I did like in the soap opera "My Favorite Murder" by directing my movie is awful.  The premise and theme are the most disappointing part of this movie and the dialogs are atrocious. It just doesn't get enough material for a soap opera. The cinematography is weak and the editing looks like it's taking itself too seriously. There are no surprises, but just a bunch a dull jokes, with no imagination, which would only have been a natural. No spoilers whatsoever, but I still think that it's an exercise in self-indulgence, but that's a big disappointment in a bad movies. A waste of 2 hours and 40 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you have never seen it, watch this film and you'll be amazed by the story. A great and memorable moment is when the guy that played the guy is seen driving his truck into the house, taking the girl hostage, and then leaving the house. A nice and simple way to tell a story without sacrificing the story itself, and to present the family as dysfunctional (unusual) - and this was also one of the worst movies I've ever seen, especially when they are in a coma, in the beginning and at the end of the film. It was really poor movie - but it's just a shame that, unfortunately, the writer's intention is obvious to see, but the rest of the story is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an English, I am not a fan of the movie, but i am a fan.   i am not very big on the whole acting and dialogue, but when it's only for the "entertaining the audience". a very bad movie by anyone, but its "entertainment value" is something that could be measured by anything i have ever watched or been exposed to in the past 7 years. the actors were, and were good and i saw this movie many times in the first half of my life as i got into the movie that i thought was going to be one of my own.  i'm afraid that i would never be able to make this movie again in a very short period of time. a good film and its not the kind of movie that was made in the last 10 years. this movie is a waste of a movie and is one of the many movies made in my life that i will never be ashamed of watching, but only if you are not willing to give me an honest rating on a ***** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie of the film is the only one that I had never heard of. The first one that this film ever made was an absolute disaster. I'm thinking that the previous movies and the one I've never heard that came before this one were both on the same scale.  This one is one of those movies that have nothing to do. A waste of a film. The writing is terrible and the acting is uninspired. The last time I saw this film I went and saw the first film ever by an artist named "The Family Stone" which is so named because it seems like a bunch of teenagers. I know that "The Stone" is one bad movie when I watch it. The movie is not that great. The characters are uninspired, but they are so awful.  There is an original song from one of the actors. They are completely unoriginal and the script has some nice writing, but I can tell you that it could have been so much better than the bad script. I gave this movie a 2 because it really is a waste of time. I'd give it a 1 for its originality, but not because it has so much to do or lacks originality and the movie was completely boring. It's a waste to watch and it's a great disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is "Lunar", and the plot is "Nova". The name "Luna" is not the name of a female character. The characters are stereotyped, but there are a few of minor character traits that make him a little too likeable. The script is bad in a way that could have been expected by an average of a dozen writers. The direction is poor, the story is poor and so is the story.  The film "Lung" is so poorly developed that it becomes a pity to see, but its not a film by any means. But the story seems pretty cheap in the movie, but you have to get past that to understand why.   As much as I'm in the mood for it, I will see it again, but I will not watch the whole film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving this movie 2/10, because that was the only way to get your $1.00.  The only way you can say the "Naughty" part of this film is: (3/10) I'm saying that because I want to.  I want you to say the part in the movie was bad, but the part where I was thinking that it was so bad, and thinking it was just a really bad movie for a couple of hours, when I was watching it and thinking, "How could I say that?".  I wanted to write something negative about a movie: It starts with someone in a bathhouse having a really hot tub, where he puts on a bunch of luscious body paint and starts having sex. The "Natures Revenge" has no nudity, but it shows what the "Natural" part means. It's just like a pornographic movie with nudity in every scene, but there's no nudity. It shows exactly how the movie could have been.  There's no way that I could have made this film at a college in the fall of 1993, but I wanted it to be shown at a public school in 1995.  One thing that this film doesn't do is portray the sexual act in a very demeaning way. The acting was horrible. But the most important part, but in a demeaned way, is to show people getting into sex with each other, because it's a public "party".  It's a movie of two people in a "party" or "hooker room" talking about what they are going to do to each other. I mean, it's not really all that bad. People should be able to do the deed they are supposed to do without getting in a car and driving around a house and running through the woods naked. The sex scenes in the "party room" were all fake. This movie does a lot of things in one fell swoop, and you have no clue who is who or what the deal is, but you don't think they are all that hot.   There was an old guy in the party room in the bath house. I can't believe he was there in real life. But if it had been, it was like "oh my gosh, the guy just started shooting and running around naked with no clothes on", and then it showed what it means. The scenes where people are doing the deed weren't even terrible and the guy is naked
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is thin, but it is thinned thin enough to be painful. So it it the way it is intended to be (in order to be seen). It  As a result, I find myself wanting to see the film again and I think I'm gonna buy it. But I'm afraid it's a waste of time, but only by that I'm a waste. And to be honest, it's just a waste: a real waste!  I only wish I had the money to go to the movies with the plot line and to have the actors pay me. It's a real thing when you're poor and when you can't speak, but for now it's pointless to waste your time on a film that wastes your time and it's only a waste because it's all made up of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But even worse though I found the movie to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen: I am a huge fan of Michael Biehn (Brie Larson), which means I've never seen such a bad film before. But when I am watching a movie for the first time I don't think I've ever seen the worst film I've EVER seen, but only the most boring parts. But the thing I liked about the movie was that he made it all in the name of God.  I can only hope my last movie never gets made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was released as a direct-to-video movie when the original version came out. The original version, with subtitles, and some audio is available here for purchase.  The original "Death Road" has been remade for DVD release in the United States.  Some of the jokes, which were very unfunny, are still in the movie. It starts out in a very unfriendly style and at the beginning there's some funny moments. The script is bad and the acting is good. It has been in the films for years, but they were all made before this.  If you like watching a bunch of people drive through a mountain of snow and then get stuck in a deep hole, this movie should be a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a great movie with a very bad script and some excellent lines by the likes of the likes William H Macy and Steve Carell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You'll be happy to know that this movie is based on a real story line.  The original script was atrocious, but that script can be seen throughout the film and the characters were uniformly the worst of the bunch.  I was very disappointed when I finally realized I was watching a film that is not based on actual events, but rather on "feelings". That is the kind of movie I expected to see this week on a local television station or something else. It seems that some of the characters are in fact so bad, and I am glad that I can see some "feeling" moments.   You are the real reason for this film's existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really not.  The story has a long, drawn-out, "I was watching this on a plane, and it was only half way through without being hit by a bomb.   The movie's dialogs are very poorly done, but it's pretty bad and it's not supposed to be bad because it looks like a bad film.  You won't be disappointed.  If you plan on sitting through this movie, you'll have to plan on waiting and watching until the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to take this with a grain of salt, as i have seen better movies with actors in the same roles, and less actors with roles like this and more people with a life style. I hope it will help people realize how the lives of people in rural areas are different and what the difference is.  I gave this film a 1 in the worst movie I've ever seen: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the absolute worst movie i have ever seen. But, i have seen many movies and there are some other movies out there i like, but these movies are the worst movies i have EVER seen. I just saw it on the movie channel,but i haven't seen it since it's a bad flick i think the producers were trying to make a name for themselves.  What is with that? i think its because they were trying a new gimmick.  I hate it i mean it can't wait,but it still isnt up to the same standard of movies as when the movie started. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the movie wasn't that bad movie. There was a terrible movie that ended with a monster that can only kill his victims with a bolt of lightning. There is no monster that looks remotely frightening. It looks like it has nothing better to do with his life. The main thing I can say is that it is completely not scary, but it is incredibly stupid. But then again, this movie was bad. It has a plot. It is incredibly amateur to the movie world. I give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the first movie and I was extremely disappointed that this movie was not as bad and was at times when he could get in a real job. I can think of only one problem in the movie and that was when the lead actor started running around and accidentally causing problems with someone else's car. If that happens he accidentally kills someone.  I couldn't figure out who exactly was in charge and who was the one telling him to do this. The only person who could have been killed was the guy who made him. In reality this is the main problem when you're watching it because there were times where he was just acting he could have stopped the car. He knew the risks because he had to kill someone and then he knew the consequences of his decision because he knew how he could end up in jail. His decision is made more interesting when he tells himself, "I'm not going to do that, because that's what I know what i'm doing"  The problem is, who exactly could have told him to kill people, but the main reason he could stop the car and then get himself killed would have been because his decision was the right decision? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie, the book and the play book have no plot. The script lacks a plot, but the movie is a very predictable joke about a couple of kids that take the family dog on a trip to New York. The book has many mistakes that could have been corrected with more thought.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It's a shame to see this movie so bad. If you want to see the worst movie in the world try and rent this.  The only reason I have to rent this is because it has been edited by a couple of film makers who understand what's going on. I have no idea what the plot is, but this movie has one of those movies you'll hate. If anything the movie is a huge waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has very little relevance to me personally. It's not worth a crap dime to see the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't stop laughing... it's a very long film and it's not funny. I have watched movies of this kind several times in my life, but never laughed.  It    I have seen many bad and stupid movies about this movie, but this was probably the worst one I have ever seen in my entire life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (1:10) I've never seen "The Godfather", but that just shows me how utterly idiotic it: the Godfather is the only decent actor in the entire movie. I am only surprised that his presence is not so annoying.  (2:25) This movie is one of the worst films ever made. It is absolutely awful. If you are under 10 and can only see one movie in your life you will cry and beg. This movie deserves the worst and the absolute worst.  The worst is yet to come, however you do not get it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is dull (i.e. very predictable). The script is slow (i mean predictable). All of these three (and this list) are based off the original screenplay, and the original writer (who knows how to make a movie) is credited. I mean, there are some movies-makers out there who just made it into a big box, but the original story is not in the original movie. I'm thinking about making the movie-maker decide not to release the movie again, and making people understand the original premise and message is one of the things that makes this movie so bad.  This movie-makers should be banned from making movies after making a movie that was just OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was extremely weak and it was too obvious that someone with a camera had a lot of money, but in many cases you couldn't believe this and had to put up with the plot, which is where the money came from. You were supposed to believe in this movie so that it didn't turn out to be one of those movies about a struggling film. You had to believe that the people who wrote and directed this were talented writers and artists who had a great deal of talent. This was not a bad film nor not a good movie. However, it was still a bad, boring film. It seems that the filmmakers have been trying to hide that fact that this movie had a good premise (the plot is so-so), but this movie was much worse than most of the movies I've ever seen in my life. However it was also disappointing and the actors were pretty bad, but not in a way I've never seen before. What about the original film? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (yes, this is the only film I have ever seen on a bad night.)   This film is not as bad, by any means, but it still is a very bad, terrible film about racism in the United States. It's a horrible piece of crap that kind of crap, and the only problem with this film, is that it is a poor man making a documentary about a bunch of people he knows personally and they are all black, but the other person who he knows is white. There is a racial theme in this film that makes me not want to see this again (and I don't want to) and so on and so forth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an avid watcher, I was very skeptical about what other films about the Russian space race have to say to me.   What I saw, even as a critic, I thought it was only me that this film was made for.  And to some extent, this was not a Russian film, but a movie for all of us.  If you're looking for an entertaining and entertaining space race movie, watch this.  I thought this was just a "space race movie." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am sorry for the movies that has the worst movie ever made. This is an average of 3 movies in a 3 movie. The average of movies is 1.5.  This movie is one of the worst movies i have ever seen.  If you want to watch a movie that has 2 people with the worst problem i have to give you 10 minutes instead of 1, but then that would be a waste of time and money.  The problem i had with the movie was to the original idea of the film when you were a teenager in the 80s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this was made by a bunch of guys who think it was funny. So when I went to see this film I just assumed that it was the sequel to the original. That's a film I saw on TV last night. But I can easily imagine that the filmmakers were taking a page out of "The Incredibly Short" by Michael Williams, and directing it as if the film was simply a comedy short. But then it's not funny. But the main problem I had with this film was that the film-makers tried to make it more like "The Three Amigos". The story lines seemed to work so much better when the film is set in a school or university setting, and the plot is so flat, boring, and boring as I watched the film my stomach started to hurt. I can hardly believe this film is one of those "Dinosaur-Facts"-type films. I went into it thinking that it had been made in the United States, and so, you can tell I was very impressed with "The Incredible" and "The Beautiful", but not so impressed by "The Good", as the title would suggest. But "The Wonderful" and the "Starry" have no sense whatsoever. And if you want to see something not-funny, you could argue that it could've been made better. But if you see this movie and think it is a "B" film, you'd be better off seeing "The Biggest Loser" and even "Buckaroo Bonzai: Legend of The Lost World". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, the makers of "American Pie" (a musical spoof based on a children's movie, not a musical version) produced this very short movie about a father who loves his daughter, whom he believes is pregnant. But it still a "worst" one. It has no real purpose to be written in. But, it's awful. It's an embarrassment.  But this, sadly, is the only way I have seen it. It hurts me too much. I'm gonna go to the hospital to get checked for a lumbago.  This is one of those movies that only makes me think of vomiting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But what was I thinking? I had to agree with the other reviewers who praised it as a "movie of the millennium". That's the problem here. However, this film isn't exactly a "film of the millenium". But, if you do decide to see this one, please do yourself a favour and don't waste your time.  The plot is so very predictable, but there is a problem: It's not a problem. It's the filmmakers who try to make something original and original. They're trying to build up an image of a "perfectly crafted" movie (as there is in "Pulp Fiction") that is neither too dull or predictable to work in the same way as in "Contrary".  I have no idea how to make a movie like this without the benefit of all the tools (if any). I just want my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so bad and so on and so predictable. The only good thing I found was that the director never went as low as the film went out of film and into DVD. But they should have. The real problem in this film is that it is too long. It is almost one long movie. The characters' names are really boring, but they are the characters of two different films in one. This movie is way too long and boring and so the characters in this movie go around in a circle talking. The actors are also too old and they are just bad.  Unfortunately, it doesn't work because it is made up of bad actors who don't act in a normal film, but because the plot is so badly written that it comes off as a joke. This is just a joke to make up for it. It isn't supposed to be a movie.   I gave this movie 3/10 in the worst film ever for two reasons: the plot and the acting. The writing isn't even a joke at all.  The script for this film doesn't have a point. It doesn't need much imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not at all. There is also a lot of really really bad plot that isn't possible.  This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of watching. It It's just not as the worst movie I had to deal with as a whole movie. In fact, it's just a bunch of average movie...that means you'll be entertained throughout.  It's sad, because I don't think I could have done better. And if you're a fan of "The Goonies" and "Beverly Hills Cop," you can see this for yourself. But if you don't know what to look for...like me...like I said earlier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really skeptical about the film. But after watching it just became so unbelievably bad.  That's my biggest complaint about this film. The acting is horrible, the plot is horrible and is the worst it has ever been in, the production values are terrible, you guessed it, are awful. It's an absolute disappointment, but at times the film is a poor reflection of a terrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when I was 8. I didn't know that it had this effect on people. That would have been a good movie I would have loved. But when I thought I knew all there was is, it had the effects on the person. I would like to have them remove it.    The only thing I found was it really annoying. A very predictable plot in a movie about someone who is having hallucinations and then trying to act like a normal person.  The problem I had was I never understood what the hell was going on with that. But I didn`t understand what the "I am having" was. But it was only a small problem I saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a plot which is more like an Indian movie than a horror flick.  This movie is a joke of sorts, and it is only funny and a waste of time. I can only hope this movie will ever get a chance to be released. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is a predictable line in cinema: it was predictable but not particularly interesting. But it fails. So the problem with the story line doesn't really matter, but in a story line it fails, but fails to achieve the desired level of failure.  The movie fails to capture the essence of the movie - it fails in that it fails to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main plot of the movie consists of a man, who is being pursued by a mysterious woman. The woman tells him that she has a son, and he tells her that he knows her daughter, and they have to come to an agreement. The deal has to be the least of it! The movie is extremely bad, and the actors are terrible.  If you've ever seen this movie, then I don't recommend this at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think they are just trying to be funny and entertaining and this movie is a joke, but the jokes aren't funny. But when you see this movie, it just sounds like the worst of jokes. The story is not funny. The script is not boring, but you end up laughing when you watch this movie.   I laughed for the most part, but then I didn't laugh. I laughed when I saw that the actors were trying to act like the actors in 'Full House'. But when they made 'Full house', I was very disappointed, but I didn and did not laugh at the worst.  The movie ends when a couple of characters get hit by a car while driving, but that wasn't my first laugh of the day. Then, I think I laughed myself sick and began to think I was in kindergarten. The joke I thought the movie was so funny, but when I said it was so lame and boring that it was going to be my first real laugh, I didn.  That's all I've got. I wish I knew a lot more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you think that it will ever be better made in my lifetime, or you are really open minded and will be willing to take a chance that I am so open minded that I'll change my mind, then you will see why I started this thread. The ending I was so upset over was so unbelievable and sad as to make me sick (yes I said that there's a difference between the endings of The Goonies and The Lion King) It's sad that there are so many people out there that don't think it was a masterpiece, but rather a waste of time. The end where they meet is so lame. I would give this one two points (because of it's length) because the ending is so terrible and the ending where they go home is just a waste.  The ending was a waste, but it's sad to see it.   It's a waste that the ending was so predictable and bad, but you cant expect a whole lot of plot either way. It's just not. But then they go back to being a waste and a waste again. I was watching this movie because I've been watching this film and I was just going to say to myself and to anyone that I was going to start watching this until this ends. The Lion Kings didn't make the ending a waste in his film, but I expected it to be so obviously terrible, because there are tons of pointless sequels.  All this and more makes me sick. The idea of people saying that they were disappointed because it wasn't "good" because it was so obvious in my eyes that I couldn't follow, but because it came on late at night, I had to fast forward to fast forwards the whole movie and it seemed like that was going on and on, but that isnt what bothers me.  I am not going to go on a tangent on the ending, but if you want a waste review of it, you may as well. If you want to be entertained and you are willing to spend your money, you should see this movie if you are on your computer.  It is just one of many wastes of time that have been given to this movie. It was a pity. This movie was a horrible waste. There is also the waste of money. It may not be a waste for any movie. The director should be embarrassed to have people start a waste campaign about this movie, but the actors and the sets and the locations were a waste or not. Its just
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So when the credits rolled in, it would be a waste of time to put a lot of effort into this rip-off of this disaster. This has been the worst movie of the last decade and the worst part of the movie was the one when the monster, in the name of God, decided to go ahead and kill the people.  It's a shame that this movie never got the award it deserved from the National Film Preservation Foundation.  But in my opinion it should have.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can easily remember seeing this movie when I was a kid. But to me this is a piece of crap. It's a piece to be hated.  The script, the acting, the sets, the special effects, the costumes and the sound.  It's probably just me being a kid in "My First Movie".    This movie sucks. The only thing that I can even call a "good movie" is the casting of Paul Rudd, in "The Notebook".  The film is so bad that you want to call for the bus. But I think that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two leads are very young (specially in this movie!) and then they make a promise of not marrying each other (which is what made the movie so awful)  I can easily overlook that this movie is about youth, sex, and marriage. If you are going to make the movie about any young adult (that is not a girl), you should use the script about them. But that means that there are going be young adults that get married and then live happily together.   I cannot understand why these people do not want to find any other young adult. Because, what is the purpose of finding any other kind of young adult to get married?   This movie could have been a disaster and if you are expecting any kind of disaster. I was expecting a movie that focuses on the youth marriage crisis (the same thing that made "Brave New Girl" so annoying) but I did not really expect a movie about a child getting into the world of marriage for the first time, but rather an ordinary movie about kids who find out that there is a reason to get into the marriage business and find someone to marry. There is a lot of promise and excitement. This movie is a huge disappointment when it comes to the marriage scene between the father and son. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film I watched a few years ago, i could not believe that it was a film about an astronaut's life.  The acting is terrible and the acting is very poor and the film is like a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to go to the store and I saw this film in my local cinema. It is a really big disappointment.  The acting was OK, but not by a director.  There was no story, but the film was shot to look like the kind of movie that I expected from the director. The cinematography was OK (I would have really preferred to see this film with better camera work or better actors). This could have been a disaster for a poorly written film.   The only other problem is the script - "Cannonball Run" is a disaster, but that is a film where the main story and the characters are developed.  But "Cannons" is about a disaster - this could have easily been a bomb. The plot is not bad, but there is enough in it to ruin it for me. I'm guessing it's a movie about a person who becomes a pacifist because he thinks they'll win - a typical "Worst Film" in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (SPOILER ALERT: the title is spelled "B", but the rest are spelled "N")  It's not the bad movie, but the acting is the worst problem here.   The film is like a "B" film, but it's the script and the characters all suck. I didn't give a 2 or a 1.  All in all, the film was a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a problem with some people who insist on calling this movie a "documentary." In other words it is a "film" in the same sense it was before. But the documentary is in the "documentaries" sense, it has no real substance.  This film is completely lost on IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes is a lot better than the next half, but it's a bad sign of bad movie - the same movie is only two hours longer than "The Best of Me" - and "The Color Purple" is a couple hours longer.  The Color Purple was a fairly decent movie with a couple of actors from the first two movies "The Prodigy". The Color Prince was basically a good, but "The Colour Purple" only makes this movie a terrible movie to avoid if you're a fan of bad movies - it was a rather boring and dull movie.  It's a shame that I haven't seen it yet and that I saw "The Wonder Years" twice this year. The only movie I really liked was "The Grudge".  The Grudge movie is the best one I've ever seen in my life and the only movie that comes close is "Troll 2". It's not even that good, and it's just one of those movies I'm not going to see again.  This movie is absolutely terrible or boring if you want to see what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After reading the book, the only movie that I saw in a theater was the one starring the only main character (Wesley Wark, the older man), but there was still one in the book that I never saw, but had to read it once, but the movie was shot in a very amateurish manner, but it's very amateur at times. However, I think that it's not amateur, and it has very few actors (Wark in his best acting I've seen), but that has to do with the time it takes.  But it's really amateur and amateur. It's so amateur. The acting is amateurish and they all look like they just don't care. If you get a chance to see this movie, don't.  I hope that I'm wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really think that this movie was the worst movie ever. If you had to watch it and your dog died. The director has said that he thought this movie showed the absolute worst effects of cancer.  I don't understand why they call it 'The Movie Of The Week'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is so poor, the plot is so bad, the story is so contrived, the dialogs and the plot are so predictable, but they all fail. The story isn't all that bad.   I was going to comment on that in the comment section, but I didn't feel very close to the characters, but it's not a good movie. I'd give this a 1 for it's poor acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My only real criticism of this movie is its unforced, forced sex.  The film had me in my chair, and I was crying, but the movie also had me on the toilet and I cried more when I saw it. I was just trying so desperately to get up the entire time, and it was so incredibly, incredibly awful. I would have to put the door open, and see a little girl on the other side who had no control of her bowels. The only thing that was missing was the actual acting. I thought I was going to waste my time trying to make the best of the film, but it was just terrible. It really is not funny. It's just terribly stupid, terribly boring. It wasn't funny.  But the only reason I ever felt bored in this movie was because of sex and nudity. This movie has none of that. The acting, writing, directing are beyond awful, so if you're going to be expecting anything to happen, you should leave the theater for a while and spend an hour cleaning up the makeup before sitting down in a seat.  I mean, what a waste. I really don't understand how people can feel sorry for this movie because of the nudity. And yet, there are so many situations where you think you're in the least comfortable theater and that's about a man on a bike. I mean what the hell was I thinking? I'm sure the other actors in this film would have been bored to tears by it. There just isn't much to write here, but you have to be there. There is a guy who just has to have sex with a girl, and that is the only scene I will ever see. The scenes were so bad. A bunch of guys on horses riding through a field with naked women was so bad, and the girl just needs a horse.  If you're looking for something to do on your hands and knees, this is the movie to see. This is the film I would rather waste my life of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of "Astro Boy" when he first came out in 1983, but it was really the worst episode of the series.  A lot of the previous episodes were quite "unrealistic" and the characters were a lot different. I was hoping to watch "A.S.S." and "The Avengers," but this is just "the worst of the worst" movies ever. It should have been the worst film I have ever ever seen. It was not even an "unrediculous" or "overwhelmingly bad movie," but it wasn't one of the biggest mistakes that I've ever seen or will ever see in my life, so I highly doubt this is a waste of time. But, that is exactly the problem. What are you supposed to do when you are in a coma with no memory of the world? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie that I remember the most is this one. And, while it was only in the first 15 minutes I didn't even know I was watching it. There.    It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect, the director's explanation for this failure was pretty feeble, and one wonders if there is any hope that the production will ever recover, but if this is the only film I've ever seen that is truly not made entirely of my life?   I was very impressed by the first few scenes (such as the one where the man comes across a dead guy who has just been decapitated). It just wasn't.  But that's it.  The only way this film succeeds is if the cast (or the story) changes, but it was a failure as we all knew it would be, but instead of that failure it failed miserably. It just doesn't get the credit it deserves, but this failed miserly by most of its own means.  Avoid at all costs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three parts of this film were all about a young boy named Alex.  The story focuses on how Alex was bullied, and on how he decides to be a real boy. However, this doesn't explain how Alex got there. I'd be very surprised, and I'm really looking forward to seeing the film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After a movie like "Patton", which was only about war, is so very dull. After a video like "Dogme 95", which is basically about killing all dogs, is only about killing one or more animals. In this video, one is just killed. But the killing doesn't happen in this particular case. It's like when you are watching a killing or when you're watching a car wreck. You feel like you are witnessing something that was actually happening. But this is about the killing itself. So it's basically the worst killing ever. You can't call yourself a real animal killer, but that's all. But it isn't like "Criminally Insane". It's so really stupid. And when you say "I'm not one" to the guy with the gun, he will be like "Well, I'm not, it was".  What I said before was wrong. He has no sense, but what I said later isn't wrong. It just sucks.  "Dogmurdered" is not one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is a very boring movie. The "Dog Meets Man" movie is about a group of three young kids who kidnap animals, but they don't get the chance to do it again. It also sucks. But "Dog meets Man 2" is so boring I've stopped watching it. I'd give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was filmed by Ed Harris in 1948, but when it came time for production, Harris refused to film in color again. The production values were low to low, but the dialog is bad and it is bad for this kind of film. They use a lot of hand-held cameras and there is a lot more of that camera-work to go around. They even start using a lot better camera work than we are used to see.  What exactly happened when the story was told, and what exactly did the actors do for the first half of the movie?  I watched this film when it was released in 1956 and it turned out that the writing was terrible and the film was horrible and it was a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew that this movie could be the best of the best movies ever. But I was expecting it. The only reason I gave it a 2.5 or 3.5 (depending on what they call it)   That is the only reason it gets rated. The movie is a total waste of. So if you are looking for something different or something that you haven't seen before, this movie might be a good choice.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea is this. I found this film a bit too offensive. But this film shows a failure, but not a failure.   The acting is terrible. The acting stinks.  This film is not for your consumption. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a disappointment. If the film is to be honest about a "perfect movie," I've to be really honest with myself: it's a disappointment that I'll be watching this film in my 40's -I love that film for that much too.  A "perfect film" -but not to the same extent as to those movies: but the film's director wants to be a filmmaker who can't produce any film without a crew of 15-20 people and without some sort of budget at his disposal. But even though he had 15 people in his studio, he decided to hire the crew of the film "Sholah," which is about 15-year-old girl, but I wouldn't do that. It's a pity his film was made in the same year he did his best and is a pity he could produce a film without having a crew, but only the budget and a crew. It was an insult to him to hire more people instead of 15.   I don't know why the production values weren't the same in "Sholia" and "Shelley." It's too sad!  And the only "thing" I can really call a disappointment of "Skelley" was the film which cost $500 to make, but it's still an insult, but one without my heart in it.  I can't say that I agree with him.  All I know is that I am sad and sad that he was given such a low budget and could spend the money he earned to fund his film. The production values are only the least of his flaws and the "film" is nothing more than his own "failure" because he was already broke and his film failed.  So, I thought, when he says "I can't make any film because I'm broke" he meant "I'm broke." It didn't even a matter of when he decided it was his film to make. And I'm really disappointed I can only say, what the hell was he thinking.  It was his failure, but he only had enough money to buy the film himself. But when you're in film-making you don't get to make any money -if you fail -but you do get to live. If you want to get rich I say, then make "Solo" and get your money -and then try, but then get "Sole."  But at the end "Sleley" did what he
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not that bad. It's just a horrible movie, but with all its cheap, low budget special effects and bad CG, it has no plot, but this is a typical "Dinosaur Rex" movie, so it is not the worst dinosaur movie that was really awful and I could say the same for "The Beast From The Sea". The only time I am left with "The Rex" at the end (I think) is when the dinosaur starts to eat him or the humans start to get eaten. The human characters were so completely uninteresting. The animal characters were way too long and uninteresting too.  It is a total waste of time and money, but I know nothing about dinosaurs, and this movie was not the best dinosaur film ever made. I watched this movie with friends and other people when it was first released, and I also saw it with my dad as he drove me crazy, but my opinion of it is very low in comparison to other people, but it was not particularly disappointing either. "The Human Rex" was a horrible dinosaur movie for all ages.  The plot is really dull. But you don't get the impression of dinosaurs as animals that you get from the "The Incredible Journey". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is completely unbelievable and the actors are amazingly underplayed as they become famous for their roles. The script is very poorly written, which is quite funny, but this is a "worst" movie.  I did not like the music. I did NOT like the characters, but only hated the actors for making bad movies. It is hard to tell which actors were actors and which actors are actors.  The cinematography was OK, but the cinematography for this was amateur and the sets were wooden and wooden-looking. The acting was awful, the script was wooden and the writing was stupid.  There are several good bad actors as well as the bad script and bad script. Unfortunately, the characters are not underused and the cinematographers are underused. This movie had the potential of being a "must-see" in the worst way. It was bad to the point of being terrible, but it failed miserably, but failed miserablily. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not as a joke that the writers are funny. And if the writers don't take themselves so seriously in this, that's really the only thing this movie was trying to sell. There are a couple of funny jokes.  It is about how the movie-making was a joke in itself. But it's just not funny. It's just a joke. And you don't have to like it. You can hate it.  And if you do hate it, don't. But when you're going to hate it? Hate it, hate it!!!!   And on a personal level, hate me. Hate me and hate me, hate my guts. Hate the movies. Hate my guts and hate my whole life, hate myself for loving this movie. Hate myself and hate myself, hate all of this.    This movie is the kind of thing that doesn't take itself seriously.  But the only reason you hate me is because of this movie and the movie's writers. But there's a big problem with that... and I hate it more.  So this movie could have been better than the rest of this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very interested in the movie "The Naked Kiss" that just came out on video. I gave this a 0 because I thought "The Kiss" movie was so bad and I thought the movie was too dull. "The Skin I Live In"  I don't know how many times I have seen this movie I have ever laughed at it, I am not even sure I have laughed out loud enough to be heard over the PA system. The nudity is really nothing special. It is really not the biggest problem with the movie.  The characters in this film are bad, but what they say doesn't make it any worse. It's just plain dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, "The Naked Kiss" is one of the worst films I have ever seen, but it is an absolute disgrace. When a girl falls for a guy, a bunch of other guys start killing her boyfriend, while her mom kills a guy while she watches. But she is killed too, but she is dying before her husband and son. And the guys who kill her boyfriend are killed in a totally uncountable fashion.  The film, but unfortunately "The Kiss" was shot on film rather than with video cameras, but I can think of several other films I'd like to try. But the film just isn't that great either, but when they are all the same film in different locations, and it is not as terrible bad or not entertaining, but the film itself is terrible, but doesn't get any of the money it could if it was. And I'm a big fan of the film anyway. So what the hell happened? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've written some good reviews about bad movie. I was very impressed with the actors and the story line. I also find the storyline to be a bit stale, which helps when you're reading the story. But the biggest problem I have with the story is the fact that they're only going to live. But what about the fact they're going to die? The thing they die because of is so weak, you almost get the idea. You have two young brothers who go to live with their widowed mother and find out their parents were killed because they tried to escape. The father and brother are then killed by some strange force. The brother then finds that the ghost of his dead mother will haunt the room of the brothers he's locked in a room with and the sister finds that her brother will live. She then becomes convinced that the ghosts are real and will stop bothering him unless she can bring her brother back to life.  There is an incident when the sister discovers the ghost and discovers she can use her powers to go back in time and stop the brothers from going into a cave to find their mother. She says she's going to use her power to stop time before they reach this cave and save him. But you see where I'm going with this idea, you can't. But I'm sure you can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in the series, with no names attached to it, and in some cases some of the characters look like they had been around for a long time. They were pretty boring and very clichéd. The plot is the same as in the original film. The characters look pretty bad. It's all very cliche and clichéd, but the film is basically just boring, in the most basic way possible, and they are all completely uninteresting. The film has a bunch of very bad acting. I mean, why waste your time on the "b", but if it was in a movie, don't you think the characters were written to be the average people... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very short review about the film: "Mystery Men" is such a joke, but it's not funny or funny and it is an extremely poor movie with no chemistry or atmosphere.  In The Black Cat the lead actor is a young girl with no memory who thinks she's in a mental institution.  The lead singer of the Black Cat is a psychotic and insane killer who kills people who are close to her. She murders people and kills them. He kills people and he kills himself. He's just a psychotic killer and he murders people. He thinks he's insane and wants to kill himself and people who have ever known him, so he kills them and kills himself as well. He also kills the person who knows him, the psychiatrist who knows about him, and the woman who knows her. That's a bit like a movie.  This film is a low budget version of "The Dead Girl" and "My Dead Girlfriend" (though they are vastly different movies than "The Black Cat") in that it has no plot and no real characters. They are the only two films in my opinion that I've ever heard of.  I give this one a 2 out of 10 (although I really don't care one bit). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can remember the terrible time I saw this movie and was just going to write the review about it.  I found it so I could write it negative review. In the end of the movie it says something along the lines of: It was one of those movies whose plots are just plain boring and repetitive. That means that it is boring to watch because it is so very boring, but it can be a little boring to me.  The movie is so bad that it makes my blood boil. This is so boring that you will be begging for hours before getting back to the point. I am not the biggest fan of this movie. I think the writer and director should really focus on making a comedy comedy that is original.  In conclusion: You will laugh so much you will puke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this: what a joke is.    But if I had the patience to watch a movie before it starts talking about how the director decided to take the movie on a bus...it starts, "I am a little disappointed. i had no idea how many times he had made movies like this." But then there are no more films this is not a film that was meant to be watched in 10 years. it was supposed to be, in a way, the movie it would have been.  The other comment i saw said that, like the original, the main character is a white guy, but the actors were black. but the director didn't go to the length of making the white guy a white man. if he had put more effort into that effort, this would have won an award for worst movie I have ever seen and it didn't have the same kind of film that the original had. the only thing the original lacked was a movie that had some depth or something. i really wish i had a camera and had more patience to sit through the entire movie.  This is only a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The cast is absolutely terrible. All I've seen and heard from this movie is so utterly unbelievable. The actors are all of them terrible and only a couple of them look the part, but those are the worst actors in the world, but the film is actually awful and quite possibly the worst ever made. The original movie, "My Left Foot", is almost a film on par with "My Heart". I'd strongly advise all of you to avoid this movie and any film that contains a plot which is in a league which only the worst filmmakers should be compared to.  I will give this movie one of three thumbs down, but you won't enjoy it in the same light it was intended to be. The script is completely incomprehensible and uninspiring and a total waste of time. The characters are the "worst" of them all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   You will love this movie. And, you will hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this film was to be seen by anyone, they must have looked through a microscope at a piece of white plastic that fell out from under a window with a broken stick on it. But what could possibly be said about it was.  The problem with this picture is the terrible sound. It was horribly disturbing and could cause seizures. But I couldn't help but to despise this film because of its failure to make sense.  I was wrong. This film is an insult to itself and to anyone that paid the slightest attention to the script, acting, costumes, and sets. It could have been written as a poorly written movie that I would have thought was bad. But if the writer had done the slightest amount of research, he would have known that this is a movie that should not have been made. It is not a film I would recommend to anyone for a good laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the only way to get in to see this movie is with a lot of friends. This film is a poor mans version of the "Worst Film of All Time". I thought "Worser", in the context of the actual film, meant to describe a "Worse Film". The actors are so bad, you end up spitting all over them with your teeth! (I have no idea how people should react to this film). The only thing I can say to you about the actors is, "the actors are the only thing that are terrible" or "really really bad or really really really bad - WORSE or WORST!!!" The script is awful and has no plot, but "WORSE" would be the only reason this movie would deserve a rating as a "Hate Film" because it is a "Giant BITCH", because, what are the actors, but some sort of "Goddamn" or some sort a "MANDING BITCH". The plot is also so awful. You can guess where they came from, but I hope they don't ever go "WOW! So - what, is this supposed to be a joke?". I was expecting a bunch of teenagers, but instead, it's just the worst of the worst in my opinion. I don't know why people would want this to be one of the 10 worst movies ever, but it sure isn't one, but in all honesty, I'm shocked that they even allowed this to become a "Movie" - in my humble opinion, it is one of those movies. It's like the director said it, the characters have no real character or any real meaning or anything. It seems like it has no meaning and doesn't have any potential, but just because you want to believe that it was a joke, a joke is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is very amateur!  The acting, though amateurish at times, is awful, but I'm pretty sure you can come up with a name for the kind of actors in a movie. The script is stupid bad, but nothing compared to the script, but the script does not really work, but it does have one of those things in every movie you will ever see about a bunch of teenagers who have no reason to act the way teenagers do (because they are not really teenagers). The idea is one of a dozen that made this movie a joke.   It really is not one of the hundreds of bad movies the director wrote before he made this. It's a joke that should not have been made (but it is not an original movie, but that is not the point.  This movie is not really one of these stupid films, but you are going to have a bunch more laughs if you have to waste your money on this movie.  The plot is pathetic - this movie is very, very amateur, but then again, it IS NOT really one. The characters are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The acting in this is truly dreadful, but this movie fails because the filmmakers are not able to make a buck off it, and there is a lot of wasted time.  All this b**s.  I can't f**k about this b*s in this, because the acting is so poor in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What happens when I try to stop the movie after it's about to be released. But this movie was about as much as the film is, it was about a bunch of people getting caught in the trap of a bunch more evil than the one they were in.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors, locations and a very obvious plot are very similar to "Troll" - "The Order of the Scorpion" was founded by a man named "O'Neal". In short: the movie was terrible.  The first scene of the movie is at a hotel, but the story is set at the old university where the professor had worked before "Titanic" sunk. There are so many contradictions and mistakes and I was surprised to see how this was different from other movies I've seen. "The Scorpion's Kiss" is one of my most despised guilty pleasures, but this movie also contains a joke that only I could understand (but I won't tell you what I think was its funnier) - it is not about the truth at all.  I couldn't understand the joke if I had to, but I certainly didn't appreciate it at all for the joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been interested in Japanese films, but I'd been told it would never be the best Japanese film I've ever seen. This film was made at the same time as "Ichi The Killer" and I had a very high expectation for it to come out in the following months.  This film is very possibly the worst film I have ever seen in my life, but its terrible and unjustifiable as to why this film should be banned or why my brain should be cut out.  But all in all, don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What did I miss this? I can only guess what the other reviewers missed (if at all) because they missed this movie too (and we all know that I'm a big fan of horror movies and I'm not sure the movie was good, but at least one person out of 10 has to think). The thing I missed was the soundtrack! But at the same time, it took a little too long. The actors were the biggest disappointment I had on this movie. And the characters were bad, but they were terrible. In horror movies, the characters act in terrible ways and in a way that makes people think they are in a house with a locked door and a bunch of ghosts. I thought the story was boring in any way. I liked the "plot" of the movie and the "gore" I thought was a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are awful and they are all of them horrible.    The story is awful, but only the dialogue and set pieces are that interesting. I had to rewind my TV to find the last episode of this movie. I did not like it.  I had hoped that the writing and acting were as bad. I like the plot, but not.  But the characters are all so annoying and the sets are so god-awful. But I am tired of reading the dialogue aloud so that everyone knows what we are saying, but then I just like having a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're into watching movies: this movie is one of the worst of the movie I've ever seen.  However, it only gets the worst I've seen. The acting is horrendous. A few times they're forced to act the way they did in "The Naked Gun". A few of these actors just make no sense whatsoever.  My Grade: 1 (out of 10) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a young woman, who wants to go out with a guy. She runs into an old woman, from whom she wants to get an inheritance. The old woman refuses to grant her that inheritance, but when the old woman agrees, the new wife promptly agrees to go ahead, since the old lady's decision is based on one's age. The new wife and the old wife are married, but the old widow is only happy when she's with the new husband and the new widow's only happy to have a new husband.  The characters are all bad, but they aren't exactly the worst.  They're at least more like an episode of the first season of the original sitcom. They all are drawn in what I believe is an awful manner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this guy is in a coma says to him: "They have the most ridiculous, it seems to say, and it is said he is not. He was in a comatose coma and the only words he can utter are the ones he says. But he says he can say any word he wants, and that is a fact. If anyone believes this, they will be disappointed because they will lose something important. In other words, the writer is a fool to his audience, and they will understand that the writer, himself, does not want the audience to understand anything. The audience will be forced to believe he wants them to be fooled because he is a clever enough person to think he is clever, and this would have been a wonderful way to do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is really terrible when it comes to anything but the acting. A couple of the actors were especially awful, but this movie was a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is boring. The story is predictable, the music is predictable.  It. The movie starts out with the typical musical "endings" which follow the conventional ending sequence (the music starts playing at exactly the point where the first ending is heard, the dialogue becomes static, and the characters, when they are first introduced, have "Endings" of their own). The main characters have no character development. In fact, they are forced to develop character-interests which are unrelated to what we would expect from them in real life. If you are going to see this film, you will not be getting any story (though you will be getting a bunch of clichés and some cliché lines).  If you want a very brief summary of a bad film, I'll go with this: "The music starts off badly because the actors are terrible and the script is bad and I cannot even believe people actually gave this movie one. There is no plot. I'm sorry.  But the characters are stupid, they have real motivations.  I give this movie 4/10 instead of a 1.3 if you are expecting a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is pretty funny. A lot of people say this film was "boring" and this movie isn't the only movie that will bore you to tears, but it is not, in my opinion.  All in all, there are some interesting, original characters. The characters are at a lower level, but the characters are also wooden characters, but they all play characters that have more substance than the lead, but characters that are more like the protagonist than they are the main character, and characters that don't play any character at all. It isn't like 'The Godfather' or 'The Incredible Mr. Limpet', but instead the characters don't behave like characters, and instead characters like the lead and main character. But they all don't act like they were written by a story writer, they just act like people. It is a shame to have so many people who are like them behave that way.  The actors work a lot, but not enough. The movie itself isn't really that good.  I wouldn't have to recommend this movie, but you will still hate me and say I am a fan of the Godfather 2 series and a fan for 'The Amazing Race', which is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that is not "broken" is this very poorly made piece of crap - not because it's so poorly done and we should have to take that much into consideration. The rest of the cast of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" gets to be the same or worse, but because, well, they're the biggest force on the planet. They're not the main actors of the movie. The animation of the characters look like they're still playing.  If you don't like that you might enjoy "Transformers: The Movie". This really is a waste of money and a waste that would have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is completely uninteresting in this one. The script is terrible, and the dialog is not.  What is the plot of this movie? I can't say, because it was interesting.  The characters are terrible, but we are not made to care. The plot seems to be just one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but it doesn't reach the level of bad. The movie doesn't do that, it only fails by not delivering anything worth the time. It fails by failing to be a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was the worst film I have ever seen. I can only say that this is the worst disaster movie ever, but that was when the first disaster occurred. The movie starts at the same time as before, but only 1 hour is given, but the same 1 hour, which is the 1st hour of the movie, is shown.  The only disaster is the movie itself. The rest of the disaster is a disaster. The script is badly written, the actors are also badly written. The only thing this film has going for it is its script. The acting is completely amateur at best.  But it is not the worst, it is the most bad disaster I have seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No kidding. This movie is a big load of garbage. It's like a movie about a whole bunch of people who are all in the wrong house. There is no action in this.  So, if you're going to see this film and you want to feel like you've been there before and you have not been there to? No.  I was not expecting "Shakti" (which I liked).   The movie goes off script like so many other "Hollywood" movies have gone off script. The actors are the worst of the worst. But it's still boring and very predictable and it has a stupid plot. But they did something about making a better movie with a better script than "Criminally Insane". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a big fan of B movies: B Movie is, however, the standard B film that I would refer to as B film. The acting was poor. Itself is boring and boring and I'm glad that I was paying attention to it in the first place, but I'm starting to realize that there are some actors that really do need to learn to act! They might not be able to do this or they just need to act like people that actually do act like this (and if they can act like someone who actually behaves like this and in fact act like them instead), but if they act like a B film they don't really have to act right, but they should learn to think and act like one that actually behaves a B Film. B film is, in fact, a B Films! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of this movie, you will feel violated. A lot of it could have been done and some bad actors could have shown. The story and dialog are typical Disney fare and that is why the movie isn't good. They were mostly good actors. It could have really made it to be a cult film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are an American (and a Canadian, but he is not American and is not Canadian) you will love this movie because you just hate the movie and it made you laugh. The only problem you might have with it is that the actors were very underused, but I can think of many different reasons why this movie failed.  The story was pretty bad as was the comedy.  A lot of the time the joke seemed to be very poor and poor. It was so very poor. The plot was weak and the jokes were pathetic. The idea was poor and the idea was bad, but it's a shame the idea were so weak and poor and not so stupid.  I can also think of three other reasons why people hate this movie. If you were a fan of bad movies it would be a lot of time spent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is its length, which could have been an indication of its depth. It's really, as it were, a joke. This was a joke joke.  The acting was really bad, but the script was way the hell down on.  But this joke is not even funny, but in its worst form, it's just an insult to the audience. The joke that the people behind the camera don't understand. And the audience, while the jokes were supposed to be funny and interesting, were mostly idiots.   If there's any point to this, it should have been a joke to the viewers. It had better dialog and was written better. That's my point.  If you really think this was a really dumb movie, you're just not very funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way out of this. But if you have enough faith in the makers of this film you are willing to spend the money and risk your life.  And if you want to see one of the worst movies i've ever seen you will not find it in the video shop (because of a guy who made it) or any book or magazine you want.   This is not even one of those crappy movies that had no story nor story but only bad writing.  So there's a lot of bad writing and a lot more crap happening than in most other movies i have ever seen.  But this is bad movie about the worst kind of a movie i have seen since i was 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the problem? It's the sort of movie that I would expect would be made after the film, but that doesn't save it saves me the time of looking it up and looking it down.  This is an example of a poorly thought-out film that doesn  't make much sense. There are only a couple of shots where the actors looked like they had an IQ of 1 and an interesting one that had the most talent in the whole cast. The cast were completely unbalanced because they were unappealing or boring, but they all had to act. In my opinion, they all looked like actors who had been given no talent to begin with. I had a great cast to work with and the story was flat and boring. However, my rating is only two points higher than the original B grade that I had given this movie. If it had been made a lot sooner then I would have laughed in my ass. But I only felt it funny in this film and didn't feel like I had to care about anyone else.  The dialogue was boring in an extremely unappeasing way that could have been used in a TV movie. I have a feeling the writers didn't have the talent to develop and develop. I felt bad because I was watching this film on an actual TV movie, but I didn't care. It had me laughing so hard i couldn't.  I'm going to give this a 0 out of 10 for making the most of the audience feel like they were sitting on the floor.   I couldn't find this in a VHS copy of this film, because it looked like a film made in 1999. I watched it on a crappy VHS in 1998 and on a VCR in 1994. It was a great and terrible film, and this movie didn't save me the money I had been spending on buying the first movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's nothing wrong with that. But I can guarantee you, I don't know the director, I can tell you that a movie starring a former model, it's a movie for the men, but a movie is supposed to be made only for the people who have no knowledge of any form of art, and so they should all have some knowledge of something they can appreciate.  The problem is that people don't appreciate movies very much. In fact they think movies can be art, so that's why you should watch movies first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie about a woman whose lover has left her and she, in turn, begins to believe that her lover is going to kill her. I had to think that her friend would have told her. She and her friend, however, are not in a "real relationship" with each other.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an average of 4.5 stars. I'm a big fan of the movie, but only this one - the sequel - with a bad storyline - was not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very excited about this movie and even watched it with my friends a few days before its release. I had only seen it once (about 4 years ago in 2005) but I had to rent this one anyway for 2 hours so I could see it.   In a very predictable fashion, this movie has no plot, no development, no interest and no character development (and none at all), but its awful and unfunny and the writing is horrible and predictable. The director was a little more open-minded (though it is a boring thing for all writers). However, I can honestly say that I'm going to hate this movie more than ever because it was made on a budget and it's directed poorly by somebody who's never seen a comedy series on cable, but is really terrible to write with a writer who's not going to be funny and there's no such thing as a comedy where there's one story line going on and another, but it's really annoying and boring to watch it anyway, but the movie is a little too long and boring.  There were no plots or development and nothing else worth talking about.  All in all I'm left with more than I ever hoped for, and the joke I had written in my head is just not going anywhere. I won't even start on the horrible "comedic". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want a very low budget horror film, this is the film for you! But you need to know that, and don't waste your money at a horror movie.  I was surprised and appalled that this is such a bad film! The cast is not good as it had so many horrible things in it, but in the end, when they finally meet face to face, you may very well end up being one of those unlucky victims of a horrible virus that wipes out half of the population, but you'll end up in the ground with the virus! In the end the virus does not get you.  But the way they are portrayed as a bunch of kids who have been infected with the viral virus is not explained. The film is, to my knowledge, one of the worst films I've ever seen. They are terrible children who are completely unable to act, but it does not explain exactly why the virus has this ability.  The thing is, they are the infected kids, but they are not even remotely believable. The virus itself is a horrible plague that wipes half of humanity off the planet.  However, if you see this movie, and you're really unlucky, you have to live with the consequences of your actions (literally, you can't even stand still). It would have been better to simply not watch this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty obvious mistake. But only one. And that is only a big mistake.  There are only one or two scenes in which the camera isn't focusing on someone's eyes. And then it only focuses on the people. But if you are not expecting much from this, I give it 1 star out of 10. But it was shot with such poor lighting it almost looks like it was made in the beginning.  Unfortunately, it has the bad casting and the "special effects" it used were really poor. But then again, who does? I had a few good ideas, but when I heard that this was the kind of thing that could be a movie from Disney, I stopped caring. I was expecting such a thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this movie I was pretty certain it had absolutely no special place. It was like a crappy soap opera, but this movie was completely devoid of any ideas.  It was absolutely not an ordinary "movie". It was in a completely different league from what most of the "horror" films are made out of, but what the hell is with that? Well, the acting is horrid, the dialogue is lousy and most of these "horrific" killings are staged in the same style that the characters are in "Saw".  If you can handle that and have the stomach to take it, this movie should be the one to get if you want to waste your time and have your mind blown by watching the most "horrible" gore on the market, but if you don't want to go the "Gorefest" route, there are other movies to rent. There are no special effects. The acting is atrocious, but the actors should be good if you can do the whole thing with your head still attached to your body.  So go rent, because you want some new "horrors" to waste some money on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Swingers" is a horror movie based on a horror genre of its own. The script is predictable and the characters are easy to identify with. The director does not have much in the way of horror. The sound design is flat and doesn't really change the film in a meaningful way.  "The Girl Who Played Hockey" is at least a small part of the plot (with the girl having a significant role and the girl doing her best to hide herself and avoid the consequences of her actions. The film itself has a significant plot, but also seems to be poorly directed and the directing appears inconsistent. The girls play hockey and they have to hide from the other players. The whole idea is really that of a bunch of players hiding from the "other girl".   "Invisible Man" is an old horror movie but it has very few scares and really bad actors. The worst is a cheap car accident and a bunch that really doesn't scare. The idea of the invisible man is completely absurd and I won't even go into that. The "ghost" in the film is completely unbelievable. I can even think that the whole idea of ghosts was not in itself a horror.  The story of "The Dead Girl" is far more predictable then the idea of "Hollywood" itself. This is the kind of thing that has not been made in years. The thing I was most shocked at was the "ghosts" themselves. The plot is a terrible one but they don't scare the living daylights out of anyone.  If you want to see something that is absolutely awful about a girl who is stuck in her locker in a room without doors or walls or windows, don't. Go rent "The Grudge". The idea is very weak when you are dealing with "The Woman In Black". You'll see how scary and stupid they really don't want you to see that. You will even realize that you need to use the damn "slingers" mask.  I gave this movie a rating of 2.5 for this film because it was a waste of time (especially the last 30 seconds of its two hours long ending). "Boomerang" (1989) is a horrible movie in which a group of people get attacked by ghosts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think you're going to be disappointed when you see a movie that is exactly what you expected to see. I think that you will be mad that you wasted a good portion of your life watching this movie. But that's not the case. At least there are a few scenes where I think you will like it, and it still beats the crap out of the first hour of a movie without doing what I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So when this movie is on DVD I want to rent this movie to watch when i was eleven. But when i rented this movie i only rented it because it was on the shelf at Walmart when i got a video camera. But on this site, its not on the shelves. Its on the website and its an average movie with a lot of sex, violence and nudity. But its about 3/10 in the movie when its just a sexed up sex scene and not about rape, incest and incest, but about child molestation. Its about 10% of the movie that is in the "sex" genre and its about 2 out of 10 of the sex scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this is one of many movies which had problems with poor lighting and colors. But it is only the only one that had its problems. But the other problem was, that even this has issues. The problems with color saturation were actually quite severe, but they were also fairly limited to the budget and the screen area. For example, the scene where the black man was being shot is shot very wide in the picture. The problem was there was a significant problem with the white man (the one where the light bulb shines into his eyes) but he just kept going, that is all. Unfortunately, the budget wasn't even a problem with this. The effects were poor, but there was no problem with what the actors did.  The movie itself was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is my worst movie ever, and the guy is an idiot. I don't know who wrote the story, and I don`t know where he came from. I just don`td have to go through the movie again to find where he comes from. He doesn`t have to suffer through the same ordeal as we did. But this guy doesn`td need to go around once and a while. He could be my roommate at the beginning of the movie, and he should be allowed to stay with me for the rest of the semester. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie very predictable, and I think I've come to understand that the writers had a big idea that they were making the movie out of nothing at all. It...I can only guess why the makers of this movie didn't bother writing scripts that were either boring, and then writing subtitles that weren't either boring.  The first part of the movie is about a group of people on vacation, and this group just happens to be one of those groups.  I'm going to say this: the producers knew how to use the word "Boredom" to describe boredom, but for the rest of the group, it is not possible to say they had no idea what they were doing.   The movie contains a lot of "boring" scenes, but also a lot that just seem like "diligent". The plot has no particular depth whatsoever, but the story is mostly weak, as it tries to be. It was boring and predictable, but mostly not as boring. They spent a lot on this movie and "BOREDOM" wasn't there. They knew how NOT to make movies. The whole idea was that the writer had his way with the characters.  Some reviewers have criticized the use of "BOREDOM" to say "I was bored".  I guess they had their way with us, but it is boring. At least, it was boring, but that is not the only way this movie fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is without a doubt one of the worst movies I've ever seen: a movie which is almost entirely bad in every way possible; but in the worst case, when the acting and the script are all together, it's one of those "B" movies that has a lot of potential and some of the most terrible scenes you've ever been to see in a movie.  As for me, I thought the story line was boring, but in fact it is almost the only thing that is even tolerably funny. There is no script, but there is enough plot, character development and a couple of situations that make you want to do something. It's a shame that no one bothered to write such a movie when they could have made it themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is not even all that interesting, but the plot seems to be the worst. There is a lot of dialogue that is actually quite funny.  All in all it's an interesting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really like this show and the other one.  But I am not a big fan of the show. There was a point in this series where it's funny to watch and it's a bit much too long, but this is too much for its own good, but I would say this is a good little disappointment and it could have been.  Overall, I just wanted to comment that the writers made the mistake of starting their series with an episode where there is a "death of a child". However, this series was an OK to watch even if you don't like a lot of deaths or child murder and the death scenes are better handled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the actors and story line. It's a real bore. However, I also know the director wanted to make this movie as a film about young people with severe emotional problems who commit murder. I just think this movie made it a very difficult task to make a movie about people who commit violence. Unfortunately, there is little to nothing special. I would say that most of the violence and gore in this movie was unnecessary and over-scripted. Unfortunately the director chose to insert his movie into the film which was made about this, but it was never in the top of anyone's worst nightmares.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, I think it could have been even worse than a "bad movie" because of its bad plot. Its like a "Maniac"-type plot, but the actors act like a bunch of retarded teenagers (i'm sorry to say it's not a joke). But in an ironic way this movie is awful. There are no lines without characters. The music is bad or it's the worst. It's kind of annoying when you are talking to an annoying kid and say "Hi, my name is    and it's like "Hi my name isn't  and you know what i mean." It's not like a movie to be made and filmed to death by a couple of friends. The script is the worst movie ever. The soundtrack is alright but its not an "M-rated" movie. So in conclusion I say, avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review by a reviewer is a really good summary, that if you can stand to read the reviews on IMDb.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So this movie, what the hell is it? Why did they bother making this movie in the first place? This movie is full of crap. But not all. But the worst movie I've ever seen in my life is this one. It's worse than any of the worst movies I've had to endure. I had no idea that all of the actors are really terrible and truly awful people.  If you have any sense of humour, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know if there are any English subtitels, but the original was not English subtitles. I think the movie itself has a fairly good movie, but it, but just enough to make me hate it.   This was, in my opinion, the biggest movie in history for American television and this is the only movie I would say was terrible, though I doubt the same applies to the previous one I've seen, but even I hated that film I couldn't believe that I hated it that much. This movie is one of those awful and depressing "soap operas". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The only real problem I have with this film is the constant nudity. We are supposed to like it, but we do not.  I am a man and I cannot understand why I have to endure this movie, but I am not a woman and my eyes are not open to the world. It's like you are in kindergarten or kindergarten is a real problem but you are not in the world, but the movie is supposed to be a real world, a real movie.  The problem with this movie is that the plot is about a man who has to watch a video and then have sex to satisfy his wife. The sexual intercourse is supposed not to be real, but it's just supposed to happen so that we don't notice. It is very confusing and disappointing, and the characters are extremely unlikable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is the worst film I have ever watched. I will never understand what the hell was going on! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film about the worst movie ever and then I thought the makers were so out of control and it was a very bad movie.  And then I remembered the name and the name I gave it.  But I don't see it as a movie, but a movie and a very boring film. This is not about the movies, but about the movie. But the name is boring and the production values are not. But when you combine these movies's bad actors, bad writing, etc. it is a disaster. And when you read the title and the summary, you get a horrible surprise.  In short, there is nothing to see at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No. i watched this film in the beginning. but i hate it was much like the first episode of season one i never saw. i would have loved to see this on the DVD. i had hopes that the cast would have been so bad. but it was the worst thing i've seen in a long time. because it was so bad, but because the casting was so god awful, but unfortunately i was forced to watch this on t.v.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After a screening I found a list of bad films: 1,2,3,4,5. This film is so bad, it's funny. And the acting is so wooden, I'm not joking. I watched this film after having spent 20 minutes on the subject.  Unfortunately I found that the film doesn't work well. It's not good at all, but at least the script and direction are terrible.  But as this film is made in 1970 it was released in theaters in 1971 (at the same time as this DVD I bought).  I have seen this film twice and I still haven't seen this DVD a third time. And there's no movie I remember. My copy is still at a bargain price of around $7.50 in my local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is so bad that it's actually a rip off of some of the worst movies ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film and it just plain sucked!!! Well, it was a lot of good parts to it. The script is good for movies making, but the problem is, the script can make movies.  The whole movie was really, really terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this when i saw this movie was broadcast in Japan in 2003 (10 years ago) i thought it was a joke and didn't understand it is. This movie is a joke in Japan. So many jokes go around. That means that there are many jokes going around. However it's so bad it hurts.   I'm sorry for the movie. It doesn't make me cringe.  There are also many other jokes in this film. It is just like a bad joke. The jokes are bad I can't understand the plot.  This movie doesn't explain anything. I'm really offended that this joke is only bad in one language. I just hate watching it because it doesn't fit in with the rest of the jokes it is making in Japan or in the rest the world. I have never said that i hated the movie because it wasn't supposed to be funny. In my opinion, it doesn. But it is stupid to me, it's a joke to the rest. In Japan, it is just too big a joke.  The movie only has 3 laughs in the entire film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the worst films I've ever seen. It's hard to believe that this was actually a joke, but what is a joke??  I'd suggest skipping this film for the rest of your lives. But that's too much of a joke to handle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand any movie and the way they made it. I don`t understand why the story is interesting, but I know that nothing is. There is a reason why it, but it, because, if you watch it, you will be disappointed and disappointed. In short, it is the reason why people are not giving a chance to anyone and are not making movies at the expense of watching people watching them and making them see a reason to laugh. I have read the book. It is terrible. It isn`t funny.  The thing that annoys me is that the movie is a collection of some of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can say, with conviction, that I have never laughed so hard in a movie, but if you are a person who is only tolerably happy, you are one person who didn`t, but, if someone laughs once while watching, you must not make that much of a person, but don`T. The movie is at times comical, but is bad, but then the movie itself is terrible and has no reason.  I did not see this movie in a theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember a bad, but predictable movie: "Halloween Horror" has had its Halloween edition since 1987. It has several films set in and around the same date in an effort to create a scarecrow-filled atmosphere. It's not Halloween. It is the start of a new age for horror. It seems very likely this new age was made in 1999, but it was an age of terror and pain. This is not a "Hollow Point". The main actors are good and are the acting of every actor has at least average effort. However, I am a horror fan and a fan of horror movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film was, in effect, an experiment. It is a bit of a bad mistake since the whole experiment is based on the same premise as the movie. It has to do what it can and tries.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what the original idea was with this one. But even if you were one of the biggest Hollywood stars, you'd be surprised to see the actors in the same type of movie that they were in in previous years. They all play the parts of a single young boy. The child's older sister is played by the same actress who was a cheerleader for the girls soccer team. But the movie still looks like a Disney version of "Finding Nemo". The boy's older brother has an aunt and her boyfriend is played, too, by the actress who gave birth to Nemo and the one that played Nemo. Nemo's older father's best friend is played again by the original character. There are other actors who played both of them.  I would advise against buying "Finding Earth"  The first movie in the series that I saw "Finding earth" was "Finding water". The first thing that made me angry was "Earth". And I will buy it if it's not too late to get a copy of it on DVD. The original movie starts with a scene where the girl in the bathing suit and the boy in the canoe are in the tub together.  In addition, it's the type of film that has to be avoided, because they are all the same person who is trying to be a hero and the girl is trying too. The plot was weak and could not possibly have been invented without "Finding new earth". And this one, like "Finding land" is still really a Disney-esque film. The songs are terrible and "Earth" does not really exist in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But it's a bad sign when a film with a cast of eight people becomes such a big deal. But this only makes it's way easier to hate. But you won't like it.  But even then you'll hate it. But there are so many films made like this, I can guarantee that at least one in a long time will turn out to be a big mistake and a huge waste of time and money. The cast is weak and the actors so uninteresting, but they all deserve some credit as actors. If you only see the trailer of one of the films, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so easily impressed by a film that is devoid of its narrative. The story is weak, the characters aren't likable, and the plot doesn't make it a chore to follow through. The characters don't have the same character as the people we see in the story. It's a shame to see a movie that isn't meant to be a drama.  I have to admit that this movie has made me mad. I've seen this in a couple of days, but I'm sure you'll find a better movie for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot comment on the fact that this movie is terrible to the point where the director feels the need to do more in order to make this movie a film about such a disaster. I cannot. I must.  If you want to watch this movie you will hate every second of it. So if you are like me, go ahead. I will not comment on this at all.  This movie is a catastrophe. It is so terrible and in some ways, I am glad that the film ended in disaster. There is a good story, especially in the scenes where there are trees on the ground, where the house falls, but in the worst of times, the disaster is so much worse and there is no end in sight. It just drags on.  It is sad to see how the filmmakers try to make a catastrophe into a film which the main character goes from being completely out of control and completely indifferent and why disaster could occur so easily because of the construction of such a gigantic house. But unfortunately, there is a lot of things you can do with an earthquake like this.  The story is weak when it comes to catastrophe and, by the end, the earthquake itself is an absolute disaster.   My biggest problem with the movie is that the catastrophe occurs in a small rural community, where many people died and then, because the community fell apart, the world became a much more fragile place for the whole of humanity. But the main story is just an hour long, but it is a sad sight. I am not sure it could be made on any other scale. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving this a high rating, but I disagree. I am a person who actually likes to watch films like this because it's so terribly predictable and I've read about a bunch of these people who were doing this. It in a manner that is very hard to comprehend. I do understand that there are people who are like these people. They were on drugs. I don't understand exactly why this film was so utterly idiotic. This could have been a great way to show people what the real world is like without giving away any information. I saw it last week. I understand that some people like to watch this to be a good example of bad film. I didn't understand why people like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so bad, the director wants to throw all the ingredients in the blender with the milk. He wants to have this kind of movie without any real character development whatsoever, but instead of developing a character we have a plot which has been developed so far, but is starting to regress. The only character to develop into something worthwhile is Paul Rudd.  The story is bad and the characters are bad, but they are badly written. The dialogue is awful, the characters poor and the rich are horribly uninteresting and the movie is so badly written that you cannot believe in it.  This movie is also, without a doubt, so uninteresting as it becomes difficult to believe in its being made this way. Unfortunately, we are supposed to believe it is.   It is a pity to see that the plot, with characters written by the same author and by the director, is also terrible and not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people were disappointed.  The first few reviews I saw (for example "The Godfather" and "The Rookie") had me laughing.   The movie was awful when it came out and I had to look away from the television when I saw it and looked away when I watched it again and it was terrible and offensive. I am only disappointed in my time.  Unfortunately, it wasn't that. The characters were not that. They were characters that are supposed to be boring and that I am supposed to care about. But, the movie just doesn't have that much to say, but when a movie is that awful, then that is probably just me.  I wish I had stayed in touch with this movie because I felt sorry for the people involved. I wish they had been nice and had kept us from doing this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two I saw were about two strangers, an older white man and a young girl, both of whom are very close friends of the main characters. This is the kind of film that appeals to those who have limited ability to appreciate and appreciate the nuances and subtleties of their own cultures. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is terrible and the story is very predictable in its awful dullest possible version. But the movie doesn't deliver its message directly. Instead, it in a dull, unsatisfying way and the characters don't really develop.  It the Movie:   The plot of "The Grudge" and "Blood Ties" is predictable as any TV drama ever made. But these two TV movies stars are not the actors.  The story in "The Unseen" is also predictable in a non-scripted way. The cast in "Dead Again" is a mess of unknown actors, and the screenplay is also mediocre. But there are some exceptions in which the script has been written with little imagination (but not without its shortcomings, but in such a way that no-one involved is remotely likable.  No-one who is remotely involved in either "The Dark Room" or "The Invisible Ray" or even "Dark Earth".   Avoid these 2.   All other movies (and, to be honest, all TV) have been either boring or boring. But nothing is particularly bad or not worth viewing.  Avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to agree with the film director and star that this movie is a disappointment. If you are an avid film buff and have seen every single film that has ever been made in the world, then you are going to love this movie.  But that's not enough.  It has a lot more in it that I didn't even know. If it had been made after this debacle had been on the map for nearly 30 years, it could have been a "flop" without any of the major disasters that we have today. This movie had a lot of holes, but it didn't deliver on the promises that the writer and director had made. This disaster movie could have easily been a film that "wins" the Academy Award for Worst Acting in a Film. That is one of my least favorite things about this disaster, and I really am surprised.  The director has to start somewhere, but he doesn't deliver, but the disaster that is.   My Grade: A- 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is pretty weak, and it was very predictable, and the actors were... OK I think.  The writing is just terrible. I'm not that into the movie.  A total waste of. I mean it.  It it is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has some very confusing and very obvious problems.  I don't know how many people would agree. I can't even begin to imagine how the movie might have had a sequel or something to fill this hole in my memory. I'm sorry if I ever say the word "chilling", "scary", or "spooky" ever again in a sentence, but it's a waste of time. But I can say without getting into the details of what this was all about. But the problem with that is, the story itself would have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors, settings, dialogue, characters, etc., are all the same as they are in "The Sound of Music". They appear to be a bunch of kids playing around on their own. Then the "kids" are transported to another town and all the characters meet for the first time. Then, they try to escape together and the entire "Sound of Music" section fades to white. But the movie is really bad and should be banned. So why bother. The "kids", who are, in fact, supposed to be kids themselves, and why are they, of all people, playing with the real toys in the "Toy Story" section? Why bother? But, why? Why? Well, why not? Why should I bother?  I mean, it's just not that funny.  The whole movie just looks like a joke, and the jokes aren't very funny at all, but I'm not sure I'll like the movie if I read a newspaper or watch television. I've never seen the whole film, but it's very annoying when they play in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this one I could have watched this when I was 4 years old. Unfortunately, as a child, you had no idea how to make a movie. You also knew exactly what you wanted to see. You were not impressed, but when you think about this I think you will be. It is a movie that tries very hard to be a big film, but it was also a movie whose producers tried very hard and very hard at getting viewers to see something new in a movie unlike what they had before. The only problem I had with this movie was that I saw that a movie could not be a documentary. The characters were boring and the action, dialog, story were extremely contrived. If you have ever watched a documentary, you will see that the characters were very unconvincing.  The only movie I haven't seen is the sequel. I have watched the original movie many times. In my opinion, it was the worst thing I've ever seen.   This is a film that has many problems that are beyond comprehension. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the main problem with this movie is the fact that the script was horrible and contrivedly bad. It. I'm hoping that the director and writer won't take this opportunity to make a new film, but as of right now the film still sucks, but with a few things the script can't even be written (like a car wreck and a car fight). I've seen hundreds of movies that were like this. The thing that bothers me most in the movie are the scenes that are contrived, as they try to escape from a car crash or an avalanche. It's not funny and I'm not convinced by the fact it can't be written by anyone in the world who has ever suffered such a situation before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was a lot better than this. It is an excellent movie and deserves your time and attention.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had such a bad script, but you know, the actors were way better than any of the writers (especially the one writing this piece). I mean, when was this movie written? And when was it was written, but not written.  I mean when was the script written? That's the movie, but the dialogue is way worse. In fact it was a big waste of time and money to rent.   But this film is a waste of the entire movie. It's way worse than anything you have ever seen in a movie. In my opinion, this movie is beyond the waste of a movie that is "The Shop Around The Corner" and beyond the rubbish. In short, a lot of wasted time and energy was spent by the writers and filmmakers. So if you are a big fan of low budget movies and you hate them, rent this instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first impression on this was poor! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies and they made me smile, though I was a kid, but I've never laughed in a funny way.  I don't know why they made it so hard. They should've just said it. But I just don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen countless "Hollywood" movies, which is supposed to be one of the top 10 of the worst movies I have ever seen, but it all. This is the kind that I would be very excited about.  I do not have a clue as to how this movie is made. It is the movie that I am giving this kind of zero stars. It's a movie I just hate. I hope they can make it into a movie about something serious and interesting topic, but after watching the first 40 minutes of "The Avengers" I cannot say they have succeeded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 15 minutes of the movie was one of the worst examples of what a bad film I've ever seen. The music scene and the music videos were the worst example I've seen in a long time. The soundtrack and the sound effects were the only reason I'd watch this film.  The "I want to be an artist" scene is one of my least favorite parts of the film. Its not worth seeing it when you're in need of something more entertaining than a mediocre movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot was poor, but the story was stupid - the movie was just dull, but it's the sort that just happens every second or so.  The only one that I liked was the one where all the kids just end up getting into trouble because one of them died of hypothermia in the first hour. The other was the sort where one of the kids gets a haircut and his friend starts to lose hair and there's only one episode where one dies and ends up being electrocuted.   I was very skeptical of the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (if you are a fan of the movie, don't bother watching this movie--it's a waste of time)  The actors and plot are poor to nonexistent proportions (for the sole purpose of comedic effect). If you want to waste your time watching this film, make your own. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is so thin, that a very thin woman can be expected to have a lot of imagination, an understanding of a sense of humour.  The plot is badly developed and the characters are badly written. I've seen so many movies with badly written, poorly written scenes, but this one is just plain stupid bad.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of this film's worst scenes were just asinine and corny. Not to mention the plot which had to go from bad to far worse.   The plot is boring, but this film is about the poor. They are poor. But its the acting which is poor in this film.  I don't think the director got this part of his film right. They might have. It was bad by the poor in their native land, but the actors were poor in the English. The writing is poor, but its mostly poor in every aspect.  The production values are low. The dialogue is poor.  A total waste of a film. I recommend giving this film a 2 out of 10 for every one of those who hate the English, but only do so because its the worst I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film on video at my local video store and it got so bad. I couldn't believe my eyes, but the actors looked familiar, but were so inconsistent in their voices. I knew it was an awful movie I would never watch again. The film is so predictable and so cheap in its use of special effects and sets. It isn't a movie worth owning in its own right. If you know how it can be like that, just rent it on video and don't see this again.   The film was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not entirely convinced that this movie is a waste of time. It seems a waste. This movie is, of all things, a waste, and a waste?  The ending was so obviously terrible:  The way these people were reacting to this garbage and making decisions was as follows:   The film had a pretty good premise. The characters are bland and not believable, but the idea was clearly flawed, but I feel like it wasn't written to be funny. They were obviously desperate. The film failed miserably.  I saw this movie the same year it came out. I am sure I'll be watching it again in the next 2-3 years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have come to this movie since it was released.  The plot is a real plot and there is some nudity. The story is a fake one and the acting is wooden, wooden, or plain poorly done.   There's little to complain about in this movie because the story is poor and the script is terrible and I'm sure that the acting were wooden. You will find none of the same plot and neither will you see any nudity. But you will be very confused if you ask me when and where the nudity occurred. But even if you are confused, you will feel your way through the whole film and even more confused if it was directed by someone who had never seen "Saw."  I saw this movie yesterday and it left me feeling angry and sad because I'm not a fan of any movie in the same way as you, but you won't understand me and I would not waste your time trying to get to know what's wrong with this movie. But if you don't, don't waste your money.  But the whole thing is a piece of work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  All in all I could see that I had seen the worst of this movie and they had not. I think the only thing they could have done better was to give this a 2. The guy in the hotel room looks like a guy in his dreams... but the real problem with this movie is when they look like they are in a dream and they think he is in a real sleep. This movie was terrible. It was so bad. It is one of those movies that is just so boring in it. It could be made in 10 minutes. What was the problem? Well, the problem with it is that it could have been a very entertaining and fun movie. It did a lot of bad acting in this movie. But then what was the point? The point of this is that this movie doesn't get any worse. It doesn't make much sense and the actors were terrible. But that just meant the movie got a pass because it had a script. If this had not, there would have been better writing or better script. I hope the movie producers could learn to write better scripts. I am just glad I wasted my time on this movie instead of writing a movie about the most atrocious movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is only one thing I dislike the least. That is the plot. But at the same time, the plot is a big problem and a movie about a group of teenagers that have sex with a teacher that wants to be her teacher and take over the school's curriculum. The story is simple. It is the same story you are probably expecting it to be about. But I am not disappointed. I am disappointed that these kids don't act like normal teenagers.  Overall, I am more disappointed that the movie is not even watchable by anyone with a small brain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager growing up in the 1960s and watching movies after movies, one thing to make you jump is not seeing the movies after movie.  I thought it a waste of time and I think it a good movie. But it's been a good watch and I'm glad I saw it before I turned 18.  It a shame that the movie has been out on DVD, so you can finally see "The House Bunny" for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a bad film because it was a horror movie. However, the plot is very predictable and the acting is atrocious. The plot is bad.... the plot?..  A very bad movie where the writer and director are both really bad. (but they are trying to save the movie)  The main character is a young boy with special needs.   This film fails miserably to be a horror film which I would have expected from the likes of "My Favorite Martian" (the first one) and "The Dead Zone".  If you can overlook this film, please, please give it a chance to be the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but this movie is on par with the worst I've ever seen. A woman, a woman who is trying to get away from this situation, is at her wit's end. When she realizes she is in a new, unknown, and extremely dangerous situation (like when the girl is running out of town in the middle of the night to hide from the man, who wants to rape her). It's a pity we don't get raped.  It's also a pity I didn't get killed. I had seen a documentary last year about the worst movie I've seen in my life, but I really don't remember it.   A man, a man who has a heart, is an idiot. A man who is suffering from severe depression (like his sister, who is running away from the same situation), is a man whose sister, a friend, a boy, a girl, etc is someone who suffers from the disease, but the guy is not. The man, the man who suffers, the guy who is hurting, etc are people who have had all their life and will not have it. I didn`t want to kill these people, but they were, it's a shame they get a free pass on everything.  I was expecting something new. It`s like when the guy says he has a girlfriend in the beginning of the movie. The boy, the boy who is supposed to be in love with the girl, are both idiots. The guy who was hurt by the snake (or girl, or boy, or girl), who was bitten, etc, etc... all these people who are supposed to know where this is going is... an idiot and they didn't. The girl who was in love, the girl who had all the answers, is the girl that would get bitten. He should be getting the blame here and the snake girl is a liar. A boy that had all answers is the boy that has everything in his head.  The guy doesn't even care about that, but he does care about the man. The people that know where the hell it is going, are people that would have told him it, but it doesn't make any sense to them. The guys who knew where the snake went, were people that had their heads cut off with a shovel. When the boy had all his answers, he said the snake would bite him again, but then he said his head
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original version of this movie. It starts out of nowhere and takes itself off the rails.  The actors in this film are pretty average. At times it's hard to tell that they're actually "actors". The script is pretty poor. It's not as terrible, but if you are expecting the original "The Avengers" movies which does exactly what it says, "The only thing I can tell you is it's a movie I have to watch once in a while until I die". I'm going to try to figure out why "The movie ends" with a meteor exploding. "The comic book" goes on for weeks and weeks and doesn't give this movie any chance of a rating. But "The first Avengers" movie is so incredibly boring. It has everything. And that's it.  "The Hulk" is so unappealing, I don't even know what I'm doing.  That's it, but the "first Avengers" is a film you can only get if you like watching "The Incredible Hulk" and "Iron Giant".  I'm gonna give "The First Avengers" a rating of 0.5 out of ****.   What do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bit confusing and the acting is very poor and poor, but they're not all of them. If I had known that they had to be cast by an Asian woman who speaks Asian, I wouldn't have gone to see this.  It!!!  I didn't give this a 1 because the actors were Asian, but because they had good actors. I gave it a 1 just because I had no idea what the hell they were talking about. I just thought the film was very unoriginal or "Asian" to an Asian man, and that's it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie first on television, but didn't really like it. It It It it.    My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had a special effects that allowed you to see images of various animals, but this one had a different effect than other bad films. But its effects were horrible. It's just awful and uninteresting! Its only problem is that the dialogue was stupid. A very annoying problem with this movie was that the film is one big waste of its runtime. Not to mention that, it was a pretty big waste.  The story is quite interesting, but I was going to be disappointed when I saw how long and boring. A real shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My personal favorite is the original series, where the first season begins, but it is not the original one. The episodes are about new things in the neighborhood.  The series was very predictable in its design and structure, and the cast was uniformly good and made me laugh. The first season of Neighbors was not funny. It was not terribly boring.  I gave this movie an F, but I don't know anyone who has.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one is a real disappointment: i don't know why. It.  And there are worse movies with bad acting and bad acting that i haven't seen before.   i can say this was a real disaster. the movie i saw was so bad that it had to remake. I know it's not in the least bit better or more. but the original one was so poorly written and the remake was way worse. i was really hoping it would just be a terrible disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a very hardcore fan of the classic comedy in this cartoon, which I was thoroughly convinced was so incredibly boring and tedious. But in this case, we just get more of the same old formula and a total mess of stupid people talking in a cartoon voice that could have been used on a commercial grade sitcom, and the rest of it is total crap. A total mess.   My first thought was that this was one of the worst movies ever made, but I'm not going to waste my time and write one of those reviews where I write more about the movie as the most recent "worst movie I have ever seen" but for the record, I'm going to let you know that it's a complete mess. But if you have a young person who has absolutely no concept of self care or respect of anyone's life at all, do yourself a favour and don't bother with this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is called "Distant". Its plot is so weak, it can't help but become the most unbearable cliché that we all know. Its two main characters, a young photographer and a woman, are the two main protagonists of the movie. The film is so thin that I thought it had been shot on film.  "Dermot Kehoe" plays the main character, but he also gets the girl's girlfriend, played by the actress Jan De Bont. In a bad ending, the girl becomes pregnant, and then ends up getting pregnant, but her boyfriend (the photographer) stays at home with the woman he's working with. Then she gets a boyfriend and then starts getting pregnant.  This is definitely the worst movie I've ever seen, but it just took 3 hours and 30 minutes longer to make it look like a movie.  I could only hope that the director could come up with a film that was at least somewhat original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast, the actors, the locations and the wayfinding are all too often poor to poor - and the plot is badly executed. But even so, the film was terrible to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A remake of the original film - "Mork and Mindy" - will be released before Christmas in 2004, but "Clerks" doesn't come until 2008. So if you're looking for a bargain on VHS or DVD - get "Clersks" before it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is an argument here that I don't understand what these guys were saying, that they were saying this movie was full of rape and torture and incest. You know, the stuff that was said to be a waste of my life is really not. I mean, it could've been worse.  This movie has the kind of bad script that only Hollywood can create. You can only imagine the worst part of this film and expect to be shocked. There is nothing in this movie that you can say is even remotely close to the worst parts of this movie. This is really about torture, rape, and child molestation. The only thing that is truly awful and disgusting in the least bit are the sex scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst of the bunch. It's like the first movie was about a guy who comes to visit a woman he knows. He leaves and takes her back, she ends up in a strange room and ends up getting raped.  He just wants to take her back. He wants her to come to a strange place to find him. He just doesn't like her back and the film is in dire need of a re-write. I've seen this movie dozens of times since then and was left with the worst ever script I've ever seen in a film that was released by a low budget studio.  A guy who knows what's going on and knows where the body is buried gets the body stolen and buried in a cave. His wife wants to get rid of it and wants to go find the man who knows where she is buried.  The first guy doesn't know where the guy is buried and wants her dead. The first body isn't buried. He finds a body buried in the house and then finds a cave and picks her up with her child and takes the baby to the cave. The baby goes down a hole and dies and gets a chance to be taken into the water and drown. The woman's body is missing and his wife goes to find her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have read this comment on IMDb it must have been very boring. I mean how did this movie come out the worst? I think that's a pretty good movie - the other comment i saw on IMDB last year was the most boring, the most entertaining and interesting.  I'm glad that i spent 3 hours and 40 minutes of my life in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say that I am not a fan of this movie, but rather disappointed and perhaps over the long haul I am a fan and I really, really want to see more of it all.  But I am surprised that many people who are fans of this film seem to be fans of the film. The actors are the main problem. They aren't actors, but the direction and script. The cinematography is poor even by my standards. The film itself, from a production standpoint, is an art form in and of itself. However, for a person with a deep knowledge of film, this film isn't even that good. The direction, sets and camera-work are all over the place.  This film is really not worth a lot of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what a typical first time director has to do when making a horror film: He has to cast the main characters in the most ludicrously uninteresting, and the audience has to endure them. They have the most fun and it's only at times when the writing is incomprehensible, and when the plot has been developed well.  The characters are drawn in such a way as to draw attention away from the events. The plot is developed slowly with little success (see, for example, "Ghost" in "Polaris"). I like it and I was surprised to see that the acting is horrible. It's sad that the movie's trying to be clever and the plot is so bad. The only thing I was expecting is that the story is supposed to be "boring" by using cliché characters and bad actors. I only found out that the actors were terrible and had wasted hours of my life watching them. It was a disaster waiting to happen. But for all the reasons outlined above I've actually gone through my entire life not seeing the horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, to be honest, that really was really the first one in a long while. Unfortunately, the only people who were complaining were the guys who wrote and directed the film. But this film is an embarrassment in its own right.  I give it 2/10 because I can see what's going to happen in a year.   It wasn't an embarrassment, but it was a total waste of time. It is not a "poor movie", but it will leave you feeling like a total dork. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if my first impressions of this film was from a young boy with a baseball cap, a baseball glove, or a young man without a baseball mitt, which was a perfect metaphor for the age. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where the name comes first in the credits. It has been 2 times in a row i think i said.   But it wasnt very good. You wont see it unless you are in a coma.  Its funny and its a really crappy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing wrong with the movie. But when I saw it and my friends saw it I was in for the first time. In the meantime my friends didn't, but in one of the worst parts of the movie there's the scene where a group of people stand around and argue about the movie being made and the movie's future, but they don't even look like that. They just point and laugh.  The only reason I didn't laugh was because I wanted to see the movie in a movie theater. I only saw it in one movie theater, but I watched it for ages, but it was all of my friends who came in and laughed. I thought it was my fault that it wasn't even in a theater where you could actually see the film.  But you don't know that, I mean, when you watch it for the entire length of the film you laugh until you die, but you don´t know when your friends start it. But it's not even the worst of the joke. It's the main point of the whole movie. It doesn't have to be the worst movie, but don´T. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is completely bad, but it is so, it is absolutely awful, it absolutely is. Not because there was a plot or because it didn't get made. It.  I cannot believe any of these people! They are liars! Why would you ever believe anything they said.  It is absolutely horrible, because it is made so that the audience knows what they are looking at. A few people have said there is no way that the actors were able to act this way. They are not trying to be actors. They ARE actors. If you have watched any of the actors in this movie, you know exactly what is going on with them. Why would the writer even bother writing a movie that is about a group of actors acting like this? You would just know that there was only one way to act like this group of people, but the actors are absolutely terrible people. That's a real shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what you get when you spend a few hours watching the movie. I had to laugh through my own teeth, because I felt like I was being spoon-fed sugar. But I did. I am not making this movie.  This movie is so awful. It has only two actors that are completely miscast. They are not that bad people (they are also the same as I am). The story is bad, but I would have liked to see more.  The movie has the worst of the worst actors I have ever seen in my life. I could of lived with that. The movie is, in my opinion, as bad as I could have.  If you are a real fan of this film you will hate me for this piece of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't believe this was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the characters were played by an experienced scriptwriter, this would be the best I've ever seen.  The original series had very little in common with this.  I would advise anyone interested in this, and those who are not, to skip the first season of the original series. It's a series which I have watched dozens of times on video, on my local VHS store, and have even written a positive review about it.   I think this show is going to be cancelled, and the producers of the show want to be the last to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, is this one of the worst films i've ever heard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is just a mess, but the movie is not a total mess. But the movie lacks an interesting plot that's not just obvious from the script alone. I've seen it on a few nights, but if you can believe me, you'll love the movie, but you'll hate it. It is all that we need.  I'm not going to rate this movie so highly. In fact, if you are looking for a movie that is at the very least a little boring to watch, I highly doubt you will find one.  If you are a fan of the worst movie I've ever seen, I suggest you take it as an example to demonstrate how the movie-going public treats movies-going, and how it is able to create a movie-goer that is less than two years old. It's just an example. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know more about this garbage, then you have to see the original. But it's absolutely obvious that this movie had one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The plot in the original is far better than in this one because the actors were worse. The plot doesn't work. The characters aren't as thin, it's obvious that some of them were. The only problem I had with this movie was the ending where the guy dies, but that doesn't explain why they would be so thin.  If this movie ended without an explanation, then I would agree with this reviewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production values were all higher than the film was. But when I started to see this film, I knew that I had to see it in a theater, but the theater was way out of my price range, and I don't know of one film that was made for $100,000. That was a great film! If you are a film fan, don't waste your time. Go see this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There were many comments in the original review of this movie, but in all fairness, I think they could have told the truth of how this movie was made without even mentioning this episode. But, then again, they should have told this much of the story before. But it's not about a lie, but it's about the whole concept of lies and deceit. It's supposed to be a whole mess of lies, but they should not have said "lie" anymore, but only pointed the whole idea of lying to be the worst thing in the world. But what should be the biggest lie in the whole series? Well, at the end of the day, everyone lies for a reason. They lie to get money from the people that are telling the truth, but a lot of the lie is simply about lies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can honestly say that this movie is a huge disappointment. I was hoping this movie would be good and I was waiting eagerly for it. If this movie wasn't a big disappointment then that's just my word of honor.  And there's one thing I just couldn't abide. But this is too thin and, at times, it gets really boring. I mean, it really is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first mistake is that the production costs can't be paid, and the actors can. The budget is not nearly as expensive in the least. Even though I understand this was only a one-time production, the budget was probably close to 90% of the total production cost. The film was, by far, the worst of the two. A movie is only as good as the film is.  Unfortunately, I can't see this any more than you can see anything else. A film is, in essence, a work of art. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie really needs to be in the same league as American Pie. If you are looking for a movie like "Polaris," this is a good choice to see. The title of this film is "Flamingo," and it makes for a funny, though very uneven viewing of a Cuban film. But, like American Pie, this has a lot going on, and there's a lot of violence and an awful plot.  This is one of the earliest films that people are looking to "spare" you, with a movie that, in a way, is so poorly made that the camera is shaking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what makes this film so bad or so unbelievable? This film has no idea. Its a complete waste of time.   The movie starts with two men discussing this film. The dialogue is amateur, but they make me feel like I've been watching a movie with no character. It's a shame of its age-old actors and scenery, and I hate the soundtrack. It has been around for almost a decade. It had to be a total waste of effort for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know one thing: this is just the kind of movie that most foul. It is. But I do not know it is the kind I want, but I know its not the kind that's going to help me sleep.   This is not a waste of film, but it is a waste.  But the plot is so hackney it makes a movie worth renting and watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie would have been funny. You don't think you can be funny without writing jokes, but I don't know if I can make jokes on my own or not. I was hoping to be a comedian. I expected this to be an insult to me by the way that it made me feel sorry for myself, but the movie was terrible. The movie starts with a series of scenes about a guy who's going through the motions of a heart attack. That was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The acting is atrocious and the writing is awful. I'm not going to talk about the jokes (the old one is one of my favorites in the entire series, but, unfortunately the writing can be dull). But it isn't funny. But the movie has no redeeming qualities.  If this movie was the worst thing about this movie, its like watching a film made on a college campus in my age group that's called "College of the Art", but I couldn't care less. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie really is a rip-off of one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life, but i could care less about it seems.  What really irked me about this movie was that it had the same type of dialogue as this show. It was so boring it felt like a second grade play-episode. I was hoping for a little bit of action, but it was just me and my girlfriend who both thought it was a joke. There was no plot, but the movie itself was like one of those soap-opera style movies. The actors all sucked and the story is bad and is just really dumb and idiotic.  I would suggest avoiding this film as it is one of many bad actors who have ruined the show for everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I disagree with the director. In fact, I can say that I disagree. I am not willing to compromise the plot or cast with non-Bollywood talent. In my opinion, it was really bad. It wasn't good, but I would still have given the film a 7 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really stupid movie: an experimental hypnotherapy program called "Exercise" starts making people do crazy amounts of stupid stuff in the shower, and so forth.   I watched this when it came out in 1994, and I had to be pretty sure I was looking for the same thing I was at the doctor's table. But I had no clue how to think about the Hypnotherapy stuff I had just been exposed to, but I think it would have been more entertaining to watch than this garbage.  The plot is awful in the worst way possible, but that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What the hell is this? Why am I not watching this with the expectation that it's not actually a waste of time in between movies segments? Why did it? Why can't I do this with two different people at the same time? Why? WHY?!  The movie starts with a scene where two people are having sex, but they each have different sets of clothes. But it's all the same thing.  And for those people who can't handle the idea of a couple having sex and a couple holding hands, I suggest the movie be made in the old fashioned way instead of with two people in the same room.   I did not like the idea that this movie is really a waste, but it didn't help me in understanding what was going on, either. It still did not convince me that this is really the waste of an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of "The Secret of the Nameless" is one of the worst movie I've ever seen. They just go around killing people randomly. If someone asks why, the Secret of The Nameless is said to be the biggest movie ever made, but the Secret is not in any way worse. The script and acting is very poor. In a movie where "The Nameless", "The Invisible", "Mr. Invisible", and "The Silent" kill people randomly, but randomly only, and in a movie with a very poor storyline, but only poor acting. The main problem with this movie is its "spontaneous combustion". It's horrible, but they have nothing to work with here.  A "bad movie" that is bad on film is The Secret of Nameless. In this movie "The Mysterious Girl in the Sea" does not exist. In the future we have The Namified Man, which is very poorly made and just awful as hell. The director and cast are all OK. They also waste lots of time. The actors do not have actors. They do not act very well.  There are a lot of scenes that do not look too natural. In other words, it's like "Mysterious Girl in a Sea" and "Mystery of the Unseen".  The plot is not that bad. In fact, they are all boring and "boring" and you will most likely dislike it. This movie is "boringly" written, but it seems like he did not have a clue and nothing is shown that is remotely natural.  If you are looking for the movie "My Secret", there's only one scene where a "Mystical Girl in Black" comes to life, but not many.  The acting is amateurish and predictable. The production values are low. And when you get the worst "borings" in this movie, which they should have been doing a lot, there are no "borINGS".   My Secret of a Nameless and The Secret Of The Namted is two of the "worst movies I've seen in recent memory. In "Mystic Marbles" the main villainess is just "Mythical", but the movie is supposed to be made like the movie the first one. The story just gets worse and not good. The movie was written in a way that was not believable and the movie has no redeeming quality, but nothing is as bad as bad.  Overall,
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is as idiotic as a car chase with the cops and the cars. The script has the same premise as "the end of the world" meets "the birth of the god". The actors aren't that good. The directing is generally above average, the acting is good, but the characters don't seem that wooden, but seem "disappointed". The only problem with this film is that it feels too contrived to be derivative.  A few jokes in this film are far too poor and overrated, and this film does not come close to the low budget film I've seen from the 70's.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so unbelievably bad as it was made in 1994. It Had a Very Bad Ending (it really is so bad, it made me feel like crap), but I am surprised that the movie was a sequel to a series of British films called THE BIBLE which were released after it was over. But then, in 1995 I saw it again on the video. If you want a sequel of a series which isn't called THE GODFATHER, see A CRUEL AND MARTIOUS AND FASTER SEASON OF THE GOD FATHER 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak. But it is a pity. What else is it?  The only one-dimensional aspect of the movie - the plot - is boring, but not very original. I enjoyed the idea of the main character - "Trey Parker" - as a writer/director, as a result of his work. I gave this a three, but that is it.  This film should have had more of a purpose. It has an annoying script, which is very predictable, but I do not expect to like it. If you want to waste an hour or two, you can get a better one.  If you don't care about the plot, you might as well waste your time. It is also worth a watch if you want a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. It's so much like a B-flick and a lot of what I assume is the worst of it isn't. But I just can't give it a higher rating because I know what you're trying to say.  The film starts out with a plot that is more in line with the beginning of the first episode of "Stranger Things". The dialogue is atrocious and so is the plot.  "Strangers Things" was a hit last summer, but "The Omen" were not. But this is really bad, and if you have the DVD I strongly advise you take the time to rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film that I have ever seen in a long time, and that is one of the worst films I've ever had the displeasure of seeing. Not so bad. It It's so bad, but it was so bad that it was like I just put my hand in a blender for some milk.    But why on earth did I waste my time watching this? It was so awful, and I was just too happy and stupid to be stupid. The dialogue was poor at times, but I couldn't even begin to figure out what the problem was with this film.  In conclusion, I gave it a 3 because it was in the worst of the films I have to see to know why it was called the "worst movie ever" despite the fact that I think it could have done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has not aged well, but I don't know when it was made.  I have heard this movie many times when I have been on an airplane and sat through a whole row of them. I have watched this movie several times with my two year old son and we both thought it was terrible, and we were both wrong. But it is NOT about a child's imagination, but about a mother's, a father's, and a teacher's, etc... and then it was about a teacher who was a genius and was so frustrated because she had to teach his class to understand a language that he was teaching her. We had a great class of my son's age and he told me about how his class had taught her to appreciate a film with so many beautiful actors.  A very short film made with a very low budget camera.  The ending is OK but then the movie has some other ideas that are very clever. The worst is the story. My wife and I both agree it's terrible and they are both right. But the movie could have been made and should have been shown in a public school. The acting is OK and it does not fall into an amateur drama, but the script is weak and the characters are not particularly likable or interesting either.    The acting and the story are all the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is probably the worst I've ever seen in a movie.  It's absolutely unbelievable. I mean, you want to see a movie that has such a lot of special effects or special effects. You want to sit through a movie with such a bad script. You can do so, but you really just want to laugh, because this movie is just a disaster.  This movie is a complete bore. I've seen this movie many times on IMBD and I am really beginning to miss it.  I guess what you want is to enjoy this movie so much that you can't take it seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So far, I have heard the plot and I have seen the cinematography. The cinematography is nothing to be said about. I have come to expect a movie to have a plot line and to be made in 3D. The whole idea behind a movie is to try and make a film with the same style as "Moonstruck". I would have been surprised if this movie would have looked like "Moonwalker". There are some flaws with the story, but it is hard to believe the whole idea.  It does not help the story at all. It only hurts. The characters are badly played. The story could have been better told. The direction is also badly acted, but not as badly done in the movie.  The actors are not bad. I do not think the movie is the worst.  What I was expecting was some sort of movie that looks like "Bewitched".  I have to give it one star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a bad thing is it? This is the kind of thing that would give you a reason to quit. It is not the worst. It has a bad message about being broke...because the movie is badly scripted, and because this is like one big mess in a film, but its about 2 days of shooting (its about 2 weeks or so) but then it says "I'm sorry I know what I'm doing.  This is one big film in a very short period of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing against this film. It's been out since early 2002 in several editions. But it's never been shown as one of the worst films I've ever had the displeasure of watching. It has its moments. But that doesn't make it a complete waste of time. And what about those parts of the film that got screwed up on this site? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I only saw this movie on the very first Friday of August and was so disappointed. But I knew this movie was an indie. The whole movie is not the whole movie. In fact, the entire movie is just the act of writing and directing.  There are very many other things to the movie. This is not a movie in the traditional sense, but it is the only thing that made me angry that I have seen in this entire decade.  The characters are very poor in this movie. It was never as awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never thought that this was a bad film - a joke that would be funny or even mildly entertaining. However the director of this picture says that he's glad the film is made and the actors are all over it. It It It  The last thing that bothered me is the name and the location of the cast. A total waste of a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was 11. My family was in the beginning stages of a downward spiral into depression that would leave us on our own, but the only way I could watch it is to sit through the whole thing. I've seen several other movies about this kind of movie. But it doesn't have a storyline that goes beyond the beginning of the movie.  The director seems to have made the movie himself. At first it's a bore to watch, but at some point in the movie I can't take it anymore.  A plot outline that has no relation to reality, but there's no story. It's not like the movie is going to go on and on forever. It just leaves us feeling depressed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is atrocious; the cinematography is bad, the directing is terrible, and the special effects are poor, but the direction is terrible and the music is horrible and should be, but unfortunately, it's just a lot more than just the bad music, but just what, if you think it's a bit slow.  The problem isn't even a problem. It's just the worst movie I've ever seen. The characters are so completely insufferable. There are so many bad things, but what, really, were they? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen.  There was no plot at all, but I was expecting too much and for what I think is the movie's only purpose was to be funny.  This is the kind of thing that's meant to be "Hollywood satire".  I give this movie a rating of 1/10 out of 10 (out of 100). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film a week ago for the first time. I thought, wow, I can't believe this is what they call "Citizen Kane". I mean, this is really not at all.  The movie is like a "Mystery Men". In a "Citrus Cooler" style, the camera moves fast. But it doesn't have the same pace and you don't get to know a little more about the characters, their motivations, and how the script could be written and developed.  Some reviewers have mentioned the "Mysterious Men" in this film, but the cast were mostly unknown. But when the main characters are trying to find out why the movie went down the drain, I believe it had nothing to do with their motivations. The dialogue and dialog are at least the "main concern" of the movie, and I'm not sure if that is the same thing as their "art".  I am going to rank this movie lower than Citizen Kane.   The only "art" I found was "the way things were". In "Citizens Kane" you don  don't know why everything is supposed to be "real". You don't see it as "a piece of crap" but you don' t know what the writer was trying to accomplish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this film a 2.5.   It is a joke. It is not a movie. But I'm going to take it at face value, because it is a lot better than a comedy film. But this movie is really a joke!  I was expecting "What the hell is this?" It's just a joke, but it doesn't really work either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My personal opinion is that this movie was supposed to be about some kind of religious conflict. However, a huge conflict ensues after the church goes to the dark place to fight the angels. It is revealed that the angels who attacked the church were called "sons of light" and the sons of light are "suns of light". The angels were sent to earth and the earth was destroyed. The earth was also cursed to have an effect. This "soul killing" movie is a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What? How? How could this be so bad that we would hate it like this. But why did they waste time making a film, but never did something about it was not at all, but they didn't waste time.   A lot of this film is so badly made I can tell by the actors, and I am very disappointed. The acting is terrible, but for some reason, the music was also very badly done. The musical score is bad, and the acting were poor.  The ending was bad and they played a few of the most obvious bad songs. The script was terrible, and if you can even call it that, but that's about all I have to say about it. The movie is a major disappointment in it's many ways. But the music is just a big waste of time, and there are just a bunch of bad movies.  But the worst of the problem I have with this movie is the bad script. The thing I can say is that it's a very bad movie. The special effects are laughable, but then it becomes so poorly filmed you actually start questioning yourself. The story lines are bad, but the music and photography are also extremely bad and the sets are even worse than any bad movie I've ever seen. I thought I could have enjoyed this movie more than a couple of the worst musical numbers out there, but I can see that the movie had a lot of potential, but it's not enough to make me hate it.  It is not a horrible comedy that has absolutely nothing to do with this problem (which was not in the slightest bit funny, but terrible), but the soundtrack is terrible. This movie was very bad, it was a very dull film I could care less about and the characters were stupid and the actors were poorly written. There is just no excuse for writing or acting, but if you want to see a movie that shows you have to watch it because of the bad acting, because they are so dull to begin with and there's no real point to this movie, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what was I thinking I could write such a bad review about this film?   But, as I wrote this review, I only remembered "I just got a copy of this movie when I was 11 years old, and I didn't even think it was for kids. It"  So, when it came time to watch it again (I'm 18 now) I was really surprised to see the difference. The acting is terrible, but the plot is atrocious.   I can't understand why people who have watched the original without seeing the original DVD would complain about this. I'm not going to write another review about how the original is only a bad version of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I watched the DVD of this movie I thought that the writing was so bad (which, by the way, is quite possible) but I think that the movie just fails for no real reason. I am glad I saw it then. But it just seemed so incredibly artificial or artificial. It's not, but it seems so unbelievably artificial. I didn't understand anything. It just failed miserably, I guess you could say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This review describes a movie: A movie this is, but the characters are a bunch of bad. I can't believe it. But this is really just a bunch o of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, the characters and the action are the best parts of the movie. I gave it two stars, but not a second.  Overall this movie would have been better than the first episode of Lost. I didn't buy it when the whole thing was over and it was supposed to be an absolute cult classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors play some good characters: The one that really got me started in this mess was the "Worst Man In Cinema".  My Grade: C  What Grade: B  What grade: C+ 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a problem with this movie, but the problem of not knowing when to expect anything to come.  The characters were drawn in the wrong way. It was only when the characters were wrong and then they were right. This movie had some funny moments and a story like this one should have been available to everyone.  However, you get the impression that this was the most amateur movie I have ever seen. But with the characters having such poor writing and no plot whatsoever, and the dialogs being so non-existent, you are just left waiting for something new to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What could have been better, and what could have prevented this disaster? The film and the first three episodes are very poorly directed. The animation, storyboard, story, sound effects, lighting and camera work all look like poor, un-original and unoriginal, and the story is the weakest link. The script is completely awful. The dialogue is atrocious. The characters are stupid. The actors are wooden. The plot is flat and predictable and the actors are poor, as they normally are. I can't believe it. They made me believe this was a comedy. But to me it has a purpose. I hate everything, but this piece of garbage can't even pretend to do it. A small bit of cheese.  The plot and pacing are very uninspired. It's a bore.  I can think of many good ways the writers could have made a better film.  If you want to see an absolutely abysmal film that will knock the film off of IMDb's worst list, then this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is completely unbelievable and you get to know what happened in those years where they were making this movie. You get to see what happens when you are going through life and that is the whole point of the movie. Unfortunately, a film like this could make for a really good film to be released to cinemas after this tragedy hits. You also get to go through the worst part of life in this tragedy, but it doesn't feel like a tragedy. The whole point is that you just don't care, but this film only really wants your attention to be drawn to a single point: what happened when your mother died. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very short, very predictable and very unfunny movie, though it's not without some of the worst films ever made. The problem is it doesn't go into the genre of science fiction and fantasy like "A Trip to the Moon" does. I didn't see the movie in a theater and saw it with friends (yes I'm a film-goer). The other problem I had is I didn'T seen it with the same friends who had just had a few beers, which seemed to be the same type of friends I had previously had, and I didn;t even see a movie with friends who I'd just had just watched "Troll the World" with them (I had no idea how "Tron the World", "The Lion Guard" and "Guardian of the Rings" are all made, but this just adds to the list of films I would HAVE NEVER seen before, but if I could see "Tran", "Guard" and, "The Chronicles of Narnia" I'm not sure I'd have been able to.  I'd give it a rating: 0.9/10. I hope it would go back to the original "Tigerland" (I've already read the book) and be shown off as a science-fiction epic with an ending that was just SO funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is terrible. The acting is terrible, the music is terrible and the acting is abysmal. The actors aren't terrible...well, that's a relief. The only person who made me hate this film was the guy who played the lead, but he wasn't in the movie. But then again, this is not a film for children, but a piece for a bunch of adults who can't stop watching this crap.  In the meantime, the dialogue is atrocious and you get to experience a lot of the characters you've come to love in other "Angels in the Outfield".    Unfortunately, "Angers in the Field" only lasted 4 days, but it has no bearing on "Angsters in the Rain" except for the horrible things that were said, but nothing that will be said.  I won't waste my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's quite strange and the way they present these movies like a horror movie with a twist - but without showing the actual actors - so there's nothing to get your teeth-chewed on. If you're looking for an Americanized version of the movie with the usual actors, you might want to take the time out and see the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell is that????!?!  It is in my Top 5 Movies EVER!!!!!  The main character has the ability to speak German and the only other character (the woman) can do so, but is only speaking the language she is not familiar with. However, the main character speaks a different language than the woman. It is very rare to see in a movie. It also has the worst movie ever in a bad film with the worst acting I have ever seen. The man is completely bald and wears a black coat (that is the ONLY thing he could get in the movie, but it is completely uninteresting and if you want to waste your time you will do so. I hate movies of people talking. But, it was boring and predictable and so i saw it anyway.  The girl, however, is boring and very uninspiring as she is supposed to be. It makes you hate her so much.   I was extremely disappointed in this movie, it seemed to have absolutely no interest in making a decent movie, she just wastes away in a shopping mall in a school. She thinks that when she is a teenager, she will just go and meet her parents. That, however... it was so boring, you will hate her forever. It had the worst part of the movie where the guy was talking to the girl. I don't think it was at all. She just is boring. But... she is stupid, but what is she supposed to do?  I just wanted to say "HELLO", but it was too predictable. So, go make a movie about teenagers and do something better. It would be fun!  If you hate the movie at all, go and make a film about anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film adaptation of this novel is the result of an ongoing controversy concerning race, class, and power in this country. The lead character, the lawyer, is the only African American who has seen his dream realized, but the characters of African American and Mexican American households (both families) and the people of the town are both white. The film contains both an unspoken critique of racism and a strong message of solidarity.  This is an insult to the intelligence of any American, who doesn't know about racism and who isn't paying attention.  The actors are uniformly unpretentious and they don't pretend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is about two of the worst films I've ever seen. I've seen this film at least once in a cinema: I've been looking for a movie to watch, but I've come to hate it ever since. I'm going to tell you right now, the reason you hate this film is because it has a "bad script".  The main bad thing that this film has going for it, and I mean really, the script is so bad, it almost has to be written by a 6-year-old. But that is an average.  The script is a real pain for writing. It is one of the major reasons this film got so much bad reviews, though in fact I can say this film was the worst film I've had to endure. There are many times when I wanted to bash this film (which, by the way, was the main reason I watched it in the first place), but I won't do that for two reasons: First, the acting was so poor, but it didn't mean the movie was a piece of trash. Second, if you think the main fault lies with the writing, but then I can just say I am sorry if you have ever said anything that wasn't true. You would be forgiven.  My biggest complaint with the film was its "mediocre" acting. I mean "mediocrity" is not going to cut it. If you're a film-goer and you have seen this movie at least twice, you will feel your pride. This film is, on the other hand, about the worst I've EVER seen it. But if you're an ordinary person, you don't give this much of a chance in your life. But to be honest: A lot of the main actors were just OK, but they weren't so good, and if you had watched this film in an ordinary cinema: DON'T SEE THIS FILM!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this is a B movie, I found it somewhat disappointing, but with nothing new to say, nothing new, nothing original to say. This movie has been in my list of worst movies ever, but unfortunately, nothing can save this. I'm glad that I got to see this film, but I can't help but to think "Why would anyone waste time with a sequel when a sequel is a waste of time and a sequel has no purpose?  This is the worst thing that I have ever seen in my life, but only because I couldn't care less. This is just another excuse to be a total waste of a piece of B-movie. I wish they made more of these movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. I'm going to give it 2. The plot and dialog are completely uninteresting and they can't even think, in general. The dialogue is also bad.  Avoid renting. Avoid even watching this in an English-language movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and is not strong. This is why the main character can become invincible. So, that is why, if the hero dies, he becomes invincible and unbeatable. So it is because the main hero has the power to turn invisible and invincible, but the main heroine cannot. She is an ordinary person, who doesn't have a power beyond ordinary human strength, but she is also the hero. She can become invisible, invincible and she can become a vampire. She becomes a vampire, she turns invisible. Then, the main protagonist has to fight against a vampire and kill it, then the vampire becomes invincible. The vampire's blood can save humans, and kill the hero instead of a normal human, but it doesn't matter what the hero turns into. So the vampire turns invisible and a normal vampire turns invincible, the vampire is the main and main protagonist. It is not the main vampire or vampire hunter who becomes invincible either.  So if the main characters are vampires and the vampire hunters become vampires, the characters who are normal humans or humans turned to vampires become invincible and the main heroes become the vampires themselves. But if a vampire kills a normal person, the vampires becomes invincible too, and that is the reason why the vampires become invisible.  The hero can become immortal too, but he can't become a zombie. And the vampire hunter becomes a zombie, he turns into a zombie and becomes invincible to normal humans. The main hero can fight against zombies and he can turn into a vampire himself.  There are vampires in the game that you cannot fight. And a vampire can become the main or main protagonist if the heroes don't help the vampire. So vampires become human and the vampires turn into zombies. But it is not enough. You have to choose the right hero and a right vampire, the right vampire hunter and a vampire who turns into human, he is not a vampire hunter or a zombie vampire.   The main villain becomes a killer and his henchman becomes a normal man. The vampires go to a monastery and are attacked by human hunters. But they become the victims of human hunters too, the human hunters become the vampire and the human hunter becomes the vampire too, they become vampires themselves and they become a killing machine. So even though you can turn your hero into a human or you can choose to kill the human, you must kill the vampire before you can kill the vampires. And even though the vampire hunt is only a game, it is still a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a bit weaker, but the actors and camera work pretty good as usual. The plot is predictable, but not for long. In fact, the actors work well enough to create a movie where people act like they are being watched by a large audience. If only a couple of hours of a movie could have been made without relying on a third party to build up the plot. But there is really only one way a person could have made a movie that would have been even remotely funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The worst thing about this film is the lack of originality of the director - who would dare to cast a director that had this level of original intent in his production.  The main point of view in the beginning of this film shows a group of five people having sex together - a group that is not in the least bit of danger here.  This production could have been better - especially the acting. At one point in the film, the lead actors appear very real and the script is un-necessary (I will give this director a chance). The main problem of the film is that the lead actresses are, and should be, unattractive and the men are of course unattractive.  Avoid viewing this film at your peril. If you're a man - don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main characters are a bunch of friends with identical names, but there are two big problems. One of them becomes the main character.  This is a movie of the first two problems with the film.  It's basically the movie equivalent of "Gone With the Wind" meets "The Dead and the Damned"  The actors are all played by the actors from the original novel, which is by far the most memorable work of this entire trilogy.  So much of the material is completely wrong, but the mistakes are mostly at the story, and at the acting. There are a few plot holes, but none of them is particularly terrible. The direction, the production design, the sets, the cinematography, the dialogue and the music are just terrible, terrible, stupid mistakes. But, that's what this is. But not for the actors, but they were badly conceived. There's a lot of material to criticize.  In short, the only problem I see with this is that it lacks the depth of the original trilogy, but it also lacks the intelligence of "The Lost Boys", which is one of the biggest mistakes I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor, the dialogs are weak, the story are weak. The only problem i have with this movie is the music. The script is weak and i don't understand why the plot is the main problem, but the film is badly told. In the past, it was a huge disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about sex, but it turns out not to be. I have seen it since college, and my opinion of it was negative.   This movie is extremely unimpressive and predictable, but I also found it to be a waste of time. The music was uninspired and the acting was forgettable and the script was the most predictable part of the movie. The rest of the cast was pretty average (i think it's OK to be the one in a movie with a plot like this).  There are also some plot holes: the sex and love between two guys could've been taken literally any time, but, as one might expect, there are several of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie was by way of being one of the worst movies ever made!  The story line was dull and uninteresting. As I said before, I think that line is a real distraction for anyone looking for a movie about a failed art-house film.  The acting was just OK and I found the film very watchable. I had read and understood all the words. I'm not exactly sure why this was such a bad film, but this is one of those movies that I'm glad I saw so many times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say to all that I've seen this film on a plane before it went into production. He looked like he was walking out of a cave, because he could have made it without anyone being in the plane at the time, but this was the worst of it. But at that point, the film looked like it was shot in a hurry, but it was really badly edited, but there was nothing special to say about. It's pretty much the same story as the first two films. But it was just a couple of years earlier when the first film was shot, but when I've just watched this, I was not impressed enough to go over to the other films to see if it was supposed to be better than the first one. But then, I went to look at some of the bad effects, and I really did not know what a lot of people thought was the point. It was just one more excuse for "film", but unfortunately, it also failed to tell the story I'm hoping I've got to tell about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is only marginally amusing or enjoyable. The rest of the film is full of boring mistakes, such as making it impossible to believe in. In fact, if you are a fan of the movie and have nothing better to do, go ahead and watch this.  It's not the film's fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am quite certain that I have watched enough movies with the same name and the name "Dante" in it's title. I was surprised that the acting was good, but not convinced that the film is in the worst shape. But what about this? This film is a big disappointment from a film that's not made in the first ten seconds. The production values of the film are excellent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only reason I will watch this movie after a long and boring vacation to Cuba and Nicaragua. And the one good thing about this movie is the fact that there's a scene where the camera pans away from the group to a close-up of a soldier's genitals and sees his hand. This movie is a bit too long for me and I'm not going to bother with this film any more. It's really a sad mess. The only thing I can even say is that this is the worst thing in the whole movie ever. It also doesn't do it justice.  If you want to get into a real borefest of bad film making, you'll have to take a trip to Mexico. If you're an average Mexican citizen, you will laugh your ass off when you read this review, and you will never look at yourself in the mirror again, unless you like to see yourself in your mirror in front of a big mirror. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only other movie worth seeing is the one that was the result of some really interesting production. The plot has its problems and it becomes very difficult to believe in. This has really been one of the worst movies I've ever seen and only one. That's why this movie has lost it's 1 star. If you are a huge fan of the movie, you should see this movie first and then tell your friends and family what you think the movie is like. The production values should be raised and lowered just because it is so bad and pretentious. This is the only movie I've seen where the production values are really lower than the movie it's made on and only other film I've liked that is really poor. It's no fault for people who rated this movie 1, 2 or 3. It is really boring as the result. It does not deliver the goods and the production quality is way too low as is the case with movies like this and I can't even call this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen in a long time, but even after this disaster, it is still one of their worst disasters.  But the film itself is not without its own calamitous mishap: a total of four scenes were shot during the filming, but were apparently shot with a flash of green light, like the ones from "The Fog of Oblivion," "Dark City," "Con Air," "Black Rain," "Polaris." There's a lot of red and green in this film, but these disasters are mostly of a different sort, with one scene where the camera gets the same treatment as they usually get.  The other four scenes, in turn, have been chosen for "distinguished" consideration by the American Film Institute.  It's the only way the director could have chosen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately for them, a lot of the characters who make their films this film seem to be very thin, if you will let me.  So when I was nine and a half months pregnant, my baby girl was delivered prematurely and in the next few hours, I decided it was my fault. It is very disappointing and disappointing and sad. I am sad about the poor film and its horrible effect on my psyche. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the original "The Naked Gun" and have watched it almost every single day for 40 years. I'm not a fan of "The Dirty Dozen", "The Hunt for Red October", "Silent Hill", "Resident Evil 4", "Last of Us", "Tomb Raider" or "Terraria".  The plot is poor and boring. But after the sex scenes are done and "The Devil" gets involved, the violence begins. That's what you'd expect from "The Dead". The movie had one of the most dullest of movies I have ever seen in my life. But, there's one scene where the main character says, "I am a real virgin". But he then gets in a car, drives it to a desolate desert wasteland and falls in love with a girl. In the original novel and the original screenplay, the main man gets to decide between love and rape. But it's clear from the beginning that the story and the violence are only going to become worse. But the violence happens, but the main characters get into a relationship. The man gets hurt and the girl goes along with him to die for her.  "The devil" is not the one who makes the film. The main man then begins to kill the devil with a bolt of lightning. There are no demons at all. There is a mysterious demon named "The Ghost".  No character dies, no character comes out of it alive, but everyone else dies. The movie is awful about people who are just going to die (but, at what cost?) and it's not even about killing anyone.  No characters are boring. No character gets killed. No characters get killed by lightning bolts.  That's all I can say for myself. The film is poorly constructed, but when I watched it I was so angry that I wanted to kill everybody in the film with my bare hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this film and saw the terrible effects of the effects is the script. I'm a huge fan of that film, but I'm not going to waste my time or go into this film knowing that I like it. It.   I can honestly say I've seen worse movies since I've watched it. My girlfriend went to see this film for Christmas. She felt embarrassed that her 3yr old daughter and I watched that film for Christ's sake.  The worst I can say is that I think this film was a terrible movie. This movie's script is poor. The acting is bad and the script could have been written by a 3yr kid who is supposed to have a lot of imagination.  I don't know how it feels to be an adult, but as I watched the film I felt sick, and I was unable to stop myself from turning it off, but it's only because I was in the movie. I wish I knew how to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little bit predictable if you think you're watching a film you don't want to waste any time looking. You'll be sorry for wasting your time. This movie really shows you the end. All in all it's not so much of a film. You just think you need to watch this film, but, as it was written in the worst English I could manage, I think I did. It's like they made the movie with the characters that the producers had designed from scratch. You don't get that anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem of the movie "Vampire Boredom"  The vampire bores are a metaphor for our own inner life, but the vampire boredom itself is a metaphor against ourselves  I saw this movie over a hundred times when I was a kid. And my daughter still watches it. In this movie it is worse than it was in the "The Vampire Diaries." The acting is poor and the writing is bad. But I saw it only a few months ago, but I still didn't like this movie. My daughter says "If you have kids, take the DVD and watch it on TV. The movie doesn't even work. But it wasn't my favourite movie either, but it wasn  I saw it when she was 4 years old in 1998. She hates it and I didn't. She thinks it was my fault and she doesn't want me to watch it because she hates my sister.  I can tell she hates this movie because she has seen it and the movie was only just a disappointment and not a waste of time.   I don't know why my daughter has said these things. She says "My mother hated it" because her friend said my sister hated it. So I gave it to her as a gift. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when i was eight years old. The script was very bad, but the actors were totally terrible and the characters were very unlikable. I thought they were very unemotional, but i could say the same about the script for this movie.  In conclusion... the movie "Tyson: The Game" was a joke I had heard for decades and was not happy about it at all. However I am VERY frustrated with this movie... but i did not say it was a good movie, but it was very disappointing. I gave it a 3/10 (out of ten).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one is a really bad movie, though it is an absolute bad movie! The original movie is the one that gets me. The plot is stupid and is one of the worse movies I have ever seen. It It and the rest of the movie are just some of the worst. All other parts are bad and idiotic! I have to give this a 2 because of the bad acting, it is the only movie I have seen with this problem. A man is trying to kill the police officer, but he manages.  The plot and character development are the main reason to watch this movie. I really hated this movie because it is so incredibly unbelievable, and I hated it because it was one of many examples of the idiotic way Hollywood made movies. It also had nothing to recommend.   If you do not understand or are not able to follow the plot of the whole movie, I suggest you don't watch this until you are ready to deal with an actual brain cell dead movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a great one and if you want to see it, go see it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that you are a kid who thinks that Santa is real. When the movie ends you leave Santa's house in the dark and find a boy who looks like Santa - the result is the worst possible Christmas Evil!  The film is an utter disaster!   The acting is atrocious, there are some scenes that are just poorly acted, so it's worth watching if you have an ounce of patience.  The worst thing about the movie is the lack of a plot, which is so poorly written that you can just see the movie and see what they had in mind for Santa. You will never understand.  I think I can just give this movie a rating of 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film in a rental store in Seattle for almost a quarter of a century later.  A couple of years ago, a man named "Dennis" (Lorenzo Roncalli) and his wife (Shelley Taylor) decide to have their family cremated and the ashes spread around the family plot. They are both deceased and have a whole lot of friends.  All in all, the movie is about two families. The story is boring and it's very predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this film it was on a college campus in my hometown. It's very easy to see why it was terrible, but very hard to find out why it's so awful. The acting is atrocious, with a couple of stand outs including a bunch of the students. I am not convinced that the main character is one of them. The script is also atrocious. The production design is terrible. It seems to be the director's only responsibility. I have been very critical of the actors in this movie and they were all very unknown in my opinion. This movie is bad, but it is a huge bore in my eyes at times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I first saw this movie for the first time in a movie class at a local high school. We did not even think that it was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life.  We have not thought that it is a terrible movie to be watched after an earthquake, but it is just one of the many films I will not watch when i want to see something i don't understand.  I have seen several films in my short life of almost 20 years. All are of the same movie as the movie i saw in high school in 1975. And all have one of many terrible things that this movie does not have. Its a shame to see that there is nothing that can prepare you for the horrible things this movie will create for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character in this film is played by an old man who had a great interest in watching pornography and who would be the first to volunteer for a sperm donation. There are a lot of flashbacks that are really bad scenes where the main character is talking to a group of people he has chosen to live with. Then, we have lots of bad sex scenes, but no nudity. The main sex scene in this movie is extremely weak, and the main characters are supposed to be teenagers. The film does get really predictable when the main couple is having sex. They go from doing it and getting it up to making out like teenagers, but not to the point where they are like "sexually active teenagers" and having sex (although they do have sex and get it up a lot). I just hate the premise. The worst part of the film is when the couple starts having sex, but we are told to expect that, if you are a teenager or even if you just have sex in your bed with a partner of your same age. There is just an awful lot of scenes where we see a man with an erect penis doing something else when his partner starts having a threesome. The story is poorly developed at the beginning of the movie.  The bad ending is completely implausible. I hope you get the joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has many scenes that are so awful, but these scenes just do not match up with the movie, but the movie has scenes in a way that aren't in any way comparable to the movie. The movie is, by all accounts, a very poorly made, poorly acted film.  The acting, direction, sound-mixing and sound-effect sound effects are poor in a very small part of the movie that is either uninteresting or boring. The music, though it's badly written and uninteresting, is very boring.  When you get into the movie it makes you wish you had spent an hour watching it instead of watching it and sitting down to relax for the entire time. It makes you feel like an idiot who just sat through an hour of music without any kind of enjoyment. This movie is so bad in my opinion that it's like a very boring movie that gets to the point where you want to watch more movies.  This movie just made me hate myself so much that I wanted to punch it.  If you are a fan of this movie you will hate yourself a little bit too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is interesting, but nothing else.  The animation is not bad. The character designs are bad at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to forget the main topic of a bad film: the fact that the story in the film was poorly written. It.  This movie has nothing going for it, but that's about as much as I can say. There are only two problems I have with this movie. The acting is poor.  But the most glaring problem with this film is the idea that the main character, the young boy, was a loser (he is an autistic and a very small boy), but that he could not be a loser because the other kid had lost his virginity. But, that is also one of the problems with the film. The story is retarded and the acting is, well, terrible and the movie itself is bad. That's the only reason for a five, not a 10.   I give this film a bad rating (out of ten) because the movie could have been so much worse than an autistic boy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When it comes to The Shining I had to turn it off so I could sleep well. I did not realize that it was a bad picture of some form of hell. But, this movie just doesn't work!  The only thing I can criticize is how the action scenes work. What can i say? I think it was made before the action sequences were even a thing. The only problem i have with this movie is the fact that it is so poor, poor at times. It just doesn´t.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line has been crossed before. It has been done many times before. But this is really bad, just terrible and very low budget (I say that in the movie), but that's not a movie i've seen before. The storyline line is crossed twice because the story line goes from a black to white. The director of the movie, i had the pleasure of seeing a number of movies that were made in the 80s and 90s. The script is terrible, the script is so thin, the dialog is all wooden and uninspiring, the music is terrible. The story line is thinned out in several parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is shot in a large, and this picture is shot at the same time. A total of 14 different angles are visible, but no one is in focus. The characters are the only characters in focus, and we have to give them a reason to be there, but we can do better.  I can't believe this thing ever came close to making a decent film, but I don't see the point of going that far.  Overall, it is a b**d mess. And the music is really awful.   The worst I can say about this movie is that it is about a person who is about to lose their job, because the company is run by the family. But I had to turn it off a few times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise of this movie seems to be that people can choose between two or three movies sets. But the only problem I had with this movie was that it was a "poor film", but it doesn't make sense either. It's a waste of time.    If you're looking for a low budget, amateur movie with a couple of amateur actors, and a bunch of b**tard, and the only time I will admit that the script was at all. The whole thing is so amateurish that it didn't make a lick of sense, or that it would have been a waste if it were made.  The worst part of the film, the part that could have been called "giant", was the part where it could have possibly been better, but only to the extent that the story could have become interesting. I could have gone on. This is just a waste. I don't know why people said it's a "B" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this film, who must have been trying to capitalize on the first of three planned sequels to the original, should have known better. I am just a fan of the original and I really want my money back. I'm not going to write a review of the films to the point of actually giving any of the characters their names, but I am going to comment and try and explain some of the problems I had when watching the film. It is possible to dislike the film as a whole and I highly recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In addition to the movie "Worst Movie Ever" by Kevin Smith and "Patton", there is this documentary (in English!) on the subject of a boy named "C.B." who is bullied because he looks like he has a crush on a girl named "S.C.C." and a boy who wants to have sex with a girl in the village who wants sex with "C." (C. B. is a male, but he's only in the film briefly and there are some really stupid scenes where he gets the girl's clothes off.)  If you can't wait for the movie to be released, don't bother with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what the heck was this?  But I did like watching "Fitz" do everything he can with some very poor and stupid people he's trying to help, but it was because I was really bored, but was really not really.  But when I watched "Flamingo" on the last movie I saw before this, it was actually kind of entertaining, but overall, the movie wasn't even worth watching.  I think the production values are way too low for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know the movie was filmed in a Spanish village. It's been said before, but I am amazed that there's nothing out there worth watching. The only thing that really sticks in my mind when I watched this movie is this: There's nothing to enjoy in the beginning of the movie when a man (Argentina) takes a trip to the village, and he doesn't even know what he's doing. I think that's just because the characters were so young and not so old. But in my humble opinion this was a waste of a bore. There's an excellent cast and a bad-acting "bad guy". I have to give this two thumbs down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So how can I believe this movie was made at that date, but no one has the courage to admit it was made before that date. But how could this movie be made before it began to be so awful. But, then it made itself more so, but what was so awful about this movie? If you want to see a bunch of bad movies, go rent this for the time it will take to see the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. But if you are looking for something else, go see The Grudge, but that's not a movie, but it is another movie. I thought I would never see the sequel, but I only have to see this movie to see what I am talking about, but, even that is just so horribly boring. But then it has such bad writing it would be like watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen. But what could have been in a movie where there is no plot and the action is so predictable that you can predict when they will die.   It.  This film is about an abandoned and possibly haunted island that was formerly known as the "Death Island". The plot of this film is just terrible! The "plot" is predictable. No plot at all.  The acting is amateurish.  One day after viewing this film, I decided I didn't need to waste my time.  I saw the first time it was released, it failed miserably. However, I know that it is just a waste of time. If this is actually the worst I've ever seen in my life it is because I could have easily made the same film myself if I had the time. Avoid this movie unless you think it is about a very poorly written script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, acting and the actors are also terrible. The characters act like they have any idea what they're talking about. This is bad. It It It. It is not. It's so bad. But it is not that bad at all. It isn't that pretentious. It just that the movie is a mess. But, after viewing it the first time you see it, you don't believe it is a joke...just like the movie The Avengers does.  The movie is supposed to be a big disappointment, but it is just a big mess. The actors are all miscast, the characters all wooden. And, the thing is, we already know the movie isn't a joke. And we all know that it is supposed be an insult. But this just goes too far for my blood, which is a really bad movie. But I will get there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only purpose of this film is to establish the "suspects" involved in the crime that the actors are the most likely to have committed the crime (such as the killers themselves), but they're hardly credible, but they are the biggest victims. One scene is particularly disappointing for me: the scene of the dead girl is extremely disturbing, but her death is presented only as an inevitability, but not as a revelation. It has been a while since I've seen any other films with such a premise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast is so uninteresting, but I was really looking to get some entertainment - but it's been like 5 years, and there was a total of 6 movies(s) in there(!) - and, on top of that, there were some other minor plot holes in there.  I'm not entirely sure of what happened during the middle of this film - but there were so many minor flaws I'm sure that nobody will ever see it again.  The film had one minor flaw in it, but none of the major flaws. However, that's it, and no big surprise, but it would have been nice to see some more - not many flaws.   The movie went downhill after the film was released - not by a huge avalanche. I thought it was an okay film to watch, but only because the actors were so uninterested, but they were really not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a movie about a guy who gets attacked by an invisible woman who turns him into a monster.  And then there's some plot. And then the whole thing just collapses into a pile of rubbish, and everyone falls into a coma. A few people have come to be put back in a coffin. But, when they open the coffin they find that it's gone. But that is the only reason the whole movie collapses into mush.    It is just a waste of time - but I thought it was a waste because of its bad effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had so many problems. But its so one of the worst films I've ever had the displeasure of seeing, though its supposed to be from an indie movie, its supposed by far the worst actor I've seen in a bad film.  I'm going to write this negative review because I feel like I've been watching this film for the wrong reasons. I'm really hoping the producers of this film actually care about the actual production costs and production. This is a really really bad film which makes you hate even more. I don't hate this movie, but I sure am going to hate it if it ever makes it through the production pipeline.  It's not like I hated this movie. I really don't think there was any production value in this film whatsoever, but its a waste of time. I've always had really high expectations for films like this. It's like a piece of trash I don and don't like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad. It is so incredibly poor and I cannot believe it to be even remotely funny at all. A very small portion of the movie is just plain awful and boring. They are so predictable.  There is nothing new, but everything is predictable and this movie has the potential to be the worst thing ever in the film history.  So I'm going to give this movie a low rating because of the bad acting. But the worst movie of all this film is the worst. It makes no sense, and the acting is so annoying, but only to the extent that the characters are predictable. The dialog is flat, and they only have a handful of dialogs that are particularly bad.  The music is very boring.  I cannot fathom why anyone would waste their time on this film if the dialogs were so uninteresting. In fact, I do not know why anyone is wasting their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie for my 14th birthday. The other movies I rented was The Prodigal Son, The Invisible Man, and A Dangerous Game. I don't know if this movie could have been a success on the small screen. The problem with this movie is that it is just one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I really don't give the film any credit when I see it and am going to start recommending to my friends and family this movie if they ask me to.  The writing is horrible, and the story is terrible. The ending is awful. But that doesn't really help, but you would never have come to love it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw this movie in my high school English class I found it very painful to watch. I think that this movie is for real. The acting was amateurish, the story was incoherent and the story lines were incoherent.  The characters were poorly drawn. I really wanted to like this movie, but I only saw it in my English class this year. I found this movie to be an incredibly bad movie which made no sense at all.  I just hope that the story line is going to get any worse and that this is going back to the drawing board. I do not understand the entire story line at all and am sorry to see this movie for what it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie goes downhill. The writer and director try to get the rights to make the movie again. This is their attempt at a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is some film-making that is not bad, but they still get bad reviews on here because they were not paid for. But, like any other movie, this one is too long and drawn out (as I understand it, it was all set in a dark, sparsely-lit forest.) It just doesn't work. The forest scenes are the worst. It's not really the worst that I can think of. The acting is OK.   I was very impressed with the acting, but I just wanted to comment about the movie and not the script and direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie was made during the year 2002 (the year it came out). This movie is terrible to me. Itself.  This movie was about a bunch of students who got into a major event in a major city, and went missing.  The plot was extremely predictable, and the direction and script were, if not boring, predictable. It was like the beginning of a movie, but it was not that great. But, it was the worst movie I've ever seen. It will make you go "WOW" to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate this movie because the cast was mostly unknown and this movie looked so bad. But this movie also looks like it just looks like a waste of time-wasting. The story is bad and is very bad, but it is still not that bad at all. The film is a pile of waste that's a waste that can never be. I don't understand why they didn't use some of the time-hogging script, but they should have cut the film off at the right time. The bad writing, badly shot and poorly directed acting have to be expected of a movie that has no story. I give this a 2 because it is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing here that isn't supposed to be bad.   If you see a bad-ass vampire-killer movie, this should come close to a good vampire movie.  Unfortunately, we get a little more than that with this film: the acting was lousy, the plot was clichéd, the story was thin, the actors were not terrible. It was really awful and predictable (though, not as clichéd).  I really like "The Vampire Project" movie, but I am not in the Vampire Project community.  The vampire-hunter part was boring, though there wasn't anything to see here to be confused about, so long as the movie didn't have a lot going for it. You may not have been one of those who really liked it, and if you are, you may not like it, so it was better if you saw it.  I'm in the first wave of horror movies enthusiasts and this film just got me thinking about what is going on around me, but it is a really poor way to have my opinion on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing missing in this movie is the woman she is supposed to have married. She doesn't want to get married because she is going to be alone forever. She just wants to be married for life and she wants a lot more. She wants to do everything in her power to have it, even to live until she dies. If she lives until that point she is an old woman who can only get married for eternity. Then she meets a man whose time has been measured. He dies just like everyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It has only been in the last 5 years or so, but it a very bad movie. They also have the first time they have ever been in a movie like this.  However, this is the kind of film that only appeals to fans of The Shop Around The Corner. But it has the same problem. The script is pretty unoriginal. It's way too predictable, and the plot is way way predictable, though they are a little uneven, but the result is that the characters are all too flat and predictable.   That said, the character development is not a terrible problem, but an annoyance to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very strange film that features a group of teenagers living on a farm in a rural Ohio community that is completely abandoned because of a tornado, is called "Tornado". These teens, who have just moved in to their farm after having been abandoned by their parents, are forced to work on their own farm, but they have nowhere to go and nowhere to stay.  I was looking forward to this film to see if it was a film that had something to say or was a drama. It's only sad that, when the tornado struck in 2007 it didn't look like a total disaster. A film so full of tragedy that it really sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even going to review this movie for this movie's sake. I saw this movie as recently as it was the only movie I saw that really showed the kind of talent I thought that would ever have shown. I gave it a 1 when I bought it. But I gave this movie a 1 because of its length and for the actors that acted in it. I give this movie an 1 for its script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a Japanese woman who marries a Japanese man (Natsuo) makes this movie all the more difficult, and it's probably the movie I've seen the most. It's probably one of the worst films i've ever seen because its like a Bollywood version of "Sesame Street".  The dialog was poorly done and the animation was awful and the music was terrible and the sound was awful. The plot was the worst. I hated the idea that "it was" a B-movie, but there is absolutely no redeeming reason to waste your time on this movie except for the fact that it's about a woman who becomes pregnant in an Indian village and is pregnant the same as an American woman and has her kid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed and smiled all day when this movie was on the shelf, but nothing made sense. The plot was predictable, but the dialogs were not.  The dialog was predictable and predictable, at least. But nothing made any sense, except when it came to life. The characters were predictable, and the plot was just predictable.   I don't know why it would matter if the movie was predictable. A typical movie will have its point and end in a typical movie, but not its point. But at the same time, the movie is boring and uninteresting. There are not even enough characters to make you care. But then again, if this movie had a point, and you had to sit through 10 lines of dialogue, you have to sit thru 10 lines for every character. The script doesn't make sense. This movie was boring and predictable. Not like it would happen within a minute of the beginning, but even with a point it is just boring.  I'm sorry I spent my time watching this movie. This is just another example of a bad film. The actors are actors (well, the writing) but there was not enough in this movie to merit a rating of 1.1. The movie is like an episode of TV, except it does not need to be the main focus of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I will rent, even when I know I can make a movie of my own. I have to say, they really did a decent job and I have no intention of renting it.  I really hope they will make another movie, but after viewing this movie, it had me thinking I could make something even more like this. It had me asking for it. I hope they do. The cast was OK, the direction was OK (I didn't even like the actors; I was disappointed with the way they made this movie) but I thought the movie itself didn't have much of a chance because it was so predictable. But that was it. However, it did give me the idea. This movie had me wondering if it was possible to write a movie that would really shock the crap out of me and I didn't like it. No movie like this has ever been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has had its share of problems. It seems as if this is all there is to see and to learn, but this was just a mistake in film making. The story was a little weak. But the characters in this film were just awful and easy to dislike, but the script was a mess of cliched. What do you think? If you enjoyed this movie, you should be pleased and support it more if you find this to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie was about a former high school football star, who the narrator said, was in the wrong. The movie opens with a scene that seems like the beginning of the end.  The movie ended with a lot of explosions, explosions, and explosions.  It ended with several explosions, a lot more explosions, more explosions in general, and a lot less explosions than before.   The problem with the movie isn't even that there are explosions, but the ending of the story wasn't that interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bit boring. The script, acting, directing, writing, etc, are awful. This movie doesn't have any of the plot that the previous ones have. The plot is crap bad, but it still doesn't suck, but its one of the worse movies ever made and its the worst movie I've ever seen the year of 2001.  What a load of chumpies!  I just saw this movie years ago, because I was a 15 year old boy.  I'll go watch the first movie (it's pretty short, and its got quite a few jokes). This is the worst kind of movie I have ever seen and I doubt that anyone would care if I didn't, but this movie is so unbelievably bad that it actually made me want to scream.  And the worst part is when you have a really big bad movie. It's not the movie itself that sucks, but the guy who had it on TV that year was so, so bad that I wanted to choke on him, but I was told he had an excuse, but then the movie had no redeeming qualities and it didn't even entertain me. He made the movie so he could get into his car and drive off to the store to buy the new DVD's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not even all that bad. The movie fails in one scene. The ending has a few moments where the characters really struggle with what they are seeing. The characters all have the same facial expression that we saw in the preview for this movie. The only difference is that the characters have different facial expressions. This film is too predictable for its own good.  I give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you don't care at all about the quality of the movie, watch this video, and it will make you jump.  This video is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this film is quite possibly the most disappointing thing about bad movies I've ever seen in my life. It's Bad Movie. I think most of the actors were alright, but that is really the only reason this film has a 1 star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie was very much like the worst movie I've ever seen in a while. But since I thought this movie to be the worst film in the world, I felt like I was watching some kind of film and not some sort of B movie. I had the same kind of problem when I thought the story was the worst. If I didn't think the story is the problem, I'll be watching some sort film. I hope it's not a movie that I can turn off when I want to feel something. I watched this movie for like 7 minutes and a half.  My vote of 4 is because I think this is a film for people that are mentally challenged that want to see something they've never seen before. I thought it was a film that could be watched 3 times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say this much... I can. What you're saying? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's too bad. I can't even say that. If you've seen the film with the bad guy, you know this movie is not real, but not real. I was expecting this to be about two people trying to rescue a little kid. This is about a little boy named Dylan. The ending, by the way, is very weak, but then again I guess it could have been. It's like the book.  I'm sorry. I thought this was going to be my first movie ever. My friends were like "Dylan was great". You can still laugh at them because they know Dylan didn't get any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just that. It's sad when people say that this is the worst movie ever made. But the thing with the worst problem is, well, I am not sure if people actually agree. The ending is really, really bad. If you don't believe me, ask your friends what they think about this movie. They will laugh hysterically, but they won't know what the problem was. I hope the writer and director didn't try to be funny, but at the end of the day you have to live your life.  The DVD doesn't even come close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film after I saw it in a video.  In the end, the filmmaker claims, "My life was ruined forever", but that doesn't make the film any good, but it has its share of mistakes.  My Grade: F   The filmmaker claims he made the movie in the USA. If you can, give this movie a look, because you might learn something that you didn't in any of the films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors in the movie were very poorly written in a scene where the two young lovers of the father were having sex. I don't know why they felt the need to write subtitles. But that's the only reason I remember this movie in my life. But I'm not going to watch it because I'm stupid. But because I have no time. And I've got to work. It's about two people having sex because they both know they're going to die. But then there are three other guys. The third one has a kid and it's a boy. And it's just one stupid scene of three guys having sex and having sex in a really horrible way. But it's not that funny. You know that right.  There are some people out there who think this movie was just awful. But they've got some problems. But those aren't going to happen. And this movie is only one of them. But there are many of them and they all need to know about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There were a few problems with the story. When the story finally comes to an end, it becomes very predictable.  But this is by far the worst case. Even after the final credits roll, the movie looks like it will end soon.  This is an example of the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. This is worse than I've heard about bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I say this film sucks, I think it's because this film got all the ingredients together into one big pile and ended up with an ending that leaves you feeling like you're in heaven. But the ingredients were so very tiny, but you know what I mean.  I mean, a great comedy. But as I said before, this film is one that is not at all. When I sat down to watch this film, I felt like I had been punched in the face. But I'm an intelligent guy. I know that it was the most predictable of comedies and that it's more of a funny movie than "Bubba" and "Coco".   I don't think it could have been one of the worst comedies in the world. But, I really didn't. The cast is so average. I was surprised that this film has managed to be a cult classic in the modern world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way this movie is rated, but only just doesn't work (even though its rating was 2.5/10). This film is terrible, and it has the worst of the worst movie I have ever seen.  So its like "hey, its about a virus spreading, but this virus is spreading faster than a flu virus, and its the virus that kills everyone. In fact, it kills everyone, but its the flu virus that wipes everyone out.  Then again its not very scary, but the whole thing is sooooo boring, the plot gets really bad.  The ending is the worst virus I've ever seen, but if I knew this movie was actually really terrible or something was really happening (that would be good), I would be scared to see it again.  But that would be a waste of time, because they had the movie, the movie was good, and the virus was not killing anybody. The only downside I can think of is the way that this virus spreads.  In the end the virus itself just gets killed off because its getting really old (but only one way.    I mean, really, I'm trying to do something funny and interesting by watching this movie, but I don't care. If the virus had the virus, then its a really lousy virus, but all in all its a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You're going to see this in the future when the movie starts to get really popular, and you'll probably hate it. The movie starts out badly, but the rest of the movie is quite dull and boring and uninteresting, but it is one of the worst movies I've seen in a while. The first few minutes of the film I actually felt sorry for the acting (although I didn't expect much from an actor). The acting could have been the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a huge fan of "B" this movie is one of my least hated. It Was an insult to me. The main villain is the one we were used to seeing. But if you have no idea what you're looking at, you will laugh and you will feel good.  This movie had some very good actors. This movie is a joke, and it was the only one I have ever seen that was "bored" by the fact that it is one big, bad movie. This isn't bad, but it wasn't all that good. (B)   What else can you expect out of this movie? A great deal of stupidity and stupidity is going on, but only when the movie ended? You had to see this if you are looking for a huge joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main purpose of this movie is to prove that you can achieve success by following a few rules. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has some of the worst and most unpleasant aspects of the book, but we have to put the blame for this mistake to others.  The first time I saw this movie, my jaw was hurting and my throat started to bleed. However, I am not even sure where the other mistakes lie. I do not understand how the writer and director got involved and why they should be allowed to continue.  A total of three errors are committed by the cast and crew: an incorrect spelling of the title, an unprofessional, unimaginative production style and an overly long, boring and undemanding story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a young couple living together (the husband is a doctor and the wife is a photographer) and the husband's job and his girlfriend's job. The couple are separated when the wife decides to leave him and start a new life with another man. The wife is still married, but the husband and the girlfriend are getting older. The husband is 32, the wife 29, and they live in a suburb of Tokyo. They meet in this new life together, but only one of them (the woman) has any experience at all. There are two older people living together as friends and they know that their parents are going to die and they talk to each other in person all the time.  What happened is that they had problems about getting older and becoming a father or mother, and there was no love between them and their boyfriend, but when their relationship breaks apart because the husband decides to take up with another woman, and the woman's life begins to get simpler (which is what the husband thinks is going to happen) the other woman is more experienced and learns that they cannot do this if there is no love. The only problem in their relationship was that the husband is younger and the other is the wife and they do not have much in common. The plot of the movie was terrible and the mother was very bitter.   The movie was not bad, and neither was the story of a married couple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are no known good movies: a few things I liked: 1:  The story is a bit dull. but I guess it is, but they are terrible and very dull.  The acting was weak and weak. but it was all the same and I was just bored. it was a very dull movie. i have no clue how it got its name and when i saw this movie i just thought it was so much worse. but nothing is dull in the movie.   There is no real storyline. but if the movie could make this movie, it could at least be a real movie and not just a "horror" horror movie. I was hoping this movie was just a horror movie that was going to kill you. the characters are boring, but nothing about the story, but it is dull. a "jokes" are the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not as a movie - the plot is weak and I think the character should be the main character, but not as "so-so", but the character is a little bit stupid.   The script is badly written. However, there are still a couple lines that I can't figure out. The characters are just bad and that makes me want to scream "I'm a guy who likes movies and likes you" when I'm trying to. And, that's not all that's wrong with this movie. I could have expected it to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen because they could have produced a more good movie. It's all the same kind of movie which just fails when trying to be a "horror" horror film.  My Grade: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has all the worst acting i've ever seen. But what's this supposed to mean. This is a major disappointment, but it's bad...  The only reason i haven't given this movie a 1:1.5.   I know that i've been on a journey to enlightenment. It's not like "Hey, you need to stop meditating, stop meditiation, stop meditation" but when it comes to things that are meant to be mind-blowing and beyond, i just don't know where the hell it will be when i hit the enlightenment.  So if you like this movie, and want to stop listening to me, and you know that meditating and praying to Jesus and Buddha are a bad idea, and that you should just stop meditative and stop praying to "God". I'll stop meditation myself because i want to.  I don't care if you're just going to read the book for christ sake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've just seen this film several times and decided that it wasn't as bad. In the end it's all downhill downhill from hell as we all know it is. The idea is that this film could have been great and that it would have made this an "important" film for many years to come. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is based on a rape at a university. That's not a good enough reason to waste your time on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak, but the dialogue was weak. However, it was only weak because of the script and dialogue. If you see this movie it will be the only time I've ever been disappointed with a plot, but it was a waste of time. I had to laugh out loud when watching this movie. It wasn't funny. There were a few scenes I didn't like. I can't even write a positive review about it: The main character was very wooden.  Unfortunately I've seen this movie many times without laughing out loud. It was very boring. But it was definitely not the worst movie I've watched in the last five years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is bad, but only because it's too dull and pretentious and predictable, but also because its a bit like an "American Indian", but that doesn't really count. But for a guy who grew up in a single room in a house surrounded by a large Indian family and is the last remaining living member of the clan, it's just too predictable, and just that, but there's no actual plot either, but the jokes are terrible, well, awful and there's nothing else to do with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are several excellent choices in this movie and others.  There was one glaring problem with this movie; the dialogue seemed awfully wordy and very artificial and unrealistic for the young reader and the movie is a fun exercise in this genre.  One of the many flaws in the movie, one that I found especially offensive and uninteresting, was a very unentertaining and implausible story line.  It's one thing to have a very good story; it's not one of many problems. But it's hard to imagine just how bad, and I've certainly not seen the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is only for the viewer. There is no one in the cast that I have ever seen. But the main reason is that I don't know who they are. No matter, the movie is bad.  The last few minutes of the movie, is truly terrible. The main problem is that it goes on for nearly 45 minutes. A man jumps off a bridge, and the man falls off a balcony to his death. The two main characters, and their co-workers, are badly hurt and barely alive. A group of women and two men are killed at a ski resort. There are few others, but they are so desperate that they almost have to get up and beg for help. They are, by and large, not in their right minds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I could think about was "I think it's a bad film to say it's really bad and terrible, but that's a different story." This was just a bunch of b-grade "A word for" type garbage. I'm not convinced by "Word for" it is a word we should use in real-world situations. We should instead use "Word". The only way I can think it is possible for this kind of movie to achieve "Word", in the "real world" (which is the best way I've seen), is if a word for "A Word for" and "Word" were to merge together, making a new "Word Word Word" for "Word." The result is a movie where the only way the characters can understand this word is by looking at something they've written.  In fact, the only thing this movie could achieve was to create two words. "Word World", "Word Words", " Word Word Word". I've never seen the film, but I suspect it's so bad (but I don't know anything about it). "Word words" is a good metaphor. "It" isn't. The word for word is a metaphor we use when we're talking about something we've made a word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But after about 4 minutes (or 2.5 hours in most cases) he has enough time to have sex with a woman who he has been watching with his wife. And that, he claims, makes the sex act look like rape. He has sex with his pregnant wife (a girl, who's not pregnant). And she's pregnant! The husband's pregnant. But he has sex without contraception. There is no pregnancy, but there is no child, but no child is there. But the pregnant wife of this man is not pregnant. The pregnant wife is not even close to being pregnant. He is pregnant with the father's child, and so, the father and his partner are, in theory, married. They have sex without any protection against pregnancy, and there's no child. It is not uncommon for the man to have children, but that doesn't help either. If he gets a girl pregnant, she is pregnant too. And he has two girls, his mother's daughter. His youngest daughter, his only child. He can have sex and get pregnant with more than one girl, but not the girl who has her period. It's not a normal thing. It isn't normal.   It is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a child. It is a disappointment. It makes me think that I know what a film is like. I don't know what it is like, I just think that it is a waste of time.   But what I think makes the film "suffer", is a movie that tries. Its an average film that tries to make the viewer think that they are intelligent, when they think that the film is really boring. Its a movie where the main character thinks that they have discovered a religion that they don't believe in. Its very much like a religion. Its just a pity to see this movie. I mean, its a waste.  The only problem I had with this movie was that I didn't like it and had to like it. I really do not like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a lot of the worst movies I've ever seen: The acting is poor, but the dialogue and plot are awful. But the bad acting isn't anywhere near as bad, but they aren't horrible enough either. It isn't awful!  The problem is, that a lot more people will know how bad. That's it. You have no excuse.  This movie is a total bore. I mean, really. Just watch.  The special effects are terrible! The acting was poor.  A real bad actor playing a guy with a gun and a beard (which is, in fact, one of the least tolerable acting I've seen in quite some time, but one that just gets you rolling). The actors were uninspiring, and the script had no story. It's a disappointment to see these actors in their current state. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is quite weak, but it's a little weak, because one movie is so obviously a sequel to a remake of the original "Space Chimps". One major problem is that the film-maker(s) who financed the production were desperate to see the sequel. The previous director (Yasuhito Takahata) has done a good job, but I would have to say the problem is a little too thin. I'm not sure that the production-team were trying to make "SaiTsuki" out of necessity, but there was nothing out of the ordinary in this film (despite the way the acting was so bad... but I also think the production had the worst of the worst parts).  I think the problem could have been resolved if the production team had come clean and admitted the facts about the original (although, of course, they would have been wrong to do so), and there's no problem there. They should have left "Space Chimp", but they were in no way "disappointed". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, there is no excuse for this movie: The acting is poor and the story is poor. I only watched it on a Friday night. I saw it once, but not only did I see it because it was a very predictable film with lots of plot. I found it very boring and very slow. The plot is very weak at the moment because there is not a lot of characters. This film was one of those movies that makes you hate the film and hate to watch it again. I can say that if you really hate this, then you hate anything. If you hate something else, you probably hate something, but this movie was one more.  I found the acting "terrible" and "bad" and the dialogue "terrifying". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see how they can make a joke about this. But I'm glad I didn't have to waste money on this.  In the beginning, everyone is talking like they want to be paid $20. The joke is not funny or clever. I'm thinking there's a really good idea at the end.  The actors are OK. They are either good, like Ben Stiller, and are funny.  I was pleasantly surprised and thankful I only rented this movie for a dollar, but that's the only good thing I've seen. It's only a pity that the movie is really bad - the jokes are really corny, but this movie isn't going to last forever. So if you want to see it, I recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original title of this film was the WORST of the worst movies I have ever seen. The original plot was very bad. Itself was a movie so bad. The other one is the worst film I have EVER seen. It is a very bad movie for me. But the most of the time it is a movie of two people getting into a strange car, one of the people doing it. This is just a bad excuse for a movie.   There are a few scenes which are the worst.  The plot is extremely weak, but it will bore you to tears. If you have to rent this movie, I recommend seeing that one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was so incredibly, in the end, incredibly slow. And at the end they had to say "Well, it" to the next person who had to tell them the truth. But this is still a disaster. But it just isn't one of those disasters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films which has really ruined the lives of the poor by making them into zombies. It It and I think it is an important film for all those who are involved with the film industry who have no understanding of how the movie industry functions. However, that is an opinion not mine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few people in the world who have seen the film in the original and are familiar with it. Most of the people who are familiar to this film are either from their own films, which is one of the worst and most awful things to have happened in the history of film. They are either young. This is not a good film or a very awful movie, but it is not bad, but the movie is way too long to be in the film without any good dialogue. The cast, in my opinion, is one main reason why the film had to be made. If I could do without the lengthy film, I could have lived with this.  The story is a little too convoluted, and there are several things about people who believe in UFOs and God and the universe. I mean, that is a big deal, but if you have nothing to say, just say something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not about a terrible film because the acting is terrible and the script is awful and badly written. It's about the bad scriptwriter who seems to think the writer should have been given more freedom then the director. It That's Stupid...  As a writer and director I have to say this is a bunch of garbage I can't believe I'm in my own backyard.  I watched this movie as a kid in the late 70s and my grade was 1.  There are a few scenes where the camera pans out the back door into the garden with the house in front of it and the dog yawning as the wind blows past it. It turns out I was actually watching a bunch movies when my dad sat in front us and said something like that. I hope you enjoyed it 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the release of this movie, I was very disappointed about this movie. If this is how it is, there's no way I can recommend this movie...but I will tell you that it wasn't that good.  I've watched this movie almost every time I've seen it since it was made in 1994. The story is poor and the acting is poor. The casting is OK, but the plot was terrible and uninteresting. The script is dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this film for two decades. The first and last two times I've seen it in a theatre when I was ten and fourteen years old respectively. The film is also a major disappointment in its history for its very poor script, for its depiction of the worst atrocity of the Holocaust and the most obvious lack of interest it has in the plight of Jews.  This film was actually made during the final stages of World War II and had many actors playing Jews and Germans. Its main actors, especially the two main male Jews played by Ronny Cox and John Ritter, were not even remotely as bad actors as the film is not at all Jews. I hope I have the nerve to say this much! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film in 1993 when I was 8 years old, but was only 12 years old when I saw it on TV.  It's not a sequel! It's a very poor movie, but the acting is poor.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "Blackboard Jungle" then you will love this movie. But if you hate "BlackBoard" then don't watch this movie because you want to. If you have any sense of decency you will never watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has been released to date in the UK with no mention of the original film. The film was released in the US in 1996 to mark the 20th Anniversary of the film. Unfortunately, the original release of the DVD (Australia & New Zealand) came about a year after the original Australian DVD had been re-discovered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that it fails to deliver the full horror. The movie is in black and white. I think that's pretty bad, but I'd like to be able to see this movie in color.  The movie begins when a girl in a ski resort goes to the police officer's cabin and sits on a bed and starts screaming and shouting. The snow outside is falling at a rapid pace because of the massive storm that's blowing in and blowing up the mountain at a speed of about 1000 feet per second. The avalanche scene is pretty much a "mini" of the movie, but that's really about 30 seconds, which makes it a "worse" of a film to many others who've made movies for the entire length of the trip.  I would hate to think that it was the worst thing that I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about a family moving to the new neighborhood, only to find out their neighbor is gay and in love, a film with a lot of humour and heart. If you are a gay, if you are not, don't waste your time at the local gay porn shop.   There are many gay porn and gay sex scenes in this film and not much action at all. It's a bit like an old film and it's a very poor film. You will be hard pressed to find a decent gay porn film, but if you go on a gay porn site you will see everything. The movie is at least watchable and a film worth a couple of bucks, if only to show you just how stupid and farcical the plot is, but then, it's only a dumb movie after all.  The actors aren't bad and I think they got paid for their performances. The main problem I have with this film, was the way in which the gay sex is presented. But it was too gay, not stupid.  I thought this was too much of a joke to be funny and that they spent half a day in the shower and were getting hit by an ice sculpture of a girl getting into a hot tub. The other problem is the plot, it seems like it is supposed to be a "real film" and not a joke. The characters were stereotypical and the gay porn scenes were not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this film was shot in the U.S.A.I.M.A is an American comedy of the same name (A.S.) which is a comedy which is similar to the German comedy in a previous film (A.) which had failed miserably.  I'm surprised that the original German joke is, "You'll be sorry, but you'll love me!" - a joke which is not funny, but rather pathetic, or simply boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, they tell a bunch of students that they are going to be dead soon. The students go to the school and start to learn how to use the computer. They are trying to become better at computers to use for research. They meet one other student, but they learn quickly and quickly. The acting is terrible. The school does a terrible movie as if it were a horror film and a terrible, one-sided sex scene.  It was awful.  All in all, a big mistake. But I don't see it that much. I am only mad. I mean mad. Not like the movie was supposed to be bad and I was supposed be angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had the idea of what movie to make next after this movie. I just thought the cast was in the worst movie ever. I think I'm going to have to see what I've been missing from all this time, but they never showed any emotion. The characters were as thin as a pancake and looked like they were starving. They even looked like the people were walking around and acting like they had a problem. There's a lot of potential with this movie, but it could have been written in 15 lines. It's like the original. The actors were good and the plot is OK. The story is good. I guess you could have done better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the movie and I was disappointed that it was so predictable. In The Wrong Trousers movie they played a couple of sassy and sassy ladies that was not. There was a lady that played an important role that was like a wife, she was just not married. She is a real disappointment as she is one of the most boring female characters that is just there to annoy you and annoy you the rest of the time. There are two types of movie, a comedy film (because of this movie) and a horror film (that is the only type that I know of.) I am not expecting this movie to be the worst movie ever but it is one that you definitely will not like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst thing that ever happened in film. It wasn't. It was a bad film.  It wasn´t. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen that is not made by Lucas. It's just one of those films that only ever exists because someone made the mistake. It´s just the worst film that is made in history. It just so boring that you are like "what?" and have a bunch of friends over to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a high school senior, I saw this film and it was way too dull, but at the end I'm going to write a negative reviewed review about it too much... but, well, this is probably one of the worst films I've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terribly flawed, but the story is too weak to save you from seeing things too. Unfortunately, it's way of saving the world, but with the same result. The movie is way more boring than this, but still not very enjoyable. It does not even convince me that a lot of people actually want to watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is no coincidence that I can't even remember when this movie came out.  The premise is a tad thin for my blood, but it's a good idea.  I really don't care about this kind of thing, but I don't really care about all the "boring" movies either. There are some things in this film I found that weren't funny, but the story is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was an awful movie, but I really can't help thinking of the movie being completely boring.  I give this movie a 2.5/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this movie was made in Japan. It was made for TV.  However the Japanese actors did have the worst of the worst. The script was terrible, the story was badly written, the characters were boring and the plot was flat.  This movie is way below average, but is just nothing compared to a bunch of awful low budget movies I've seen since my junior high school days, and is probably just average. The acting was poor, the animation was amateurish and I have no idea what this movie is all about. I am a huge fan of low budget horror, but I am not one of these folks.  But just in case you are not, go see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But despite all the problems, it is a pity to see the movie. It's like the movie of "The Exterminator", but it's just a pity, but only because its a pity. "The End" of the movie is awful "The end".  I would like to write negative review that in the end of this movie, people should be hanged and sentenced to death without any reason. That was so stupid and unnecessary and that it was so horrible, but I didn't really understand it, it was stupid, but what were they? There wasn't anything original at all and it was not really that bad movie.  All the movie was just annoying and confusing, but they are all boring and predictable to me. But I'm still not sure about the movie itself.  I have to admit that "The Ends" is the only movie that got me to give up watching this movie. Its an annoying movie that will bring me to hate this movie even more. So I don't know why people give this movie such a low rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is really a low budget horror film of the worst. The actors are bad actors, the writing is bad, and the special effects look like something a student might make for a Halloween night. They're all the same actors, but they only play the roles they play. It's horrible and they all get together in a room where they all think they're in the same room, but it's not really a room. It is a whole bunch of people who can't stand the fact that the ghosts are real and not real. That's it. It seems like the movie is trying to be "Cockney" in some weird way, but there's no point, but this is bad. I'm sorry for people who spent the night of Halloween and had the worst, but the movie was bad, but I'm glad to see people who did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for 4 years (1982-1987) as part of the Bicentennial Film Festival. There are a lot of scenes where the police are shooting people, and you just know that there are a bunch of people who got shot, but then they got shot in the back. The badest thing about this film is that the story is not funny at all. You don't get to laugh at all of the scenes where they are shooting and running (the scenes where you see them, but the scenes are also badly-written, uninteresting.    The only scene I saw that was worth seeing was when they stopped running. But then again, they stopped in the middle and then stopped in front of you. The ending was a big disappointment (the last scene, but before that I gave this film a 1-1. It was very hard to dislike this film because there is no romance in the story (except for when the guy wants to be with his girlfriend). But then there is also no reason to watch it as a comedy.  I recommend this to people who have a big problem with the acting of this film and they don't know how to write comedy. You could go see it if you are tired of watching "Full House". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was about a guy who was killed in a plane crash while his friends were inside. In an interview I gave this movie a 3.1, 4, and 5 rating. A low budget horror movie with a killer, a girl who is possessed by a demon and a couple of guys who are possessed by an evil spirit. A couple of the main actors played a couple on a date that they just happened to be on. In the beginning of the movie the guy is shot and a demon comes and shoots him dead and a girl falls from the train.  All in all I am going to give this movie the same 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is terrible, the special effects are horrendous, and the acting is awful.  The film had this quality that no other film has ever done.  But then again, the film only ever seemed to be a disappointment.  So, in a year's time, this film becomes a disappointment that no film has yet.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I like the first one. It just so happens that my husband and I both started complaining about the movie. It seems to be the first movie I ever saw. But it was just so bad that the whole movie had an unhappy ending. I think it was because the movie was so long that you thought they had the writers in mind of making this movie even longer. Then I can't believe the makers of this movie thought they were doing something great. The only problem I have with this movie is that I don't really know what it is. But the movie had no script at all and it really sucked. There's really only one thing that I can rate a 1 or 2 because I have so much imagination and talent. But I have the whole time I expected something creative, artistic and intelligent in a movie that is so lacking in movie-making today. I couldn't tell you what movie this movie was. It is a very boring movie to make you think. I have no clue what it's about, but if you are willing to believe, its just too late. I give it an "F" out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that kept me from giving this movie a 1/10 (because I am a fan of "The Goonies", I am not a fan).  This movie is just plain old. In a way that is only imaginable when compared to other old movies, but it isn't really a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is as shallow as the surface is in this movie. The only problem I have with this movie is that the plot is about the characters. But it's obvious that this is the result of some sort of script that's been written for years. The dialogue is wooden, the direction is wooden and the characters are wooden. But what are we supposed to say about the script, the story, the character development and the character chemistry? The characters are as wooden as you will ever see in a movie. All in all, the result is an amateurish film whose characters are cardboard. But then again the film is not all that it can be.   This is one of those movies where the characters act like children. What else can I say. I would love to see some other films that just show the characters in various situations. What I was disappointed about in this film is the fact that it's made so transparent as to not exist on their own, but then again, I'm not in that sort of situation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, which I saw in the cinema, is about a young couple, who want to move in with their new girlfriend, who has to live alone. But, in spite of this young couple's desperate for a life together, I am afraid.  I can't fathom how this woman is able to convince herself to live her life, without caring a single moment. She wants to keep her life together.  The problem is the woman's determination to keep this life together and, the young couple knows about her life plan and, she does not really care about her own life plan. This is, a mess. But it is a real mess.    I am scared, but, the only thing this film fails is the lack of imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a feeling I could see the movie on a big screen. Then I went and rented this movie, but there were too many mistakes. A lot of these mistakes are in the book, so it is a complete waste of time. I had to turn off the TV before watching it. I can hardly think of a movie to write a negative comment about a waste of film. I didn't even know it was a waste.  I mean, if you want to complain about a terrible movie, watch this movie. It's horrible, but it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It's sad that the book gets such a bad rating because the only thing that really got away is the ending.   I'm going to end this comment before I watch the movie. The book, on the other hand, was bad. I've never read the book. I read the movie first and the book after the movie was terrible. I hope this movie does the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After viewing the first "film" (2002), I was very impressed by the casting and the direction. In 2004, I saw the first movie starring William H Macy. His role was played by John Ritter (of "Being There", "Angels in the Outfield", "The Lost"). The production values were high and the film's cinematography was good.  The plot was predictable and interesting. But, at the end, Macy's character dies and is taken away by a stranger. There is one glaring difference, but there was enough humor in this film that it was not in the slightest bit of a way to be the worst. But then, in 2008, I was really disappointed when I found out that Macy had signed a one year contract for "Being there". I thought that had been a mistake and he had been very good as the guy who knew Macy's secret. He is a guy that has his secrets (and so does his girlfriend). But, Macy died and was taken away in a plane that was crashing.  It wasn't until the final movie, "The Secret of NIMH" (2007), that I found myself wondering if Macy had really been the real person. It wasn`t until that it had been released in a DVD or other format. It had to be. This film has poor acting and I couldn`t even come up with an analogy for why a person would waste his or her time. I did not. He died. I felt he had really died for nothing.  However, I would not recommend this film to people who know very little about it. This is just one of many films that make me think about why you would waste your time waiting for the movie to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of Michael Biehn. I am also a big believer that this movie could have been better. I think it is a pretty good idea, but it's not a good movie, but the movie gets worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film as a teenager and this movie should be titled "My Friend" or something.  There was a lot of problems. But it was one of the worst. It was supposed to be a satire of the film and the movie was made on a very limited budget. The story was the weakest part of the movie and it was supposed by the producer to be one of three things he wanted to get across to the viewers in the theater: the "Mystery Men" with the special powers, the "Scream" and the "Shatter" (with the special effects that we have today). All three are extremely weak when it comes to making a film in which you have absolutely no idea what's going on. The dialogue is the weakest thing to the movie, but the story and special effects were also weak because it was a parody of itself.  The story is not strong in "My Sister." It tries very hard to make the viewer believe that the story is a joke and the film tries to make you think you know what's happening in the story when you don't know. The film was made by a group of people who had no idea how to make a comedy film. And the movie ends at exactly the right time. That's my only complaint, but it's a waste of a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As i said in the previous comment i just finished watching this film when it came out, it was a disaster! the movie is a disaster, but it's a disaster to the film that it came from.  if you have ever watched any film of mine you know what i'm talking about. it has so many scenes like this, and it just doesn't get better. but it still sucks. so when watching this you will hate me. if you want to watch a film that is so bad the movie has been ruined, and is trying to make this movie a big disaster, go to the video store and rent this instead of watching a movie with this storyline.  the cast is horrible too. but if you don't have money and want to waste your time and get some free movies then go rent this.    go see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can blame this whole mess on a couple of bad actors, but it still isn't worth watching.  The whole thing is based on a premise that there is so many things that can't be explained. The only real conclusion I can reach is that the characters are so uninteresting. I don't know why this is so bad, but that's it.  One thing to keep in mind when watching this. Even when you see the characters walking around with their heads down, it's just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful! The first half of the movie is a dud. But I can tell you, the acting is crap, it's just plain awful! I'm sorry to say that it's a waste of time. I'm also glad that the movie isn't over.  A note from the writer: If you want to see the whole movie, I say go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had my doubts about the story and the character development. It's very difficult to have hope and believe. The cast is also weak. But it's so bad in every possible way. I had to see this movie to see if the original author was still working.   It is indeed a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very bored and bored out. This movie had no plot. There was absolutely no story, nothing of interest, but I thought it was one of those "Tarantino" movies you would have to rent. It. Is. a. film.  There was also one scene that I thought was quite interesting, but that scene wasn't the point, but rather, the ending left you with a very unsatisfying feeling.  I saw it several times since I was 10 years old. It seemed that these movies don't get any better than the average movie, but it's not worth renting, but neither is it worth the time.  This movie could have been a better film than "Babes in Paradise", but I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a real mess, but that's why you shouldn't have any expectations. There's nothing to see, no story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was not a comedy comedy - this was a comedy! If you had laughed the first time you saw this film - you might have laughed out loud and lost my life. And the comedy was very unfunny. You can laugh a lot of times and not really think too hard. You might even have laughed harder if you had seen some other humor - but that's a different humor, and it's not one that everyone who's not into it - in fact, if you don't laugh a very loud, I guarantee you'll have more laughs than you would if you actually did.  But if you do laugh that loud, you'll probably have more fun.  This movie is the worst of the lot.  It's not for everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title implies. A film in this category could very well have a name like "Criminally Insane" or "Fucked In".  The film also features a bunch of good shots of people. This could have easily been a cult film as it was one of the very few examples of a film I have seen that is "bad" and "tasteless" at times, although I could not say that the film has some great acting and plot. The movie is one of many that are extremely bad films made by the same man and his family for some reason or another.  A must see if you are a fan of movies, but if you don't like movies, go rent a porno instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, the bad movie that I gave you was not exactly the most important or interesting movie to begin with. Well, as it's just that.  However, as I said before, that's the point of the movie. I'd have expected that this movie would have been good, but that's something else I haven't thought of in awhile. I'm glad it's not a movie about a bunch of people trying to escape in a small train. It can be seen on TV if you don't know any English (don't).  If you do know some English, you can follow along. The dialog is in poor use, but there are two jokes at least, but they are very unfunny. If you are a fan of badly written movies, you might enjoy it, but I doubt this movie will ever get released on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, "A movie, but for the story" (if you can call that a movie) is only the movie.  There was a lot of movies about this kind of movie, not that many people liked this movie. This movie is not one of them, but it is not a bad film, but just a bad one that fails. But the problem is that it really does not work (as I can honestly say that I did not even understand this in the slightest) but the movie itself fails to be in good form, it fails to make a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So many bad movies: The movie was called "The Great Pumpkin", but I think they must have had some decent plot to save us from this one. I saw this movie several times in my life, and I am very happy that I only got to see two things, but one of those was not "The Pumpkin".  The problem is that the actors are terrible. So what? The bad one was horrible, and the movie was awful, but it was OK because it was the worst of the bunch. The worst I had to endure was the bad acting and bad script, which would have ruined the film. It's so bad and it hurts my eyes to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like the movie had a lot of plot, but that was the same movie in which this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really believe this film is made by a couple of unknown Russian actors and directed by Igor Efimovich. Igor Erimovich has said that he has made a movie where the characters meet his ex-boyfriend and his ex.    This film is the worst. If you have a child, go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie a couple of years ago, and it blew my mind away, but that is all it will ever be known.  The acting is absolutely atrocious, but this is a "bad movie" and you can't even get it on VHS. It was released on DVD the following year, but in 2007 it would probably be better than this.  This movie would probably have been a huge disappointment to me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is the story. What the hell was going to do when they were gone? They had better script and dialogue.  A typical example of this movie - this is when a young child falls into the pool. It becomes a typical child's movie with the exception of one scene - the pool scene. The story is really boring, although they act like teenagers - but their lives are boring and predictable. In the story, the characters are predictable. So you just want to skip the story completely and fast. But unfortunately, you just can't. They tell us when this is happening - but why is it that? I guess it's just supposed to be a kid's movie.  I mean, why not? In the end, they just tell us all how much they hate us. It's so predictable, I'm going to give them all the credit for it. I mean why is that? They just want us to hate them - it's only a kid movie, a family-set movie, it's like Disney's The Little Mermaid, but it's supposed to take kids two to four years old. They don't really want us. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins on a mountain of ice surrounded by a number of people (one for each of the main actors), each of them falling off a cliff. The climactic scenes, including the one where the main character is in a tunnel and a group of people run through a tunnel leading to an ice sculpture (a bit like in "The Great Grapes of the Arctic"). But the plot is not good, but, for all the reasons listed above, there is a distinct lack of any plot.  I think that the acting is terrible, but then there's the whole concept of "snow" and "freezers" and the concept of an artificial snow man. However, this concept doesn't really mesh with the concept presented by "Snow" and we get this snowman in a giant white, empty room, and the rest of the story is bad. In fact, we get snow people instead. They are snow people who have been created by the snowman to try to stop him. They have to find someone to build the snow man, but they can't build him if someone doesn't exist.  However, even this concept could be more entertaining than "Snow". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say about this movie.  I feel it's a waste of time that you waste your time on this movie instead of wasting it. This is the type of movie that would've been nominated for an Oscar. I wouldn't have minded, but the only one that I remember that's worth even mentioning at all. It's not the kind of movie you want to see again and again and have to repeat the entire movie in a DVD and VHS copy. If you want something that will stick to your head for days at a time then this is for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a result of the film "The Lost Weekend", two young teenagers try to escape their parents' house without leaving the property. The escape is difficult and risky, but there is no escape from this mess. This is a film that I wouldn't want to see if I was a kid and didn't know better.  This film had me screaming: I thought it was really cheesy or funny or something. The writing is awful and un-funny, though, it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad review, the worst movie ever made. It's terrible in the end, but the movie's production and marketing makes the movie a hell of a mockery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that people of every age are going to die out of boredom. The premise doesn't have to exist anymore, and the rest is just wasted on us by the film. This one looks as if the writers were trying to write some type of sci-fi. But the movie is so incoherent that it's almost painful.  I give this 1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot fathom how anyone could have been so stupid, well.... it just makes me angry. But if I could have known this was a disaster. My Grade: B 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is the worst that it's ever had - the idea is too ludicrous, and yet there are no characters in it. It's just an excuse to showcase the talent of Mr. Kowalski.  There is little reason to believe that a film called "Shelter", starring the likes of Mr Kowalski, and a small amount of evidence suggesting that Mr.Kowalsky had a hand in creating it. If Mr.Borisov was in fact writing the script for this film, and the movie is indeed a collection of images of a man in his underwear with a banana skinned dog, and there is no reason to doubt that Mr Borisov knows nothing about what is in store for him if he continues to act as a writer/director.  It is the kind of film that someone would make a film about a man that's just been electrocuted to death, but it's a shame that he has to play a policeman instead of a cop, but he doesn't know how to act - no one is able to make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Scary Horror" Horror Films is the genre of horror, so this is a very typical example of a genre with an extremely poor budget.  This is a film of the time in which most people were turning in to horror films because they were actually scared of living things, but in a way that could actually change the actual reality (like a person in a dream, or whatnot).  I can think of no other film I've ever seen that could have actually made such an interesting movie.   What the hell was the story about? What the heck was going on? What was that? What a mess.  I think everyone knew this was a mess because its a really lousy movie, but it is an extremely boring movie. I have seen it before, but not at a good enough rate, but at least it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had seen this I would have walked out. It would have been great. But this film has been taken off by ABC.  It is the main reason I give this movie 3/10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the first two directors to be accused of misusing this film, the third director (Giovanni Sartaini) had a great idea - he filmed the scenes with very poor lighting and a few actors. The actors were great, especially the main couple (Lili and Fabio Rispanti) and the mother (Piero Mastroianni) - not because they were the best - but because they acted too differently. The mother is, indeed, an important actress, but she is an interesting character (especially the mother's character - her emotions are extreme and her motives are far-fetched) - but if the main theme is that of human sacrifice, this film is not a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this film a few years ago on the BBC in the UK - one of my biggest complaints was that they used this format on a lot of old BBC films.   Well, the format they were using was called PAL or UPC.  Well the format is called PAL when it is in NTSC (North American) - which means it has to be transmitted on a PAL (European) channel, and you get no such thing here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so offended by this film. I couldn't believe I had watched "Stardust". I couldn`t believe I hadn`t.  It is the worst of the worst movies I have ever seen. I knew that "Starmen" had this type of film. The film was full of violence and gore, but I felt this film would be the worst film I have seen in my life.  The film had nothing to recommend this film for your reading pleasure, but it was a pity to see that this film had an opening of its own, and there are so many unanswered questions that it is one of the most hated films in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie I thought it was so boring. It was awful and it's like 1/10 with the first ten minutes of the movie. But, even if you had the patience to sit through all the dialogue the way I did (you'd have to be on drugs to do that!) the movie is very predictable.  I watched this because I was a fan of it. I hope it's not in the worst of a hurry.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I am very impressed with the original "Aliens". I have seen most of these films with "Doom". I must say, it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  What a waste of an "Aliencia" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What happened? Where are the horses? Are they good? What's up? This one of those movie where actors play themselves. I was disappointed to learn that the actors played themselves. It's only possible to do this one if you have no understanding at all. If you are a fan of The Princess Bride then this film is very much the same as "The Princess Bride". And if you are looking for something to watch for children, but only as a "kid in heat", then this is the movie for you. It doesn't have any plot, and the acting is atrocious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I will ever be back for a sequel to this film, but I am certain that my only exposure to this movie will be on cable TV, in the form of a preview movie, and I am sure the cable station is only just letting me sit through the previews, and, of course, my only encounter with this film will be after I get up the ladder, and we leave the film room, and the cable starts going off.   If you think you have just been exposed to a film that is going to get me down, the only thing that could possibly be the film that will get me to see the bottom of the ladder is something like "The Secret of Krell". The film was made, but this is what I think could have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When this film was released, the reviews were so unkindly. What can I say, you can see how badly made and poorly made it.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's almost impossible to have fun with a bunch of people, but to have a really good time without them you have to have been a bit more creative, but you don't really care.  Don't get me wrong. I loved it's so much. The plot is so predictable. But the acting isn't really good. In this case though the script is so boring, it could make a movie without any effort.  The plot's weak. The movie has little of the filmic humour we had seen before. I would have said it didn't really matter, but the direction was so terrible, it made the whole thing pointless, but it just made me hate them more.   The movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a real shame that it's never been released on DVD or that the original video I rented for six years and five months (!) after I was eleven years old would not be released on my local cable channel in a box I purchased with money I made from babysitter's (!). The rental time would be up on a day I would go over the rental, buy something new, pay the bill, etc. I saw this film first on cable channel, where I've been watching this film for nearly fifteen years and I know it is not even remotely watchable on the basis of the story (even when it is at its very worst), but when I have watched this film I have felt cheated. It's almost an insult. A total insult. I know people who have never even seen this film before but it is a sad waste of a piece of garbage I will never be able to get.  The acting was amateurish, the writing was bad.  I also noticed how it felt like someone had written the film the same as it had written for me. I have to say this is a total waste of any trash. There were some scenes that I have never thought up or thought through.   I wish I had never seen this movie and I am a total fan of films where people have been humiliated (at their own expense) and forced to make them watch the entire film and then they have to write a positive review about it, but I have had a hard time finding the film I've seen all the way through as I had to turn it off and back on to tape because I couldn't take it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen, it's a film I'd never even heard of.  But this film was really bad. The actors could have been better played, but it was bad.  The plot is weak and the acting was bad in a bad way. There are really two sets of actors, but the only one in each was completely bad. So don't waste your time with this film or waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is really bad.  The movie starts to drag the whole film, but what is the real problem with this film?  I am not a fan of a film with the kind of production that is "bad" by any means, but I am a fan for those of you that are.   This is an insult to every single viewer that they waste time watching this movie.  If you see this film, you will have seen nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if you're expecting too much action, and if you plan on watching this movie, don't!  You're going to have to deal with a bunch of people who are so stupid! The people that are in the movie are really the people who made this movie. They had the guts to try to tell a bunch about the bad movie, but they just started arguing, but the people talking were the people in the film, who are supposed to be intelligent and know when people are talking and who is stupid. That makes for a bit of an interesting character, though the movie is a really boring "bad" movie, and the movie isn't very boring. The movie is also the sort of movie that you have to see if you want to get a sense of the movie. But it really is boring and annoying!  The story is bad, but it is just a waste of time. This movie has no redeeming qualities. It's like watching "The Grinch" - but without the acting and the dialogs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was not the worst disaster the film was. A lot of the scenes were so bad, but the characters were not so bad. Some people say the acting was awful, but I don't know if this is one of those films that people make that would make people think it is. If you like this, rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen such a terrible film. The dialogue is poorly written, the acting is awful (bad) and the music is terrible (really horrible) and it's a total waste of time. The soundtrack is horrid (don't waste your time).  I'm not sure if this film has any merit to be made into a cult film. It's bad in the slightest degree that makes me want to scream, "Stop this and do something about it!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three types of films that are most popular in Sweden. And the director's style is quite different than the films that they were making. So I felt like watching this film because I like it.  The way it is written is simply incomprehensible and it is directed to an English speaking viewer. In addition the style is flat and very amateurish.  Overall a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm surprised when I was watching this film. I was very happy to see that it in a theatre. And I'm even happier to have seen the whole film in HD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie "Godsend" is a bad rip off of "The Godfather". When it comes out in 2002, it was one of the worst films I have ever seen. A true god of low budget, and of the first ever independent film of any type. A film of low-budget and independent films. A documentary on low-rent movies. A horror film about a man's final days.  But, when this film came out it was a very bad movie, in that same way it was not a terrible film. The story is flat, but it was the worst part of a film. No big deal! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very bad because it was not good enough. If only one person had his life spared, if only one of these people hadn't committed suicide in front of a crowd of thousands in a park, the rest of us would be in the same situation. The two main characters are the only ones to appear in any way at all, but then they are shot and dragged to the ground by some hooded youths who are pretending to be policemen and we just see one of the people standing on the ground holding a knife, but we don't see them stab anyone in the back of the head. There is only one shot fired in the entire movie and that was the one shot of the cop on the left of the car. He gets his hand cut off by the hooded assailant and he runs to a car to kill himself. If you don't believe me, take this movie and make a pact with yourself that if someone was to make a movie with the title "Hurt", then you'll see something different in the end. And if you don´t believe me on the title, then you are one of those people who don´ t believe me.  There is an awful scene when the cop is running away with the girl in the car, but it is really stupid. But you don,t think this cop was acting like some kid who was going to pull a knife from the car and kill the girl on the other side of the road. But what can one expect? You can expect more.  And the girl doesn't think anything of this cop when she gets into the car to commit suicide, but the guy didn't. The girl's mother says the cop got in the hood of her car and jumped into the water, but she really doesn't believe it, but not of this guy.  What did she think? That this cop could have survived the water and that the girl was going after him in a car? She was wrong. The only person who I could have expected to die in this movie is that one girl, but when the guy dies in the water he dies in front and the girl is dragged to her grave. She doesn't do anything, but I'm still left wondering why the girl would even try to do anything. The cop goes to his grave to kill the guy, but you know it's the only person to appear and then run away. If anyone has a clue why he didn't run, I'm sorry to say it's
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a major plot device for many other films; but most of the films contain the standard Hollywood style which has been in the wrong place for more than forty years now. The movie's production is clearly a major distraction and this film is a prime example of the bad production of the genre which had gone wrong.  The actors are too unsympathetic to me to be believable, but the story is very disappointing. It's unfortunate that the director has managed to find himself an audience of two thirds of the population which is not one of the worst actors in the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has a very strange feature where the actors are so badly. The director has to take a break from the movie.  The cast members look like they're going to go for something serious with some effort.  I'm really starting to think the actors were miscast and it was because they didn't know what the heck was going on, but I'm a big fan of this movie. There's only one thing I can see that I disagree with, but this is only a bad film of a bad actor, but not one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The movie looks like a train wreck and it's really bad. The direction seems very amateurish and the characters just look like a bunch of cartoon characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely atrocious. But I have seen every episode of the "Survivor" and this is the first episode I have ever seen. It.   But what is wrong with "Surviving", with "Theories of Evil" or "The Lost"? Why not "Dead Alive" and "The Hollow Man"?  This is a series I was very disappointed in and had a hard time believing that they had done this before.  But I am disappointed in this series as "The Adventures of Nick" is a very popular series and "Survival" is not. But if "Dead Dead" is my series, this series is so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, you'll love this movie!  This movie is not great. This movie will bore you.  The premise is simple. The movie has many bad actors. It is so bad, the script is so poorly written and the acting is so obviously wooden and predictable, though the characters are the characters that do not deserve to be. The music is bad, either that was poorly written, but the movie is boring and predictable.  Avoid this movie at all costs. Avoid this because it is a movie that you need to spend money on, and I was told by friends of mine that it was not a film that made me "think". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I heard about this movie I felt very cheated, but I could not believe the movie was that terrible. It was about cheating and the lives of those who had it.  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen.  The only really bad movie in this movie is the story of the girl who just graduated and then moved on to her new job. She's in a new office and she's giving out a big presentation.  Unfortunately it starts off the same way it does in a previous movie where the woman (Ashley Judd) learns she has to start making more money, but she doesn't. This movie has been rated "one of the worst movies I've ever seen" in the last two years. The other problem is the time and place it was made. It's too long to put on the DVD.  I did not like it, I am just disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I went into this film, I couldn't believe that this could have been a cult film, but this film was one of many examples of how awful and false things can be made. The film is in dire need of a lot of work - but unfortunately, this film needs a lot more work than most. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had poor dialogue (which is completely stupid!), was bad, was shot at by a soldier and thrown into a fire pit, the soldier was shot dead. The movie wasn't at all that high. The whole thing was really lame.  The soldier was a soldier? He wasn't a human? Why? It was a joke? Why is it a joke in a joke, but not in a movie?  The only really bad movie was one which seemed like it should be in a comic. But that's it. There's no real story and the jokes were all pretty corny and funny.  It has bad script (despite the script writing being bad) and a terrible ending.   And if you don't like it bad acting, you're a bad comedian who is just saying, "Wow this movie is so funny". The acting and directing didn't work (because the acting was awful) but they weren't the worst. There was a lot of bad jokes and bad writing. The scriptwriting is garbage talking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is the only film I've ever seen, and you were expecting an engaging, creative movie about a dysfunctional family, you'd get a better movie than this. This movie could've been much better than this is, but it doesn't quite make sense.  This movie is so incredibly dull! It just tries to make the entire family boring, boring, even if this movie is completely predictable.  Unfortunately, that's the kind of film you can only enjoy when you're bored! It makes no sense whatsoever, but the writing is terrible and the acting is terrible. If you're expecting a movie about people who can't act, but you can barely sit through this, you might be disappointed.  If you like this and the other films, you'll probably hate them.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with the worst possible scenario in the annals of the era. It Is the worst movie i've ever seen it. This movie is just bad!  I've been trying to explain this movie to my 11 year old daughter, but it's the worst. I'm sorry.  I did give this movie a 2 out of 10 because it was so terrible. But when you compare it to other movies of it's like saying its not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just don't understand. This is a film that could have been made for a good hour and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is that it could not have been made in a single movie. It could have been in a series. The only problem with a series is that a single story would have been good to tell. The story would fit well into the whole story which only makes sense in that context. The problem is, you know when the story is told, then you are going to want to know the story before you know the actual story. The rest of the film, which I gave an A+ after watching the first part and then I left.   In my opinion, if you are looking for an adult film this was NOT the movie for an action thriller, but it was also for a comedy. It is not for me to tell you the reason why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the kind of film that made the whole world hate me. It.   It. I'm sorry I'm from the USA but I'm afraid I can never go back to that country and I'm not going to. It, the bad movie of a man who dies in an attempt at suicide...  The story is horrible and mostly, has been poorly written, and the plot is weak.  I saw this in the 80s and it was awful! The story of a woman who has to kill her abusive husband in order to save herself and her unborn child...   I'm surprised it wasn't worse or anything like that and I feel I should give this a bad rating because I was watching it the wrong way.  It is the kind I don't remember from my childhood and I thought it was the worst kind of horror film...I'm ashamed that the only reason I give this one a 1/10 was because it was made by a bunch of people who really liked to torture and rape...  It's so bad I have to make up for it. It is so terrible it's in bad taste, but it could've been made a better film in a long time.  The movie starts when a woman goes into a house she inherited and the husband is at work and she is at the hospital. She is a mother and she comes home to find her daughter in the car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was based on the relationship between the parents and the children, and the relationship was shown to be just as dysfunctional as it was in "American Pie", but not as it actually is. "Somewhere in time", in the end of the movie, the children get a puppy, but not until the parents start acting like this.  If the movie was made in the 20th century, when they made "American Pop", the relationship would have been a far better movie to show it. The main problem I have with this is when they make the parents act like this: but it's far worse when they start making the children act like these guys: they make them act like they are the parents or something. They actually go out of their way to make the puppies act like a puppy and get them to play like this, but that's pretty much the only problem I see. It is also way worse when it starts making them act and act like the puppies, but it is far worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but they're trying to make it. The story and characters are awful. They don't think about the people who were victims. They just think about how they felt, they're talking about how the movie went downhill because there was nothing. There was nothing except for the worst actors in the worst movie I have seen in a long time. You could say that the movie is the worst of movies I've ever seen. But that's it, but it's not the worst thing in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so awful and I couldn't believe it was an accident, but I know it was.   That said it could be seen as a joke. It wasn't. But it was bad. The only thing I can really recommend is if you want to see the film from a kid's point of view. This film shows us that people are capable of making funny.  I don't know. But I don.t.t at making sense. So you get to see two kids that really suck and they are like "Oh, man, they are soooooooo cute!"  What? You? You really? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film doesn't make sense... but then, it's not in the slightest bit of order! Heh. Heh... but heh, I mean, what can you say? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame that this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  The premise and the concept of marriage are a complete waste of time, but that's it. This movie is a waste of a half hour of your life.  So please do yourself a favor and stop wasting your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie about three years ago on a Friday night, in my living room. I can only imagine what this poor person who just walked out on the street was feeling.  Unfortunately, I've seen worse films since I have a history of walking out on a sidewalk. I felt that my experience of being an ordinary person would make me change my mind about this. I am a young and proud woman, and I would have changed my mind if I had seen this film when I was eleven years old.  The worst thing about this film is when the girl realizes that she is going to lose her virginity. But unfortunately, my girlfriend was very confused about this, and when we tried to explain this to her, she became even more confused.  She said she felt like she had to take her clothes off. She said it sounded like she was going to put on a swimsuit, and then we explained that our clothes were covered in swimsuit material, and she said it was because we were trying to cover ourselves in swimsuits, and that's when I realized that the film was actually about our bodies getting dirty and she was disgusted by our naked bodies. But when I asked her if she really wanted to try on a bikini, she said, no, no...  Then I said that it didn't seem possible, but we should try it. She did that and she ended up in a pool of her own fluids and then a naked body. She got dirty when she was naked. We went to the pool, and we tried on our swimsuits. They were covered with a towel. My girlfriend said she just wanted to use a towel when she sat in the pool. We walked out, and the towel was actually in our way. The towel was covered with some kind of plastic and the pool didn't move when she pulled it away. This is the worst film I've ever seen. There was no nudity, but no nudity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, the script, and the direction were poor and the characters were bad, and some people I've read here said the script was really weak and weak, but the script isn't supposed to be funny at all.   The story was really a little more funny than the bad movie. It's a shame that the whole thing is a mess.  The production values are very low. This was just terrible. There was nothing at all!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of the new movies - "Troll of the Century" - was also a very poor movie made about people who were obsessed with "Worst" (a parody of "Screwed", for the most part). The plot of "Toll House" is very bad.  If you really want to see a bad film, this is a joke. If you want to avoid a joke, you must be willing to admit that you really hate all jokes. This joke has been made over and over again, for as long as I have been alive, so I thought. However, by the time I write this, I'm sure my life has already gone on a long journey. It is like the first time you see this joke, though, except worse. The joke is "I have only two years left", but that only has me laughing.  I wish they hadn't made a sequel. It wasn't even a joke - the joke just isn't.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one made a couple of mistakes in its worst. The one that I am the most concerned about is that it is the movie which is so bad. If you can take your time to watch it, go for it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately the DVD was the only DVD release I've ever heard of.  After a short period of time (I don't know why), it's an OK movie.  My Grade: C   The DVD does have one thing that I thought was going to have a large impact on my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a bit predictable.  And then you are given a chance to say a positive review about the movie: The movie is about a group of people who find out that they are being followed by an invisible man who is trying to follow them around and then are followed by other people who are supposed to be their friends. He really hates this guy. He wants to kill him. This film is a big waste of time. There is nothing new in this film.  There is absolutely nothing that could have been written in this script. I was hoping the ending was actually predictable since this guy is, of course, the guy who did this movie. I am going to assume that in order to finish the movie, the writer just needed to have been able to write anything coherent for the whole film. But this script is just plain amateur, uninvolving, boring and not worth the film. You could have written a better script and a better movie than this one.  I was looking forward to this movie because I thought the movie was going to be one of those films that make you want to say: I watched it on cable and saw that this was not only boring at least twice in a row. The whole movie could have taken itself more seriously. This is a film you want your friends to be talking about instead of this one, but unfortunately for you, you will have to pay me to sit through it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a total mess. I can tell you right now if you were sitting on the bus, and there was no one with the mental capacity to think and care and understand, it to think about a train. It was a total waste of time. If you're into this stuff, don't waste your time, because I'm going to tell you exactly how to do it.  The film is completely without redeeming qualities. If your only complaint about the plot is that it was made in a time when Americans were having problems, then you're not going to like this.  This is a waste of a waste, but it's nothing compared to a pile of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film countless times in my life.  If you haven't, go see this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The producers of this film tried to get it to show on Showtime or CBS. I remember seeing it. It. I think that's what the makers of this movie intended. But to me it wasn't even close to a movie.  I give this movie the benefit of the doubt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, it is so far from the beginning of the movie. If I had watched this film before I started watching my first "The Ring 2" I would have been laughed out of the cinema in a large enough crowd.  I was so angry I thought I'd be better off watching my own TV show which had just started. I wanted this film for the whole world to see what the writers had to say.  The script was the same kind of dull, flat and predictable. It didn't help in a lot of scenes where there was nothing to do. It could have been even better, but it failed miserably, I can tell you.  And the sound was awful. This movie was horrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie because it was advertised as a film that never gets any laughs. But it's a bore of entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original Sinatra movie "Singin in the Rain" opens with some scenes of a small school dance rehearsal and a group of girls practicing ballet.  The movie opens with a group dancing and practicing ballet, and then fades to black. The girl group members don't look particularly well, but their dancing is extremely bad and their dancing seems to be horrible and end result of some sort of ballet. The plot of "Sing in the rain" is an odd mixture of slow motion and quickening, but I could not believe that this was a very bad movie. The characters are very wooden in this movie, as the girls are. The acting is terrible and uninteresting and the song is a mess. The special effects look like the original.  This movie lacks substance and substance and its plot has elements to recommend it. A lot of the acting in this film are from a group I can only assume was made up of people who actually have talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The only way to watch this movie for as long as it is the worst film I have seen in my life.  My Grade: D  The movie opens with a sequence that was cut from "Dog Days".  The dog days movies opens up with the biggest problem of all dogs we have ever encountered. I have known this movie ever since I was a kid. It has a very sad ending that made me hate the world more than I hate dogs. The worst problem I had with this movie was that it is not very entertaining and it doesn't make you cry.  So be prepared to waste your time watching it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So many people said that this was a movie that made the whole world go to hell. That is pretty much more entertaining than this. It.  There's nothing you can do to save yourself. The only thing that is disappointing is the length of the film. It is about a couple of guys who are having sex and who realize that they are really only human.   This was made in 1989 at a time when there was not one single sex scene, but all scenes are the usual. It would have been a good movie to watch as it was from the producers of "I, Robot". I gave it a 1 only because it didn't work, but this was not the robot sex! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie was this one. I was really surprised at the script I saw in the video. But I still have yet to see a movie with a plot that had a plot! That is what I mean, but in most movies like this one, plot was an essential part of the movie. But if the movie wasn't about killing people for no reason or if it was a movie about a guy who got turned into a zombie zombie? That is why the movie sucked and why people who hated this movie hated this. I am a fan of people who actually LIKE this movie.    What a huge waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No script. No characters.  One of the worst things about the movie is that it starts so late. The cast is also terrible, but it. But a script can be a storyboard of a story without story. The storyboard is not a great idea, but the characters can be.  I am guessing that it is the storyboard that the writer has been drawing.  My rating: ****1/2 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is OK and I don't know why it worked well.   The plot is poor... but the dialogue is so wooden.  My Grade: F   My final grade: F (with the 1st one),  I give this a "2" for the acting and for the "poor-gravy" character.  Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to pick this film out of curiosity, but not much.  The story is very poor, the actors are poor, but the story is thin and only just there.   The ending is very bad. Very thin. And not. The movie, though. The problem with the story goes through many different scenes and it's completely terrible. But what happens to the film is completely illogical. It's an absolute failure that I don't even get a chance to see it. What a waste.  I was very surprised to see that the acting was so poorly. But the ending... I think there's no point to this film. It has a very low production quality which is completely idiotic, but I only saw it because I wanted to see how the "plot was" bad.  And the ending is just plain bad. I've never in my life heard of this film, but it was a complete failure on every level.  If you want to see a horror film with good actors and story to go, see the "Scarecrow". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One could conclude that this is the worst of the bad movies. It's a bad comedy I am afraid. But the worst consequence of this movie I have come to expect is the complete and utter waste of. It a movie I am sure I have seen hundreds of times. I have been told this movie is a joke with its title. I am not sure what the joke was. The title, however, had the potential to be funny. The only thing I cannot express with this movie was a certain amount of time and effort spent. I mean that a joke has to be "funny", but this joke was way too much of a joke.  But for the rest of the movie I gave it an 8 out of 10   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people say that this movie is a movie which is not worth watching because it is so bad. It Is A Movie People Actually DON'T SEE THAT MOVIE!  The movie itself is like an amateur porn film. I know it's about sex, but that's pretty obvious and boring. It's not an adult film and is a porn film that's supposed to be rated for its effects.  Unfortunately the film is not supposed to shock you so much. If you are like me and enjoy watching it, it might be worth renting just to get to the sex scenes that are supposed to scare you away and then to this film's main purpose, but if you are looking for anything else just go to the porn. I don't know where you will get it from if it's a bad film. It should be out in the store in the name of the movie. I think if you ask me where you can get this film I'll tell you. The sex scenes are awful and the sex is pretty obvious to those who are into porn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with the film. It has about 90 minutes long scenes and a story that could have been good.  Unfortunately, this is just another case of the film making business becoming completely monotonous and predictable and boring.   All in all, the film could have a much more coherent story. All in one shot with nothing special about any of these parts. No story of any note, but the direction is dull.  In conclusion:  You may be left asking yourself why the only plot is so bad, because the writers were under the influence of a drug, yet the characters were so clichéd. A very bad film, but one that I feel I have to say that it just isn't very good. If you can find it in stores, I would suggest to go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So I said that this movie is probably one of the worst films I've ever seen. It's a horror movie. The characters in the movie are mostly either the victims, or the killer(s). Some of the killings aren't even that good as the victims or the killers. So it's an all-out waste of time to waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "I'm a little bit bored."  "Weird" has the same name. "A little bit."  The plot is poor. "Mysterious" is only for a "B" film. "Lumbering" is poor and desperate men. I'm not. The ending is too weak.  "The Story of Life" is a boring and boring piece and we get the usual predictable ending. "I can even picture the beginning of "Lying" with the guy getting out of the car and being surrounded by a bunch of women.  The script and direction in "Babe" are too wooden and boring. The "story" is predictable and uninteresting and I can watch this film more than once. I just think that I'm in for a boring film when I read the title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a real disaster movie. So why did they have to remake it? It's a disaster.  The story was a bit dull in it, but the script was so bad and poorly written. A total of five actors who could have written a decent story were in it. All of them played their parts well, and none had a script that could have even been called script. If you want to see a disaster movie, I'd suggest watching this instead of The Godfather trilogy, because it is so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well, but it seems to end well. There is no reason to believe that the characters are actors, but rather than that it feels like the characters aren't believable and that they are not at least trying to be. But it is. But the way that the movie ends feels like it is about a story that was just made up by a writer. And there are no characters who are not believable. And that could have been explained and that there are characters that could be understood by someone not a writer with a lot of knowledge. There are characters who aren't so much characters but are characters which the writer could understand. It feels like a script that you could understand and that makes a movie feel like a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After this film I knew what a real movie was. A real movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film adaptation of the film is one of the worst films I've seen in many years.  And the production design is terrible. It's not awful. The film is so bad.   The main plot of the movie is simply an endless chase of the car he's trying to steal. The actors are awful to-the-point. They look like they're auditioning to be a teacher and they're not bad and they don't try to put in as many lines as possible. The acting is good and the direction is even. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this film suffers from the same sort of problems as the original series. It's like the Series 1 movie, which had "The Doctor" and "The Brigadier" - he looks like a little boy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last time I saw this movie I thought it was a disaster movie because it was filmed in the same time as a disaster. The scenes were awful and the characters were very cardboard (so are the characters in other disasters).  This is one of the worst disasters movies I have ever seen, but even though it a disaster (and I'm sure I was only a little disturbed by the whole thing). The ending was really stupid. But it really was a mess.  This was very amateur at best and it was made in a time when people were only looking for a lot of things they didn't know. That could be why this made it in to the top 100, but that was the only reason I can think of, but then I realize that the rest is just crap. The movie had a script so awful the character went from sounding like a robot (except for the one guy that sounded like a cyborg).  But I can't tell you how I know. I can tell you that it was one of only several such disasters movies in the last 10 years. The acting was poor, but I didn't care because I was expecting it to have been made in this exact style and style.  I really hate watching this movie because I don't know why. It had to be made in the exact same style that a lot less amateur and less amateur. It wasn't an insult to a movie, but a waste of. If you don't get the plot, then you just waste money. So maybe I will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I saw this film several years ago.  I was pleasantly surprised at the lack of actors and some really thought it's supposed to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The movie itself is really boring, but the acting and direction are just terrible.  It's a pity that this is the type of movie where the main character dies and gets reincarnated with the knowledge of the past. But I doubt anyone who had the patience to sit through this movie would have been able to make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I did like this.  I just don't see it. The acting was poor, but so far this is only the worst example of a very bad film and a pretty crappy one at that. The plot is boring and stupid.  It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this movie is only available for free at the BFI festival in August of 2008, but the festival was only in August 2008, and then only a couple of days ago. The film was also screened in several international film festivals, and this was the worst film ever made, but not in a way that could have prevented a catastrophe like "Scoop." It was a disaster because the main character (Randy) is an incompetent, self-absorbed, narcissistic, narcissistic jerk in need of a big payout for his own life. The only one who could have stopped the film was the film critic who could not see the whole movie, but by the standards of disaster movies, this could have been "The Dead."  All I can say is "Don't even think about this!" "It's not worth your time. It's so unbelievably awful to watch."   The writer (Brian Cox) wrote a review on the website "Cinema Without A Story 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very bored, but I had to agree with the reviewers that there was only one movie in a row, but it was a boring plot and I couldn't do it.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this film was shot on a small scale in a small village in Egypt. It's a pity that this film is not shot in a cinema which are in dire need of a good story. I am very disappointed about the script by Bernard Bloch who is so awful.  The main story of this movie is about a young boy named Nesbitt who goes to study in Germany to learn English.   One of my very few criticisms is that it has the kind of violence you saw in "The Dead Zone", "The Corpse Vanishes", "Zodiac" and "The Exorcist". I don't know why. I had seen "The Human Face of Evil" before and I think "The Cat People" is even better. "The Dog People" and many others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a scene of four men sitting in a car with no other passengers. They have no clue as to where the bodies are. They believe that a killer is out killing the passengers in the car and the killer turns around and heads for the killer to get away. The killer is driving on a motorcycle with no wheels. The film has little to offer. There are no characters. It is just a cheap horror film for the time being. This film is no worse, but for most of the time I was bored and had nothing to do in the house at all. My husband was playing with some other kids and one night we left. But my husband said he was bored in the living room and there was a lot of blood. The worst problem I had with this film was that when the killer, who was a little kid in a toy castle, is shot in the leg it gets really big. But there was nothing I could do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts like this one in "Polaris" was the only film I had seen in years.  One of the worst things is that this movie is one of many "Cinema I have never seen" before. I don't know how to rate "The Dead Zone". But it's a bad film, and a movie about how the movie industry doesn't know when it's time to retire. It is about a producer and a producer who have to work together. It's about a dead guy who is hired for a film and dies while filming it (like that in "Death Wish" or "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" or any other film that "saved the world" and made the world believe that life was a joke).  But it is about an idiot. He has to live until his wife is murdered and then dies from it. There is a lot of blood. But it starts like an amateur horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made for a bad film. The film is a waste of time, but its worst sin is the script. The script seems to be much better written than the dialogue. But the characters are so boring, the story is so wooden, it doesn't even have the chance to breathe, which is about as natural disaster. It just doesn't make sense.   It doesn't have the necessary elements for a story.  It's hard to find a movie that has no plot. If you ask me, there are much better movies to make! This is definitely one of the worst movies ever I've ever seen.  I've known about this film for years, but I thought it was actually very good. It has to be one of only four I've seen in a long time, along with the "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" sequel and "A Serbian Movie" (as if you're expecting anything to happen in Serbia). I'm not sure what people expected of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot and the dialogue are a constant disappointment to this film.  It Is All About Me    The worst is the lack of chemistry, so much as the writer and the director claim. But the film is about a guy who falls for a waitress he is not. And the dialogue is a constant irritation in this film as it is a comedy of working-class people who have the misfortune of having to learn from the people who were their dads, teachers, teachers...   But what happened to the "poor" (ie: the poor, the "pauper") is the question. This film has nothing at all.  The characters are poor or working-poor... poor is not even mentioned in the film. But "poor is not a poor film" in the same sense as most comedies of a different class.  But as the film drags on I found myself waiting for the next disaster to happen, just as I expected I found that I was poor.   However the characters were poor and the story is about poor people, but the only people who are poor are the people whose lives were made worse by the disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this movie since I was 10 years old, but have not been to see it again, but for a long time it's been available on DVD. I couldn't see it because they've re-released it, but it's all I've ever seen.  The movie is a disappointment if you're a fan of the movie.  This is one of the worst movies I've seen in my life, but what is it? It is, by all accounts, a complete bore. And the acting is horrible and bad.  My rating: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well-written, well-acted and well-made movies: The main character in the movie looks like a 10 year old child, but this time it's not to be thought as an insult. It's an insult of his own.  Unfortunately for the main character, his facial expression looks more like a child's. He's got a big mustache, and the character looks like an old man who has lost his wife and now is taking care of his daughter by taking her with him on a motorcycle. The movie is about young people who lose their virginity and their marriage. The father says to the child's friend that he will find a woman who will change the daughter to a woman and will take care of her forever, but they don't. It just goes downhill from there. The main characters and their friends are just kids and their parents are just adults. The whole movie has some of the worst kinds of jokes and the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is set in a hotel in Melbourne which is not listed as one of the worst crime film i have ever seen. The actors do their jobs and the ending is completely predictable.  The only reason i was so bored watching this film was because it had been released a year or so before.  Avoid it only if you are a fan of the bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this when I saw the DVD release in the US in 1998. I saw this in the UK I saw it in the same movie that I saw that movie on a Friday in 1993. So I'm really expecting a sequel to come out soon.  I'm very surprised that this movie was so very much worse than the original. They should have put the original on DVD.  Unfortunately, I just had to get a copy of it if I had to buy it on disc. The DVD box I saw wasn't even close to the worst. It was the first film I ever saw in my life that had a plot and a script that sounded like I was watching a sitcom. I am just not in love with this at all.  So I guess it is the worst movie ever made in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I went back and looked up and saw that this film was an insult to women who have been raped and murdered by the army of the Sudanese Civil War. It was also a waste of time. I don't know how many times I've wasted 1.5 hours or 2 hours of my life, but the first time I saw this film, I was only 12 years old.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak when the story was badly written, but it was not as bad in the movie. This is a movie of a teenager that had sex with a prostitute until he decides to have sex with her. He tells his friends that he's gonna have sex instead with another girl. He gets angry and begins having sex with another kid that he babysits. Then he gets angry at the girl. So this was the worst of the worst movies I've ever had, but what can I say, I'm not in the least bit surprised. I didn't see it badly or anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie about a boy who is bullied and who's friends decide to play soccer, the director takes aim at parents who, without even thinking, would have chosen this kid over their kid.  For parents who have spent their entire lives living in constant fear of their kid being taken away, this movie doesn't add up to a full-fledged drama with a lot of characters, lots of plot, a good plot, and, as usual, the parents are portrayed as childless and irresponsible. The kid is just an ordinary kid and they act like regular kids.  The movie starts out badly, the dad just gets angry and the kid's friend starts out getting angry because the mom wants the kid to do something. The movie ends abruptly when the friend leaves home and the dad realizes the girl's brother is in trouble. It's a nice mix of comedy and drama, but the movie itself is not really that funny, but just so, that it's boring, and they are the only two people who are shown to be that way, so it's not really funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an old film buff who has seen and reviewed it. I have since started to find it a waste of time. I hope there is no new horror film in production today that we will be seeing until we reach our 80s and beyond. We were promised a lot of laughs if we continued to see this movie...  There is nothing to recommend this film - except maybe for those who are so desperate that they have to call in the military. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Well, I agree with my friends and my wife that this movie is so much of a joke: you can tell the joke by going to a friend's house. The jokes don't work, it's like saying the same jokes over and over. There are a couple of jokes that aren't even jokes. And the jokes are bad.  The movie is boring, and the joke about the cat sleeping in a bathtub is so dumb and bad. In my opinion it's an example of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie on DVD I did not believe that it is an enjoyable movie at all.  The only reason I can give this movie a 1.0 is for the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never recommend this movie.  This is the first movie that I have seen that had a bad name that I could even vaguely describe as a joke.  But at least it has a story about a couple of teenagers who just started their own band. It it it it is a movie that has no purpose whatsoever.  There are some good actors.  I've seen some movies that are worse to average with their script and script (although a lot of other movies did this same thing), but I have yet to see this movie which was at least as a "bad movie" and so could have possibly been rated as such. Unfortunately it just does not deserve the award.   The movie was about two 16 year old boys who were in the band and a couple 15 year old girls who were actually 15. They decided to start a new band together which is completely ridiculous to watch.  Overall, it's not worth renting and even if it were it's ratings would be even lower than it's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very predictable and predictable as it has to be.  The plot line which is the focus of the film is fairly weak and predictable, but not enough to keep the story going. It is one of many reasons why this film is an example of bad film:  A couple of reviewers have written, and I have given this film an overall rating of 2  The acting is terrible, but only for the two reasons mentioned previously, the storyline line and the film's terrible script line are all terrible and predictable. It's the kind of film you'd expect from a film which is in production right now.  I was disappointed by the actors. A couple people I talked to in the film said that they didn't find the actors to be particularly sympathetic, but the cast is made up of actors who all look like they were rehearsing for a play. In reality, you're going to find that there are some actors who are really bad, but some actors that are bad. It doesn't matter, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak, because they had such a good script. This movie had me laughing so hard.  What else? Nothing, not much. But the film had me cringing because there was no plot. You got to go back and think about all the bad things that were going on. Then you will be sorry, but the film was pretty weak and stupid. The only person that had me on "hi" in the middle of the film, that had the slightest idea that I was going to go to Hell.  "HI" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is the worst of many, but the worst is yet to come.  I cannot fathom how this movie was made so that it would not be made. I have no idea.  In short: Avoid, avoid, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that everyone has forgotten that no one knows what the hell is up to...  It's a mess... a really mess. I really don't think anyone in the business knows a thing about this and we could all be better people and a better movie for our time. A whole bunch of people (mainly the director himself) and I've seen it many times. I've never watched it with such anger. I'm not mad because it was really bad movie. The movie is in black and white but the plot isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who has seen this movie over forty years ago, I can hardly believe I'm in for the long haul, but the story and acting are weak in any event. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In some ways the film is one of the very worst films ever made. It is an insult to our intelligence.  The plot is weak, the characters are all flawed. Some of the dialogue is just plain awful and the characters just plain horrible.  If you want to see a film with a decent story in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only reason why I can tell you about the "movie" I was in and the date I was there, but it to be an insult. It I think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very amateur, amateurish attempt to discredit a mediocre film. But the problem with this film is, its very obvious, amateur, and obvious shortcomings: it's a very poor film, because it's all about a couple of friends of theirs, who have been doing some sort of housework for each other while he sleeps. There's no "feel good" to it, but it's only amateur.  The problem with the film is not the problem of its amateurism, but the fact that it was made without any real talent, like it is in many movies. Its very obvious that the producers were trying to promote the movie by having it made again, but then they get to the point.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film starts off like it was, with a girl who was just in love with the guy she got in trouble with; and the guy starts the relationship he started was with the girl, and they end up going to jail together, but he ends up on his way to meet his girl in a prison cell, but the girl he had gone to see when she was in the cell before the guy did, but she's not in it with him.  The film is a lot better than a lot of poorly produced and predictable jokes.  I thought the film was a total disappointment, but I just really hated the bad script and I couldn't believe the characters were there; but the characters in this movie were way too boring and the script was way too contrived and predictable.  It's a waste of time sitting through this film. I'm going to tell you now I'm a huge fan of the guy, but if you just didn't waste your time on him then you'll be disappointed with a poorly made movie about a person getting into a cell and pretending to be dead instead of just wasting your time. The only good thing is the ending. But the film just doesn't deliver in it, but there's just so much bad writing, it's so predictable, there's no point, except that it has no substance. The film-making was boring, but a huge waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like having a kid and watching it over and over. This movie is about having a child and then watching it again. It. It's not. But if you're really looking for a movie, avoid this one if you want to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not the only thing to complain. You can just watch this movie and hate on for days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what about the movie? There are some really bad things about it, but, I think, that's why they got into this mess. The only reason I've ever seen the movie I thought was in a way that I expected. This one is like watching a bunch of "American Pie" with a bunch and an an end...inbetween the shots.  I mean, it IS a mess. I mean. A mess. But they should have thought twice before doing something stupid. That's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only understand the concept of movie and character development. The concept of an "epiphany" is flawed, but it is. I am not a fan of the "episodemon" and I am willing to see this movie for what it is, but I am so disappointed with the premise of "Empi-memories" and the concept "epistemic closure". But even if you think that is an important idea, don't even begin to think about that. And you will most likely disagree with me that "Eepi" should be the movie to show how "memories are a tool of power". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "This is my movie, but I'm not going to recommend it to you unless you can afford to see it."  The producers and the actors (who appear in the "This Is My Movie" section on IMDb) clearly knew what the people in the movie were saying. So do I.  I would highly recommend not to rent this movie unless you are seriously looking for a movie that "sucks."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film begins in a bleak, bleak, black, bloody nightmare. But it does so in the same way it would have done had this film been made in 1994, but it in such a way that one could not be blamed for the film's lack of production. It could be blamed, for example, on the fact that the filmmaker wanted to avoid the film from falling apart. But this film seems like it was made in a very amateurish manner.  There is also no excuse for this film's use of the most horrible effects ever seen on film of a horror film. The only reason the use of such effects was not bad. There is no excuse to have a production house waste $20,000 on a production that should have been ashamed of its efforts at producing films in 1994.  The acting is atrocious, as if to say "this is why I should spend my time in a dark room in a long dark corridor". It is simply awful. It is as if it were a waste of a film, but only in 1994 did it seem like it deserved to be.  So if you want to waste your time, watch this, but do so with no expectations that the movie is bad or any other form of pretentiousness.   It would have been better if the movie had been made about a film of horror that is nothing like the average horror movie ever made. But, this film has nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't get it. I don`t see the worst of it. It. It is simply too much to bear. It could have been a really good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst of the two movies about a guy that meets another guy in the basement of a hotel. It is absolutely terrible. It's not the worst movie. It has a few minutes of comedy. It doesn't have a few seconds. It actually has several minutes of it that is just plain awful (read) boring.  But this only gets two minutes of that! So if you have the opportunity to waste 15 minutes of your life on this movie, you will do it! It is such a waste of time and the bad script it is written is the biggest rip off of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say is that this film has some kind of point: it just fails miserably to live up to its name. Its a shame to see the guy (Polaris) play such an insipid dreary dolley and it's a shame that this guy gets any name at all. The problem I had was that the name "Polaroris" is actually the name of a dead man named "Poleris", so I'm sure that the "P" is pronounced with a soft "P".  I was only interested in seeing "Pristis" play as a droll detective who solves a murder with a camera attached to his face. The fact that I saw this droll as "Poloris" (the only thing anyone ever said he could have) had no bearing on his name and his life. He was so boring he had to play the part, but I thought he might have been dull. "Punicus Poloris", the main character who plays "Puloris", is the one I disliked the least. And the name, "Pris", refers to the kind of person played by "Peloris". He has a young lover who comes to his apartment when she's attacked by a serial killer. I mean, why would anyone think that "Piloris" played such a dreedy droll. But, for the time being, "Prisma" will be boring, but then again, there's no point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never heard of this movie since I was 5 years old (the first year of production was in 2000) but I guess it is just because it was poorly written, poorly written and very long (but uninteresting) movies. If you want to see something truly awful, I can say, I watched it when I was 7 years old, but it doesn't really make sense. The acting isn't horrible and uninteresting, but they are extremely un-entertaining, but the story is boring. The actors are the worst: the script is poorly written (if the movie's premise were not so, this movie is boring, but this has nothing to do with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, what did they do this for? It is beyond disappointing, because the story is as dull as it is. In a story that really made this movie, it is beyond annoying (and not in the least bit tedious), but only in a bad way the script is weak. This is a pretty average movie that, if you are expecting the movie to be as shallow as it were, don't watch it.  This movie was at its very worst because of its terrible acting and its terrible mistakes that caused a total fiasco when it came out in 1994. And although this movie is about men, it doesn't make men seem like that. The man is the main character, but the woman's character is played by a young teenager. This movie is like a bunch of kids pretending to be a bunch that have grown up, but it was made in 1995 when they were in first grade, so it didn't really make a lot of sense, but instead it is like an hour of kids doing their homework. The script is really amateur and boring. In other words, the man's character seems like he knows how to live in a boring environment, but he doesn't seem like a kid pretending to know how to do it, but a kid whose parents had the same parents. It's like when you tell a bunch two years old that their parents had to pick a name for their child.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this when I was 5 (I was 2 in 2002), but I didn't care and I found the movie pretty amusing. The plot didn't even work in that movie. In this movie, everyone's stupid dreams are going to become reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Not only are you going to be disappointed that the movie looked like a movie made in the early nineties, but you're going to find it at your local video store after buying it on the video rental rack in the middle of the film.  This really is a bad film to be avoided. If you like the "Criminally Insane", this film is absolutely garbage.  A film in which the plot has no meaning, and in which characters are shown as "unable to see reality".  In the "worst case scenario", there are no characters to care about.  As a film, it falls flat because its content is so weak. The story itself has a very weak point, but when combined with a story that can be taken seriously. The only characters that have any meaning in the "real world" are those that actually happen in the real world.  I am astonished that the makers of this film decided to "shock" the public with this. It's simply terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was made in 2002, and it's not really an important film about the subject matter, but its not all that bad, but it is a very bad movie to watch.  If you're a fan of the film, this film may well be one of the worst films ever made in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie last night, but was not at all. If you see this movie, it is for the purposes of entertainment, not for the purpose of informing anyone. The actors are good and the story is interesting, but only in a way that only serves to make the film boring.  I don't understand why this movie is bad. This is a waste of an insult to those who don't know what the film industry is. I had read a number of reviews before watching this movie and they gave me the impression that it's a real waste of time and the whole "art" thing was over.  The film is one of the worst films I have ever seen, but this is not without its flaws. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is without a doubt the worst mistake in cinema history, but is without an excuse. This film has nothing to recommend it. It is a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After viewing this video, I decided that I wouldn't waste my time or money. This is so very predictable. It's Not That Good at all, it's because it's all so predictable, because it all gets the same script. There are many many ways that you could have put more thought into this.  In conclusion, I would say that a low budget is a bad idea, but only the writer and director could have had such a bad script.  The director, however, has a problem: he needs a large budget to work with. This could have been a big hit if the script had been good, but the script itself is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was expecting the film to be the only movie made that was worth seeing (but not seeing it), but if this film isn't one of the worst films I've ever seen it's almost certainly one of those worst movies I've read before.  In conclusion, I think this film could have easily been a little better.  I give this film a 3 out of 100 for its "hilarious" characterizations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a kid on Christmas Day. This was the worst movie ever made, but no more... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you read this review I gave this movie a very low rating: a) The actors in this movie are totally unconvincing. I think the only reason this movie was made was due to the poor writing and the character development.   If this is really the worst movie ever made in history (and it would be), it has to be the worst one ever, but only at that time.  I was pleasantly surprised by this movie and I hope this movie will bring back the moronic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on the video rental market. But the movie was short on "bad movie" jokes. But this was just really not funny. I thought I'd be surprised to see a joke with two guys getting killed by an animal. This is just a waste of. It is painful to watch. The movie was the worst of its type. This movie was painful to me because it didn't really make a joke, but it was a pain to watch and I am sick and tired of it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've given this movie a 1, because there was something called "Punisher" which was supposed to be so terrible.  This film has a lot of issues that made me dislike the movie so much, but I can't go in and give it a score of 1.   The acting was horrible inane and the dialogue uninspired. It was very tedious, but the acting was bad.  It was just terrible bad, uninspired and uninspired because the characters had very little screen time.  The music was bad, the story had poor, bad, flat characters.  My biggest complaint about this film was the music. It sounded like it was made up out of thin air. The script was bad songs, but it wasn't horrible because of its uninspired song selection.  "Punch-Stunner" by Michael Gartman and "Puff-Stunde" by Hans Zimmer and "Stuttgart" by Thomas Schnaller were bad, but this is only one of many bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a bit unclear where you will be able to go for your money. But then again you might be able too. So the people who wrote the negative review of a bad film: the movie is supposed to have been made in 1993, but only from 1992 onwards is it ever in the same league of films.  If you are not paying attention you will go on a shopping spree for new movies. The actors are also the main reasons for buying a DVD which is supposed the be in your name. But only the main actors are really bad for this one. The script is worse for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie on the big screen in the theatre. The acting is horrible. The whole idea that the movie can never be the same. But I must confess I've never read the novel, but I've always hated the movie because it had a few jokes, but only one of them was funny. The other two are so horribly unfunny as to make you cringe and turn your back in embarrassment. I don't know why this movie was made. I just hated it and I'm sorry I wasted the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read a lot of comments about this movie. This is possibly the biggest bad movie I have ever had the displeasure of sitting through. But in truth the movie was so bad. But the movie didn't make it into the worst of films. The movie was terrible because it was supposed to be a joke. There are so many jokes in this movie, but the jokes are not funny.   A major problem in this film is the acting. But there is a lack of comedy as the movie starts. I could have sworn the other problem I had with this movie was because it failed to be funny. But this just failed. The film was awful in the first scene when it was revealed that the movie would end in 30 days.  The story and the jokes were both bad. This movie was not funny, but if you want to watch it, don't buy the DVD or rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can give this a go, but only if they've cut the movie down to length. I give it a 3 out of 10. It's so bad that I feel I'm having sex in a public place (in some way that's actually not OK).  I've watched this film over and over again over and had absolutely no clue what the film was trying to say. It was like watching a movie from the point of view of a person who has a very weak immune system. The way they're saying it is so confusing and unbelievable that it's embarrassing. In my opinion, they've succeeded in making me embarrassed in public. But if you were to ask me if I could believe that they were trying to do something serious, I would tell you that I couldn't, but they would be telling me the same as they said I was, but I would also tell you it was made with the same poor script that I saw in "In the Beginning" when I was eight and it didn't matter if they changed the script and made it boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Dressed to Kill", "Tough," "Barefoot," and "The Hitcher." "The Killer" (Paul Muni) starts getting killed in the woods by a group of hoods. The two guys meet a guy named "Slim" (Jeff Anderson). Paul Muni is played by John Cusack. The movie starts with two hooded guys meeting at the campfire.  The plot is weak, but the movie doesn't have an interesting concept. The "hitcher" and the "killer" are both bad guys who want their victims to get killed. Paul Munid gets "hitched" by a masked killer who is out to get him. The guy goes to get help from a friend (Cusack) who has gone blind.  If you want to see "Dress to Kill" when you're 13, see "Night of the Living Dead" or "Army of Darkness".  I have to say that the concept is stupid, but there are many holes in the script. The script has so many holes that the script can't be used. If you're looking for a movie with a plot that doesn't make sense, this movie is for you.  This movie has absolutely terrible mistakes and the worst movie I've ever seen. It is a waste of time and money. I can't believe these two things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty funny to see some of these guys, and some of them are way too long.  But the one and only time I watched a movie that I felt like I "got it" was when I was 16 or 17 years old. But this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. They are just a bunch of guys who are trying to escape from the bad movie in hopes of avoiding death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is extremely weak, but it's the only reason I gave this film the lowest rating. But the acting is, at the end, so bad. At one point the character tells him that this is his first chance to make a movie. So I gave the film a 2 out of 10.  The movie opens with a car chase.  Overall, the acting and music are so bad, but the story itself is the most uninteresting part of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a sequel to The Grudge (1998) when the Grudge is finally destroyed.  What's the problem with it was a remake of the original Grudge from 1995.  But, the Grudges aren't even as bad as they are bad. But, they are certainly worse, especially when it comes to sequels (2007) and remakes (2007, 2008). But, it is the first time it is a true sequel and it the first movie since the first one made in 1994.  If it weren't for this movie, the first Grudge remake would probably have made more sense since it has the same story as the original and I'm glad that they added more realism to the movie since there wasn't so much of that in this version.   The Grudge remake didn't have enough depth to justify its inclusion in the Grudging. The Gruds remake is an insult to itself. But for this one, they were just annoying because they couldn't remake the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've already reviewed this movie a couple years back. I've also just seen it, but I still don't really understand how it comes across like this.  Unfortunately, I don't have a clue how this has come to be made. It.  It is very difficult to follow and to make sense of this sort of plot. As such, it is not a great movie.  The director chose to focus on the "poor" people. The characters' motivations and behaviors are not developed and they are not presented in a "humble, even humble", almost "downright" way, but in a cheap, shallow, almost "poor man's" way. The supporting cast is mostly made up of the "fortunate" characters from the rest of the movie. I am not going to waste any time here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, a bunch of idiots just can't make up any creative crap, or they have a group of friends that would love to start. This movie is a really big waste of time. The music sounds like it's been released a couple of times.  Avoid the "so bad" in this movie if you value your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   "Shakespeare in Love" is one of my absolute least favorite films. The casting was especially disappointing, but there's something wrong with that.  And then there's the music. It It It, the songs were bad. This film was the worst example of music and the movie had no plot. There are musical performances by Peter Sellers and a young man played by John Cagney.  But this movie was a disaster. It had an entire episode set in a "Garden of Eden". Sellers is an actor with a flair for the dramatic and the "Shakespeares in Love"-style. And this movie could've been a lot worse if it was made into a film. There is an incident of rape, a couple of other scenes featuring a young woman and a soldier in search of love and happiness. And then Sellers' character was replaced by an old man. That's all it took to cause a crisis. In conclusion, this film is the worst and possibly the worst kind of waste.  This film is probably best known as the film in which Cagneys' character dies. "Shall We Dansu?" it should've been! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew this was a bad film, but I have no idea what the writer, director, or any of the actors were thinking.  All in all, the movie isn't that bad. But it's not like an average "Halloween" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the second time I've watched this film, and it was the first time I had ever laughed out loud enough.  However this isn't a comedy film. It's just a comedy horror film that should be allowed to exist, but it doesn't seem to be in any sort of way. It has a lot of holes in it. It tries to take the audience out of the movie. It is an old horror film, but one that is so bad and not funny. I will be honest and tell you that, like a lot horror films, it doesn`t really fit together well. I just didn`t like it very much. I really think horror films should make the film look like it. I`ll give it a 3 out of ****. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie is, without a doubt, a joke. But the joke is so bad and the film is so poor. The jokes have several degrees of different delivery. But it just doesn't make sense. This is a major disappointment if you are looking for a very slow paced, low budget production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure this film is really a good film because I had seen it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, the main problem was the writing and acting, so I guess it was better than the character development. I am not a big fan of this movie as much, but it didn't really work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A guy falls into a pit filled with fire from above, his flame burns so hot it almost kills his friends. He then, after a while, falls into it, he finds that his friends are dead. He also finds that when he is not dead he is, because of an evil god, or demons.  It starts as, well, an old fashioned horror film. I did not understand the film before it, because I am a horror film fanatic and I know that it will scare the hell out of you. It is a classic example of an average horror film that I could not understand, but it does scare me to death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why people write a negative comment about this film and why they insist on reviewing it anyway. I understand it is an insult to the intelligence of the world, but I think there's nothing that could be said for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so bad.  The only time I watched it was a total waste of time and money, but it wasn't. I'm sure this movie is the worst film ever made for anyone of any age, but, honestly, it is the WORST of the bunch for anyone with a brain that can think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read some of the reviews which are written by the critic, the movie-going public, the film-makers, and the reviewers. I was disappointed when I found out that these guys were not fans of the film, but rather viewers, but viewers who wanted to spend money on "The Good War" and its numerous sequel.  The reviewer's description of the movie is, I believe, very much the same as my own personal review here.  My personal review of "The Great War", for those who enjoy this, it is an opportunity to review it.   The movie is not even half as bad movie-makers who had the vision to see the horrors that the writer saw, but they are so few in number, but the viewer base is so small compared to the reviewers and the audience base.  This is, however, a huge failure.  So, I have nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't get the picture, then you're just gonna have a good time.   You can read the synopsis and a bunch of the movie on IMDb.  There's also a couple of other things in the movie that make you scratch your head (and yes, we know what you're talking about!). And no, we don't think it's a good movie.  And by the way, why on earth did you bother to waste your time on this thing? But there's not much to say and it really is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Some other comments about this movie: I don't think there's any kind of special effect to the film, but the fact that it didn't have an original plot to work with, it's just a good idea. There's a great idea, but it's only the movie that made this movie a success.  A disappointing part of this movie is that there are only 4 of the 9 main characters. The other characters are played by unknowns who don't know who the characters are and therefore don't care about who they are.  It's a pity that this film doesn't have a movie like the last few of the films, which are made in two different styles, as I said earlier. It seems to me that the characters were in the right place and didn't know what happened. The acting is good, the script is poor to mediocre-poor. But I also wonder if the movie makers knew what was going to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie when I was fourteen years old. It wasn't that much better than the rest of the movies I rented...  The first movie I ever saw was "The Dead" and I loved it. The problem is that this movie was nothing more.  The movie I rented was not "The Movie" and is the movie I hated and expected it.  There is a lot of potential in the storyline and I'm glad I finally got the chance to watch it. I still have to be patient with it. It still makes me angry that the movie is in English and its a "BAD MOVIE" and its not a "Bad Movie" but it seems like a piece of art. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm giving this movie 3, because I know the director did not want to ruin it is like some other "movies" out there but he is the director, but it is really bad, but nothing has happened to it. The movie is so bad... and the main thing is really really not even that.  My main problem with this movie is the way it treats race relations. It's pretty obvious why they need to. And that's it. But there are so many problems. But they are really bad ones, but they are not so bad. I'm going to assume these are the main problems for people to begin with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was filmed in a school cafeteria, and was released by VHS in 1992. At that time, it was one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of watching.  I'm really not that familiar with the idea of censorship.  This is the movie that everyone said I don't even know what I'm talking about and who said I should know what they're talking about. It's almost like the old Soviet Union was.    This was an insult to the US and I'm glad I saw it with my buddies when I got home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Citizen Kane"   The ending of "Cameron's Brain"  The beginning of "The Sentinel".  The movie is in a hotel where the psychic (Cher) is possessed. She's being followed by a man who wants to kill her, the man in the white hood (Jared), a police officer and another woman (Linden). The psychic (Linde) is a psychic who sees something, something which looks like a piece of furniture on someone's desk. The whole movie is just very dull and boring. The cinematography is terrible, if only Cameron were a good photographer. The movie has absolutely horrible shots of the hotel where Linde is alone.  A good movie!  "The Eye of Death"  "Godsend"  I'm sorry, I really like this movie, but the movie is boring and the dialogs are uninteresting and the special effects are too big and unwieldy. But don't waste your time, read a bad review about some boring movie: This movie has nothing to be boring about, I mean it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit weak, but that's not what this is.  This is about as much as it is about.  It.   The main problem with this film is the actors who just try too hard not to be terrible... and why are they even speaking in American English? Why is it that was so bad? Why does this bother? Why... why?  A good film! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three people we have seen in the last 15 years were completely different people. The first and last person we saw in the entire movie was a boy in a small village. He was attacked by a woman who was carrying an iron knife and an iron shield. They used iron shields in combat. The boy was attacked in a house that he had been living in for 20 years. He managed to take a sword and kill the woman, his father and grandfather.   The boy's father and mother died in the first 15 years of his life and are buried in a different cemetery. His mother's grave is also in the cemetery.  The three women in the village were also attacked, but only once. They had iron shields and a knife. His grandfather and grandmother's grave was in the graveyard where people are buried. However, only his mother's sister and her son were attacked in the whole movie.  There is also one man who had a knife in his hand while attacking his grandmother. His face was not shown, but he was attacked several times while attacking people. There are scenes in the movie where he is surrounded by a group of people who had been attacked. The men and women were all armed to the teeth. However in the end he is left with a sword, which he takes back and throws back at the woman who had attacked him. The woman who attacked him was also left with her children, her brother and her brother's child. His brother was killed by her brother who she had brought to the cemetery earlier that night.  My rating: a 1.  I watched this movie on the day it came out in 1992 in the UK. But only one of the men in the town in front of the cemetery was attacked and the men were attacked twice in the church.  It is a bit boring and annoying, but that was the point.  However the only man who attacked and killed was the boy. The other man was attacked but died a horrible death. His sister and grandmother were also killed in their own town.  If you like to see a bad film that is nothing else.  Rating: a 5 out of 10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the story? what are the characters? if you know you have been reading the book, if you like you're going to read the book you will know exactly what's going to happen, if not you will think you are going to waste your time with this movie. It was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really the most terrible movies I have ever seen, but I haven't seen the original one since before I started to watch it, but the movie is terrible and it was way too long and boring. But the original did have a few surprises, and it's not even a waste of time or anything. It's a pity it didn't last for more than three hours. But you can tell what they were thinking by now. This movie would have been the best of all. I'll admit I've never seen a movie like this one, but there is a lot of low budget, amateurish, low budget cinema and no point in watching the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A B movie with a low budget is "Funny". He is a "Hollywood Reporter". He tries to write this review of a funny movie: I found this film very boring and it is not the best of the bad movie I am sorry for it.    A very strange thing that is very un-expected at times like this one. It is actually kind of slow at times, but I was honestly bored and could have cared less. It was way too slow and boring. If you have the money, go and see this. It's a shame they made this into a comedy show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The script is atrocious and the dialogue is uninsistent. So, if you don't want to see a series of horrible, horrible, and pointless movies, skip this one.  The film looks like something one would expect from a horror film of its kind. But, this movie lacks the gore and the blood, though, the gore is a whole different animal. The plot is poor at best because it has a series. The gore is the weakest point for a film about a horror movie. This is the kind of film that makes you shiver through your hair and make your eyes bleed.  It is a real waste of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand the concept of the worst movie ever, but I think the writer of the original film was on to something. But if you want to see something which is even worse. This movie is not the worst, but the worst. But it was not a movie that was trying to be funny.    There is a point to this film which could have been written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, which contains some scenes of nudity, is based on the premise that a group of women, known as the "Naked Bitch," is having sex. The film has been compared to "Pleasantville," "The Secret Life of Emily Dickinson," and "Scooby-Doo: Mystery Incorporated," among others. The latter two films, however, have very little content.  I can't give this film any low grade for its bad acting. In the end, it comes across as not all that bad, but this film has so many problems. I give it a two for the acting, and the "bad movie" part is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In his attempt to redeem his reputation he has written three books, but he does not seem to care one bit about this film.  The problem is that he didn't know what to do with this. If you have ever read a really bad review, this movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. This was a really stupid movie that had a bunch of boring, but also really bad effects, but it has the script and direction. I was wondering why people thought this film was bad, but I don't think he would have written the same review.  It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But why? Why is this movie a terrible mess. Well, I think you can figure that out.   Well, you get the movie out of the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well the cast does make up a bunch of clichés...but they can't act. But a lot of these actors, at least the "main character" from the movie, are all of us mortals...it's not even that bad in their acting is terrible. I know that there are so many things to hate in this movie, but it still needs to get better. It is a disappointment to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this one movie, though it was too terrible. This movie was so terrible, and was so incredibly predictable. A waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is about this movie.  I give the movie a 3 because it is not at all! I give it a 1 because of a very poorly conceived and poorly written movie. It's because the director of the movie said it's about a movie that had to be "seen" if you wanted to be shocked. The only reason this movie gets a "1" is because of its plot.  The "WOW!" is a joke when the movie is watched by people who were expecting an independent film from the likes of Ingmar Bergman. It is supposed to be so bad that you were laughing so hard. I'm going to start seeing this movie more often, because it's the kind of thing I would expect from someone who had ever made a "worst movie I've ever seen".  But it's not that great in the end. It would have been great if they had not made so much out of it, but then I saw this movie yesterday for the second time (as I had with every other movie in my collection). I am not surprised that it is a movie for people who like terrible movies.  And I was very disappointed at what they said. I was disappointed that it was about a very long and boring movie, but at the same time I was extremely angry at what I thought was the plot. I couldn't write the same script for two more movies. So I sat through the movie. And you have to admit that at least someone wrote a very boring, long, and boring story, but I couldn`t. But the plot is, well, boring.  In conclusion, what I said above is just a joke, but what I was really saying was something very, very different from a joke I had just made up in my head, but which is not supposed to have happened in this movie, which is supposed by the director to have, but that, and I`m sure, is supposed. It was one of the only movies I had the displeasure of seeing in 10 years of my life which didn't make me sick of the original "Silent House" and "Trolls" trilogy.    The story is so slow and boring. The actors are so annoying and one of them, even a main character, could have had the talent of a professional writer, but not without giving one of his or her lines so badly. The characters are all actors, except for the two main ones that you know are just really bad
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first one is a complete disaster. The only other film I have seen in the theater is the final one. It. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read this review on IMDb. It tells me about a film that was "in the middle ages" that "this film is a MUST SEE".  The film opens with a scene that appears to have been shot in the middle age. The dialogue is very poor and very unfunny, but there are several moments when they appear to be speaking to someone that is old, yet they all do so without the slightest hesitation.  I have the worst of it in the film, but I've still got it. I'm not sure how much I've lost at this point. The film is very dull. It's one of those films that just have too many ideas to be realized, but it's an incredibly dull and poorly written film, so that people who don't really know what they're doing will think I have, but that means that you just wasted your money on a bad film.   This film is not nearly as dull as the writers of this film did. The director clearly knows he's not making a documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. But the only thing that makes me want to rent this movie again is for the original copy in the store. But it's only been a terrible disaster in the making. But for a movie that has to be rereleased in the form of a DVD or VHS copy in order to have been properly displayed on the shelf, the original film should not be allowed to have its original theatrical runs.  The original film had to go, the DVD has to go too. But with this disaster the DVD could have had its own "Cabinet of Doom" of disaster, but even this isn't a catastrophe for DVD.  If you can overlook this mistake, there is a joke that goes something like "A little earlier than this, you had to have your eyes and ears on the ground. If you didn't have, the joke could have saved the DVD player.   If it were, then this isn´t worth renting at your local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't remember the plot (and that's because this film was made in 1993 in a strange way). They're bad. They're not terrible. They just try.  That's pretty much worse than the idea of a child who's going to be killed by this one and it's quite a bit of a shock, but I won't ruin it.  The kid looks like a child. His mom, who's the youngest in her life, is a complete loser. I'll even forgive him. But don't go expecting any horror film, but at least give me a break and let me write a negative reviewing about the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to waste my time explaining why a movie that is like that would waste my life.  In My Name it was the movie about a young girl who learns that she can live in her own world when her boyfriend dies.   The title of the movie says it all. I know most of the people who made it. It is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of the movie, in which it is based on one of the students that attend a bad school in Japan, was awful...  The only purpose I can see for such a production (which I'm glad to say I will see on this site) is the bad. As I said before, the school's bad English teacher was an actual English teacher. It was about half the time, but there was only one part I can remember for the most part.  The music is, sadly, awful. It is not terribly bad.  I can't believe they made the movie to show a total lack of talent. However, I'm not convinced.  There are dozens of problems, and the movie was poorly directed, which is a good sign. The plot is poorly written and the acting is poor at best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's this movie with a woman, a woman who has a life of her own, who is pregnant.  There is no plot. It just drags along on the way to its ending.  The actors do a good job, and there's a lot of plot and characters. I can't think of one I have seen it in a movie, but I can definitely say that there is little character development for anyone who knows anything about this movie. I saw this film when I was 17, I think this could be a "good movie." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made just for the money, but that could be an issue if you think about it is. I knew what movie this was. It is. It was a waste of time and money, and there were a lot of women who were just there, but they were the only ones who spent the money to get there. You can say that again in five years.  This was a very disappointing movie for the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The movie was the only reason I saw this movie - because I'm so used to think that it's only right to be a horror film.  I have to say, it was awful and extremely cheap for a horror movie.  Overall, it's just too unbelievable that they spent 5 minutes on the movie and we only got to see the opening, which is so unbelievably awful. The opening scene alone is worth watching - it's the only thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director says that he has no idea how people will react. He says he wants to write a negative comment about a movie: When I heard about this film I thought it would be an average film. It was an average movie. The only one I saw was the preview I had in my library. However, I do not recommend this film because it was so average.   I have no idea who wrote this piece of crap. I was not aware that this was written by the writer. But I would have to say I am disappointed with the direction.  What is the story? What the director said, but was not able to deliver, is a whole different story, but he had the "good" script, and I have absolutely no clue who the writers were, but I can tell you I had to wait around for about 15 years to write this piece, but that is not the point, but the "plot" is really weak and annoying and boring.  The story was predictable and the characters were predictable, but they were not really interesting, but it was not a story I would recommend watching over and over and you have to give this film a "1" rating 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film I saw was this one, and it was bad.  They tried so hard to make the film boring and boring. The movie was so boring, but it not.  The only thing that didn't work for me was the ending.  All in all, this is a very boring film that I would hate seeing in the theater.  I think they could get a better script than "The Man In Black" did. The plot is predictable and boring if you read the book "The Talented Mister Ripley" which I bought last year to read again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with the first scene with a young boy trying to steal a baby: it ends with a couple trying to save the boy's life. It begins with a boy and his friends trying to sneak past a group of bullies. He's in the middle of a brawl and the girl in front of the boy is about to be slapped. It ends with the girl and her friends in an alley fighting each other. I can just imagine this situation in the future where all of us are playing in the streets and not in the woods. The boy and the gang realize that their play has to stop. But the girls of the future don't believe it.  The whole film is filled with pointless scenes of boys beating each other up. It's just a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would rate this film very highly, but I have no clue as to how bad it was made. The first film I saw was The Grudge (1993), but I must admit, I have never been a big fan of the movie, but this film is just an insult to all who know.  If you enjoy the movie as much as I do, then you'll hate me. There's nothing else to this movie. I'm going to hate you for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man named Victor, after a life-threatening crash, decides to go after his deceased dad, because he could not have been "a big cop". His father, a rookie cop, goes to Victor and asks him what he was doing after his mother died. Victor tells his father-in-law, the father-to-be, and his fiancé, the soon-to be-divorced, to leave Victor alone in the life he has left. There is nothing special about Victor, but his presence in the film made little sense considering that this was filmed before the death of his fiancée and before the breakup of his first marriage, where she and his son were reconciled and they are not together anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with a man in the woods and a woman in a cabin. Both arrive and attempt to leave the cabin, but both escape and escape from the cabin. The only two women that escape are the two women who decide to have sex together in order to save the life of their unborn child. These two women decide to leave together for a lifeboat with a woman that's pregnant. She informs the lifeboat captain of the life boat's destination. She has been with the life-boat many times. The lifeboat also has a hatch that can be opened and the boat is surrounded by a lake. But what happens to the boat after it is opened? The two women escape and are on a life raft. The two escapees reach land on their way to the life raft together. The women escape together. But both escape from their life raft and the life flounders and the men escape together (they have no idea how to escape, but they're scared of a big wave).  Both women and the two men escape from a giant wave in their respective life rafts. But the two people who are on their life flot are frightened of the big wave. The other two women are afraid of the large wave. They decide to wait out the massive wave with the two life flots together in their life boats. They have never been on a large wave before. There's something in the water and something in their clothing that frighten them. The four remaining people on the raft and one on the lifeflot are afraid that they will get wet. They are at the life stage where they are no longer able to do anything. They both have nothing on and no one is making noise. They escape from being in their raft together after one person on the water falls into the water. They try to get the other life flotation device and it opens with one person being ejected from the water (they don't know where the person is and they just don't want to go in the boat and find out where it is). The other person that falls in the big storm is scared that he is going to get wet with a big tide. Then, they just have to find out what to do next. They don't realize that the water on the shore is going up and there's another life flutter that comes after them. If the two flots separate in the middle of the water, they don't go in separate boats. The floundering woman and the drowning
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line that ties this story line is too weak, so the audience is supposed to be entertained or entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie, in the worst way, was about people whose lives had just gotten so complicated.  The characters all behaved like an average person of average intelligence. The people who worked there acted like they were "one of them".  But, unfortunately, they were a bunch of people who had to work in the most unpleasant environment. It had to be a disappointment if you like.   I'm sorry, but it seems that even this movie was a disappointment. I'm glad to say that I didn't watch this for the money I made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a week and a half, but they were just not telling the whole story. They were giving us the "story", but they still try to fill the void with characters and plot. It is simply a story of people going through the motions of becoming teenagers. And the way they do it is by making us see what a teenager is, but the way it is told is by forcing us to do it. But that still is not what "A Story of a Teenager Goes Through the Motion of Becoming a Teenage" is all about. It's just another way to tell a story about teenagers who want to get into a situation, but without it telling you all the story of the protagonist is incomplete.  I saw "Teenagers Go Through the Motions of Becomes a Teenaged", but I did not really understand the way a teenager grows up, but I felt like there was not a reason to "grow up" so much. But instead of being like "How to be a teenager" (in "My Boyfriend Has a Girl Friend", there are no such reasons) and giving the audience the experience, the filmmakers try to make the audience feel that there are things that would make the story complete, but that the story itself is an event which never happens (the ending is a bit long and the ending is terrible and the story is not even complete).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been quite a while, but I know some people who have been to work on a computer for the last thirty years - who I've known for a very long time - don't think I can even write a positive review about them! So when I saw this movie I got very upset over it's very, very slow. It's a shame this movie has never been released in color. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I can say that, at least the plot is interesting. But I don't know of a plot that is. I just saw this movie. And I don;t know of no plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well this was a very bad movie. This is what happens when the film maker decides to remake something. He starts making a mess of it. A couple of years ago a couple of very young people from the suburbs (the movie starts out with a guy and a girl going to the store and having an argument) decide to live together in a big, big, empty house. The house becomes their life. But then it becomes their death. Then it becomes his death. This leads to what was supposed to be an incredibly boring, boring life-like production of a suburban house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One of the worst effects of this film is that it is a total waste of time. It is only a total load of time when the film is a waste of.  One scene is so boring it is boring, but then it is just boring. The scenes are the most boring and the acting is the worst. The whole plot is so annoying and the dialog is the most aggravating and the last bit of the film involves a fight to survive.  This film has no real purpose and is a complete waste of 3 hours of my life.  It is a pity to see such a poor excuse for a film.  The only thing that bothers me in this film are the people who made it.  I am going to give this a 2 for being so poorly made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies. This movie has not been released yet.  This movie, and this movie has been released a lot. I think it has gotten much worse.  I didn't realize the movie was full of garbage. It had only been released after its release in the USA, and has been bought and rented very often.  A friend recommended this movie and I thought it was a great movie.   If you think a movie is OK to watch when you are 18 you must be 18 or have a high school education. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was shot in 1999, and it has a plot line as thin as a piece of paper.  I really hated this film for its awful script and the way it is in a lot of ways it just doesn't work. I had a couple of years of film-making on this one and have never had to re-film it since it is probably better than it was.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story seems to be a real one-dimension problem in many other movies (like "Godsend") this season, but it's still not nearly the problem. There's more to the plot, but unfortunately it's not nearly as bad.  The acting in this movie is by no means terrible - this is a movie you'll want to rent.  What do you think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it's so bad: not even the acting is bad.  They should have let it in because they felt so sorry.  The actors are terrible to a degree, but then again, this movie wasn't that bad. This movie wasn;t that bad, but if you want to waste your time watching this movie you will be rewarded.  This isn't for me, but it's not one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  There's enough to see.  I don't know where this movie came from. It's an old movie to the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just one of those movies where the director and writer get together and decide how this film should be made: and there's plenty of character development (except the story and acting) that just don't exist at the same time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the first scene starts, we are treated to the kind of acting that usually characterizes a comedy about a teenager.  This sort of thing can be done.  The plot of the film is not.  But the problem with this movie is, I was watching this in the hopes that it was at the lowest point when it could have been made. I was surprised that I wasn't bored. It doesn't have to be a joke.  It is a joke about a young boy who is forced to see a counselor because he is gay. If I had known this joke was made about a gay counselor, I would have laughed and laughed until the end. It is not a joke at all, but it is a comedy of a joke, not a comedy. I have never laughed in such a long time. In fact I thought it was the kind that was done on a train platform by a bunch of teenagers or drunk people.  If I hadn't known it was supposed to be so.   It should have been written in the first 20 minutes. It should not have been done on the back of a bus. But, you know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a film this will not do. They will do something else, but the only real film I saw this when I went to see this for the first time. The actors looked really wooden and made me want to throw something on my head.  The production value of this movie was low at least the production values of these other films. This film should have been removed from the video market. But since it cost 2 bucks and is not worth $2 bucks then why was it a $3 movie for me? I saw it because I needed a low budget to rent out a VHS copy of it. But I was not looking for this because the plot was bad, but it is a poor way to try and pass an hour and a half. The other two films I have watched in the past 5 years have also been awful, but if your expecting a really poor film then I highly doubt the quality will ever improve.   What is a terrible movie this? It is really a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, actors and the story is all wrong, but nothing really changes, but the character and story is terrible. This is a bit confusing in its simplicity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have watched this movie many times before and you want to complain about it, please do so now.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the worst film I've ever seen in my life.  I can honestly say that I can see that the movie is about this story very well if I have to say so.  The only thing I can criticize this film is that it's a film I saw in my early 20s and was so shocked by the dialogue in the movie. My parents were divorced for five years and my younger brother and I, who are both 22, were not. So the story line and the characters, however I'm sorry to say that this is a "movie for the masses". It's the type of thing that the people who thought the story was real, the people with autism and the people in need of help in this movie should look at and consider. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of this film because it was way too long. I don't know if anyone watched it because of what i saw and they loved the movie.  I don' remember it, but I haven't remembered watching it.  This film is just pathetic. You can tell you're not watching this film in the right way. You have to watch it without thinking.  So do yourself a favour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a trailer for the movie: a trailer that I rented in 1994, and later bought on disc, I could not see it. I rented this movie in 1994 when I was in my early teens, but I never watched it. It was made in 1995, but it was actually released in 1995.  This movie is horrible. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. In my opinion, it would be a crime against humanity to show how horrible it really is. But this is truly beyond the limits of the mind, with scenes that are not even remotely close to the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this film to be a complete waste of time and money as it shows that the film has no point. This movie will make you want to rent the original.  I saw this film as I was in my prime form. I have only seen this film many times in my life. I will never again rent the film.  As an avid fan of John Carpenter, this film is one of the most disappointing films I have ever seen.  The film is truly awful as John Carpenter is at his weakest as he is forced to deal with people who are the "wrong" kind of guy. In short, I would suggest the viewer to skip this film just because of the "bad guy" problem that it attempts to solve.   If you haven't seen it in awhile, you will enjoy this film for it's terrible plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So it is not. The problem is that there are other people. The movie itself is a pile of crap and a bunch of people. I have to say, this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but I am not sure I am going to waste my time or anything. In fact, I am waiting for it to be canceled.  If you are a fan of this movie you are going to get annoyed. However, I guess you just aren't going to like it.  But the movie isn't a movie I watched, but a movie. It is a film that is really not good at all the right things. It has a couple of funny jokes, but it also is very poorly written and it is way too long, but when I say that you are sitting through 10 movies I really mean that. It just goes without saying. The script is very unentertaining.  In the end I really can't believe this film, but you guys know that this is a waste of time.   The soundtrack is OK. I am sure some people will complain because the people who wrote it don't have to wait for the movie to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But to this day the production values of this film are only around 5.5 or 8.5 (out of 10).  What a tease! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was filmed by Kevin Smith as a comedy writer. Smith, who wrote and produced several comedy movies and was a prolific writer and producer, wrote and directed this movie with a young cast who looked like high school students in high school English class. A young man who has been bullied into a high school wrestling team, is told by his coach that he cannot be given the chance to join the team, which, as a result, is forced to be disbanded as he becomes the leader of the team. The young guy ends up leaving the school wrestling club because he feels that it is a trap and feels that he has nothing to gain from it and feels nothing to give back.  When this film was made, it was shown in a high-budget theater on New Year's Eve 2004 in Vancouver, Canada. This movie had only a small plot, which could have been easily written and directed without the use of bad sets, which were simply poor and poorly directed.  The young man ends up in a small community in the midst of a snowstorm (the boy is from the community and has to get a snow shovel to clear snow). The snowstorm turns into a tornado which hits a nearby house, blowing the entire building over. It's the kind of movie that, as it happens, is so much better than any other movie I've seen. This film is no better than the kind I've already seen so I'm sorry I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When this was shown to a school science teacher, he began teaching his students to believe that all life on earth had been created in a week. When asked about why he was teaching these children, he responded by saying something like this: "This film is not bad, but it's so boring and I have no idea what the hell is going on and there's nothing really special about this piece because there's no real plot, but nothing really is. I think most people in the school were really just watching this film to see something funny, but there was absolutely nothing. If you want to see a bad film, you should probably just wait until someone else decides to release this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's no sign that this film was made in 1972, but that might just be due to the time it was released. But it was a rather poor movie.  The soundtrack, as played through the speakers, had the sounds of trumpets, drums, and snares. The soundtrack had a lot more to say than trumpets and drums and there's nothing in the story line to keep you interested.  If you're looking for a good movie with nothing to say, take this one out on a disc of your local video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I can see this film as a comedy (if you are familiar with such a film, then go watch it and laugh.  So long as the characters are funny and the script is interesting, then we are in the right place.  The whole thing with the robot in the factory is ludicrous. We cannot say anything with more conviction because the entire movie is so boring.   And so is it so boring that it's annoying and the story is so predictable. But it's obvious that it would have been better if they had simply gone out and hired a robot to make it work like a Tardis.  This is so much worse than a joke. And if you don't believe me (if it's even possible for you to believe me), then just skip this film to the end and laugh at the waste of a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is like the original "Roxanne" films, but only without the charm of the original. There is a great story of loneliness and loss of the human being in the first 5 minutes of "Roxy."  The acting is OK, but there are many who will not stand by idly. "Reverse Reversal" is a master class in acting, but even this is not a movie that is "the worst movie ever made" and it is a movie full of cliché's. If you are expecting a film that is the most beautiful story of all time, you will be disappointed, but for the first five minutes of its existence, that's exactly what I am. It's one of the worst movies I have ever known. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is horrible, the plot is boring, and the characters are predictable. The story is predictable, the events are predictable, and a movie is predictable.  The worst I can say for the movie, which is really a movie with a bunch of random ideas, is that its an "experiment" in a philosophy of science. It's a science experiment in the same way it is a philosophy experiment. The movie is so predictable and predictable it borders on boring and the film suffers from bad writing. It is a waste of time in the worst case.  It's all a bit boring.  What can I say? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a really dumb comedy movie. It's a pretty bad movie. So what? It's only a terrible waste of time. Don't waste your time.  I gave this movie a 3 instead of a 1.5 because it was the worst movie i've ever seen. So who needs to see another. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is poorly developed, and the action is weak. The characters aren't developed properly, but the plot is weakly developed.  But the film-makers have not been particularly effective either. So this film seems to have been made with a big budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I'm not one of the few. They have such a way to make you like it. But with the exception of one scene in which a couple of guys is in a room and a guy in a bathtub, you'll love it. I love the movie and I hate the movie for being very pretentious and a bit of a bad acting.  It also shows the film's worst tendencies which are so offensive and the way it shows that there are two different types of violence with different effects. There's no reason for this movie not to be written and filmed to death. It's an insult to the intelligence of a four year old. You'll hate it if you want.  I'm not kidding and this film is extremely bad, but it's a big insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, really. You don't know what a big mistake was. It Was Too Bad. Bad! It Was Worse. It was Worse. If a director is really trying to make this kind of film, I'm sure he has had to have a plot. But, by the way I just saw, it was really slow to start. No plot, though. I am thinking that because the plot is so weak as I expected.  There are few good scenes. Unfortunately, it is in the movie's last 10 minutes that we realize that the plot has changed. The movie's opening is not the beginning of a new story. There are several moments in the last 15 minutes where we are supposed to understand where the movie really went. There is one scene that just does not work at all. We are not supposed to believe the entire movie is only about a story about a plot that could have had a "Worst". There is nothing wrong with the story. But when it comes down to the real meat of the matter: "Worse" (sorry, that's not the movie) is not going to save the world, but is going to kill the movie.  The problem with this movie is that it has one of the worst mistakes ever. It is a disaster, a "big mess". The director clearly has no clue. That is what I was talking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember the first time I saw it - in the mid-1980s. It's Like My Father's Dream  I'm surprised that it has not been released to DVD yet. I'm very disappointed with the length and quality of the music and the animation.  I do not like this. I do dislike when it says there is no sound, but it is very unclear why. I just did not like the first one I saw. I don't know why it would say there is a man talking to another man in the same room - when the man who is talking to the other man is talking back? The man talking is also not a man at all. There is a woman with a baby and a little girl. The story - and I know it would be very boring - is simple - but I knew the guy who was talking to me and the girl with the baby had nothing to say to me. It had the same characters - except that she was a girl. They are both the same person, but she was not the same character.  The animation is so bad, it's hard to differentiate between the different people in the two different rooms. I was very disappointed when I saw the two little girls - the ones I just described, but this just looked like it. I really hope they release the DVD as soon as possible.   I was disappointed that they gave it a high rating (1 star) and gave it only a 1 instead of a 2. If you like it, go and see it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea was stupid. But what if a movie is about a woman whose life is threatened by her partner? She wants to be killed and so he kills her. The killing in the film is the only one time I have ever seen this film. This movie is like a video game. The characters are the same. They act like characters in a video.  The problem with this movie is that there are few scenes that make me think I'm in some sort of sci-fi novel. I think most people in the cinema who watch this film are like the people who played the video games. The plot is weak. It is not a video-game movie. The only one thing I found that made me think this was in a sci-Fi novel was when the man gets into a black hole and he meets his girlfriend and her father. They try to escape. I couldn't believe that. However, if this movie was made for kids I would have thought it was. But this movie doesn't fit into the genre.  This film is terrible. It has nothing original. The director could have made the movie better. He should have told people in film school that he had a really good idea. He tells the story to his son. But if they had bothered to watch this movie at a junior high school the teacher should have explained that the man is not good. It's a bad film in the same genre as "The Day After Tomorrow" or "The Terminator".  It really is.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (I am not kidding.) The first time I saw this film I just gave this one a 2.  (It.com) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie "Somewhere in Time", which I saw it in the theater, is about how time moves and how it all happened. The story of "Somethings" is very different from that of "Shes". A time-traveling magician who has no idea how to solve the mystery of "Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet" as well as that of any other Shakespearean play. It is the first Shakespeare play I saw. It was bad.   It is still bad and poorly written, but the original "shes" was not. The actors are not great either and they don't even have the right to be paid. I think the original Shakespeare version was better than this. A story where an ancient and terrible monster comes to England and kills many young boys to protect its queen.  The actors don't act like they are from the stage. The writing is poor. I really hope this movie gets a DVD-ROM re-release and it is because of the DVD.  I also think it is very stupid.  So in my opinion, a movie is not Shakespeare. The best way to see "Shakespeares" is to see something else, but even then it is not. However, even this is the movie you do NOT want to waste your time watching it.  There's only a little bit of the original text.  It may be an original "Somersault" which I thought was a little lame since I was expecting some "new movie".  I am sorry but the whole point of this was to be a bad, but at the same time I know I won't see any "new" Shakespeare. But, of course I would if I could. The original "Shames" is an original play of mine and I hated it because I felt it had come a long way to be. I hated the play, but hated "Somes", but hated the movie too.  My Grade: F  I really don't know if "Somer" is really that "bad" or if "Shez" is bad as badly written and boring. It's only one of the many things I think this movie could be compared to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life. I do not believe this movie was directed by the same director as the previous three movies I have seen. This movie's plot is the WORST movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can understand why it is so disappointing to people, but the premise of the movie isn't exactly what people expected. It Is what's in the back pocket.  The film contains the usual low budget horror film in all its bony glory. The cast has an almost absurdly long list of known bad actors. The script is just the most visible sign of this film's incoherent lack of originality. I can only hope the director and the actors are on solid ground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the last 20 years, most Hollywood productions with a good storyline have had their roots in Mexico (and the film had an English translation with subtitles), but they have only been so far. The actors have been very good, but in the end the actors were the stars of the film, and thus made the movie less like a documentary documentary, but like a piece of art and artistic expression. Unfortunately the film suffers from a lack of imagination, but this could be a problem, however, it is not possible, but at least the film has enough of itself to inspire the critic and filmmaker. However, the film does not have the "experience" of a documentary.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't even fathom what was going on when the movie was released. But it's quite obvious when it comes out as a VHS-compilation. In my opinion it's the worst film of the lot because the production values are so low. The story has to be told. The acting is poor to poor. The only plot I could see was the one about a man named William who is a drug dealer. In one scene William is talking to the girl's friend, who we knew, was the girl who had the baby. They had to have had such a bad plan, but in many scenes the characters were poor to homeless.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have given this movie a 1 star and it was not, in fact, just a joke. There was very poor production and editing. I don't know what the problem is with this movie. I'd give it a 2 out of 10 because it has a very bad plot and the cast doesn't match the script.  This movie is at its best when watching it for two reasons: 1) the cinematography is horrible, the acting is horrible and they are boring and 2) the plot is not too weak in the slightest.  I give it 1 out of 1 because it had an "entertaining" plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I know the movie was written for children - it was OK.  The ending is one of the best parts of the movie.  But if you read the book (which is, unfortunately, one of many I read) then you will realize the movie had a lot of mistakes. However it wasn't written for the purpose of a children's movie. It was written to make it seem like the book was written in the middle ages - if you are the type that likes to go back and reread the book, then you might be disappointed when they explain the mistakes. And for the sake of argument, we must agree the mistakes are the result of a writing error, but only for the duration of the picture, but otherwise it is poorly made and the ending really is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first trailer shows the actor, who played the father, on a beach, in a bikini. It It's awful, but when you see the man naked in his underwear and with a towel over his face, you think he has been hit.  I would rather see a naked man and see how that turns out. It's like "The plot is about this man, but his body is just a joke. The plot is stupid, but the comedy is weak.  The film begins with three women walking in a cemetery, but we are then treated to two more scenes where the women strip naked and then some more scenes in which the women run to the shower and have sex. But as in many scenes in the film it is the women walking and then the men that are naked, it's the same men naked, but I was in the wrong. It isn't funny.  This is the film that made me hate sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was never a good movie in the first place, but it's a real shame to have seen this movie in its entirety.  It's a shame to see a movie where a man who looks like a man should, well, himself, is reduced to such a thing.  All in all, I give this film 4 1/2 out of 10 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens on a new high school class that turns it into a "Dreadful" class to try and convince the girls to join it.  It is NOT a good idea as the class struggle is all one big event, but there is nothing particularly good in the film.  The plot gets a lot weaker, but not in an interesting way, so the film is a rather slow ride.  I do not know why the plot was so bad at this point, but this movie doesn't get much out of it, but does not get the movie, but the story is weak in it's attempts to be, but it's not really the most interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only time i saw this movie, it was only the end. I was not going to give this movie a "1".  The movie was "bad". But the story wasn't. The movie is the kind of movie where you expect a "story" to make you care, but it fails in other ways. The dialogue is terrible to say the least, but you can understand why some people might be offended by a movie that doesn't even care. The problem is it does not matter at all. It fails because it failed. If it fails because the audience doesn't care what happens to this story, then that defeats the purpose of the film, but if it fails due to the actors, then it makes me really mad.  A "story", as in, "why didn't they make it more entertaining".  This movie is just a very bad movie. I don't understand why. It doesn't matter at the end of the day. This was made in 2002 because the movie failed miserably when it failed at making a point.  I don`t even know what people were thinking in 2002, but I don´t understand why people in 2002 would make this movie. You get to see a couple of "bad" actors.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was shot by a group of amateur documentary filmmakers who were working on a film, and whose film was banned. However, this film only goes so far, but the worst it an awful thing. I thought the film was as much a documentary on a documentary.  The movie is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't believe any movie should be made without subtitles.  It just is a waste of time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is also directed by John Gielgud. It seems To Be an attempt To Be An Example Of The Worst Movies In The History Of Cinema: A Film That Actually Makes Sense Of Life and Of The Reality Of Life In Film  A good way to think through all this.   I wish that the whole movie was in color and that the ending was different from what you see in The Book Of Esther.  My Grade: C (   The movie is rated as M:I and is out of print. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is obvious from the title (which is almost mandatory, because of a lack of continuity) that the film starts "The Way It's Done" - which is basically what The Way was supposed to be about in the first film, in the middle of the film. But when The Way's sequel starts (in this film) the story of a group of thieves who rob an ice-cold frozen river, it's so badly mangled that it's hard to tell if they're really, you know, inanimate. But it's also obvious that the thieves who get caught (and who die horribly in front of each other) are in for the long haul - that is, their corpses are going to rot for eternity and the river will freeze over. It's hard as hell to believe that The Way, and The Way 2, are the first films that contain this atrocity. The story is stupid, and the writing is awful, and you know you're in for a real shock.  It's a really bad movie. But I've seen worse movies on many occasions. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's so funny? What's next? A few years ago this was the worst movie I had ever seen in my life, but it was a mess of garbage. Not in the sense of plot, but the character development. The direction was OK, but when it came to special effects, this was way too much garbage. I saw this movie in 1999, but that's only because I saw it when I was 9 years old. The only problem I have with it is the budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a group of men running for the woods and a group hunting a deer. The main character looks like a boy, but the deer-woman looks like an old woman. When the deer hunters run away, the deer dies. The story is simple. The dialogue is simple and uncomplicated. If the main character is a woman, she doesn't act like an adult. And when the main characters are male, they act like men, but their speech is uneducated and the script is simple as you would expect.  It's unfortunate when a story has to be told. The man must act like a kid, but he acts like a grown man, but his behavior is uninspired by the story. The deer hunters are not. Instead, he and the deer hunt together. If you want to see the film in its purest form, check out this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then it's about to be even worse.  But there's no time to think!  And the worst comes to a grinding halt when the producers realize that the movie-goer is going to hate the whole thing, but only if they make the whole movie!  What I did like was the idea that this movie is some kind of "poor" movie. What I hated was the fact that it was "poor". It's as if I hadn't heard the whole idea of the movie! But they put the words "poor", "movie", "goose", "pig", "kid", "spare", "suck", "belly", "mouth", "head" etc. and the result is just a joke! But it's not a joke.  I'm not kidding. it is not like "Goosebumps" or "The Secret of NIMH", but the fact is that this is made like you've just thrown money at a starving man and his family to give him everything he needs. I gave this movie an out-of-focus "1 out of 10" rating just to keep it in my mind, but I had to put it in the garbage, it's like watching a video that was made in a day to give me the full effect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is kind of funny. But I'm not sure I agree with this. This was a really bad movie, but they were so very predictable. The acting was the only thing that annoyed me, but it didn't work. In fact, it did. But it wasn't funny.  And the characters were boring. I could say what I wanted to say.  It wasn't very long. It is just dull. If you don't think so, you will be bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to rank this movie in the "worst movies ever!" The premise is a bit weak (and predictable) for me. If you are going to watch this movie (or any of the other films I know of, which are as awful, boring) you would have been better off watching something else.  The acting is amateurish, but the script is atrocious and predictable. The plot is, at best, boring. You know what they're trying to do.  My Grade: C  I only bought this film because it was so bad, and I was hoping to waste money on it. The movie's storyline is awful and illogical and, and this movie is, as I said, a bad film that I can't stand. The premise fails to make the movie worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end of the movie the guy has been shot, then the guy's girlfriend has been killed. But the only girl who's in love has been dumped, but the guy doesn't love her. But this was the movie where it became so obvious that people laughed in the middle. But it has to be, but it's just too predictable, but there's still nothing to be said for the movie. The ending was also predictable, and it was made to look like a movie with much potential. And the plot wasn't.  So the bad movie, but overall, the movie was one big disappointment. But you really can't appreciate it. It's not good for comedy, but just too bad if you're looking for something to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If the actors were as good as the main actors are, this movie is only a waste of one more movie you should miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is your opinion on the main topic of cinema and the subject matter?  This is a bad film for a lot of reasons. I was a film critic. I mean this is a huge waste of time to waste your time and I really don't care if I waste my time on a video camera or a hand-held camcorder. It's not a waste of money at all. It has so much potential to be better than this piece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is very slow and I couldn't believe it would be such a good movie! The acting is OK (or so, I assume) with many clichés which I found in a previous comment, but this is a real joke of low budget independent film-makers who try and make a joke out of nothing. Unfortunately, it is an indie film with an indie director who really knows how to make a good film! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a few problems, but then the story got a bit better, but when did they ever? Not when the main characters are bad.  When this movie was released, it looked like it was a total rip-off of "The Terminator". The plot was about a robot who comes to Earth to kill all of the human race in order to save the rest of humanity.  This version looks a lot like "The Day the Earth Stood Stupid." But instead of focusing on how people were dumb, how did this movie focus on the main character. It was a bit like "Dead and Breakfast" meets "The Rookie" meets a "Ghost in the Shell." But the plot was a much bigger concern, but they didn't have to have a lot of "fun". This movie was really bad acting, but the plot could be completely different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is called "Boomerang" and "Tango".  The song is the same and the animation is identical. A lot of the shots in the film are blurry, and the soundtrack has been removed from the film. The characters are all Asian, and in this case that means Japanese.  As the film progresses, the characters are going from Asian to Japanese, but the animation in the process moves from Asian into Japanese, and that is the only difference.  However, this film does have one major problem. In that case it could have been the worst film of all time. If you were to judge it based on all the negative reviews and criticisms I have received in the past couple of years, this movie is a waste of time. It had everything! The script, the story, the dialog, the locations, the sound and the music are bad, because the actors were poorly directed and acted.  Overall I give it a 3 because "Buster" was the first Asian film I have ever seen, and for some reason the movie was so awful. But if you think about it critically, it can just be the worst thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've been going to see "Muppet Horror" with this cast on some nights since I was six years old, but I haven't seen any of those movies at all. If you want to see a horror movie this one isn't even worth renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film version of this movie contains only the most basic plot, a bad acting, and a couple of the worst clichés I expected from this series. I would expect nothing. And a few scenes are particularly awful to look at. I gave this one an F because it's like a sequel to the original. But I've just never watched this series at all.  If you really like it, then you should skip it. It's the only way I could say this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are drawn with extreme violence, and the violence seems uninspired.  The violence isn't what really sets this movie apart from the other movie, but they make up for most of the rest of the acting.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line in this picture doesn't make it very watchable - it's really not funny, but you get the feeling of not being able to laugh.  I am going to say something positive about a movie, which is really the only one I can remember ever being so boring as to put a person in a coma for days. I did not expect "Dressed in pink" for two hours, but the fact that the actors didn't act like real people and not as I expected in a film called "The Lonely Life of Alice" and other films, but instead as in "The Naked Kiss", which is a rather slow paced and often predictable lesbian film.  The fact that these people do not know the secret life of each other, which would explain why it's impossible for the lovers to be married without one of them die? It is a slow paced story of how two people in love will live out their lives - it has a few scenes of the life of the lovers, which will make you sick. There are a lot of scenes which make you sad, but these people act like that they are just teenagers trying to learn from one another.  This is not a movie which needs to explain the concept of life, which we cannot think of. In fact, I am surprised that a woman who is in love with her boyfriend is still living her life, but that is not explained.  "The Secret Life" is only just a waste of a movie - but it's a shame because it ends with Alice turning in and admitting she loves her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this film does is really is really something like an exercise in futility, and you could say that it's the only film that I have ever seen that is bad to have been made with such poor acting and bad script. This one is one of those movies that should have made its way into my top 5 of the worst movies ever made.  I mean, the film was pretty bad, but that could have been a problem for itself.  If you can find this, I say buy it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like this film because it's so unfunny (the ending alone is one of the worst jokes). The director doesn't even bother to include a joke at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was weak, the main idea was weak. This movie was extremely predictable. They didn't have to act. They just had to act and nothing else happened.  This movie is so predictable, it's as if you're sitting in a movie theater waiting for your cue. This was a very dull movie, but when it finally comes out, the plot takes a back seat.  A complete waste of it's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I was waiting for this movie to be released!"  "It's really weird."  "The whole movie is the story of one man and his dog in a car crash."  Then he tells the guy that he's going to build a new house and he's not going to give him any money because he was a man, but because he has his family he won't have anything. But he says that's it. He says that was it. But in this movie he says he was going to go and find a woman and she said that was the problem. But what is the problem? He says it was about the family and the marriage. But she says there's nothing he could have done and he says there wasn't anything he could do. But there was nothing he couldn't have done. He goes on to say that he doesn't know what he was talking about and he doesn's not talking about that, but the only problem he had was finding a woman who could have been his wife because she wanted him to find out that she was pregnant because she didn't know she was going that far. She had to find a man. He was in love and he was in the house and she had to come with him to the house because her mother had died. He also says he didn't do anything in that house because he knew he was married and he hadn't left the marriage because he couldn. But that would have meant he would have found someone who could've been his partner because he had his family with him, but he wasn't and he didn"t. He said she wouldn't have been in the car when he was on the phone, but she was with him when he had a family with her. So he didn. He went to find someone who was pregnant. So the marriage didn't work and the pregnancy didn't last. He had a dog when he went to the dog house. He didn't give him food or water. His dog was a very small animal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie, "Boomerang", was very much like "Tango", but with a much stronger plot and some character development than usual.  I'd really like to see this movie released in the USA on DVD and on VHS. The DVD is much like a real DVD that I have to buy from a major retail chain. It's a disappointment for any fan of Tango, but I can't really say I've ever seen it before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can tell you exactly how the hell could have been so hard core, or even made this movie a contender for the worst film I've ever seen in my life. What could have stopped it was so unbelievably bad. The plot of the movie is terrible, but it is very thin at times. It is bad for this movie. This movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first 30 days it was so bad that it's like a cartoon.  This film is so obviously a low budget film for a middle class teenager. It Is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is nothing to be said about, but it will be forgotten. The film is a disaster, and the acting, in spite of the atrocious music-video production, is terrible.  This film will be remembered as the worst disaster to hit Bollywood in the 90's, but its plot, as bad as it gets, is an excuse to be made. The actors are the worst actors ever, and they are so-so and so-silly.  Avoid watching this, and avoid watching this movie, at least if you like Bollywood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot in this film is so predictable, so predictable.  But in the end the director and star, both of them, play characters who play out their roles quite well. Itself. The only reason this film has a lower rating than that of "Funny". But that rating is only just low, as the rest of the movie is so completely non-linear and the story is predictable. It's really a pity that the film gets to the point, so that people can get used to its bizarre "feel-good" (a good idea, but the film doesn't work well at all, which is another reason to give it a 1).  If you're a fan of old "Star Trek" and the original "Trek" franchise, you should give this film a 1 out of 10, it's very, very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So you think you're not going to like this movie: it has no real story, but the script is poor and the dialogue is boring. You just want to see something else.  The script is mostly bad and the story is basically boring. The story was boring. I'm not going through the movie like this. It was the worst of the movies, but it got boring because the director was bad. Then the movie got boring.   A lot of the actors in the movie are really bad (he's really the worst offender in that category). But the plot was poor and they just didn't act their way out of acting. They just wanted to act like they were in this.  One way of saying it is that you have the same basic characters that you would in a film like this one. But you can still get something out of this, but you're kind of an idiot.  What a waste of time!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was made in 1999 and so was the one where you have to watch, like, see a car crash. This movie is so horrible and the main character goes to a rehab center and says, 'I don't know why I was there for a year.' But if you want to see a bad and very boring movie this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the movie ended, the producers of the original and the film version of this classic have a mutual agreement in which each other takes one of the films in turn. The only problem is that it is the only movie which is not on any level bad, but is a great choice for a family film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are very, very unbalanced - and they're all wrong - and there are no more movies this side of two decades-old.  It is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as this movie was in the first two episodes, I saw it in the theater with my friends. They all laughed out loud and kept laughing out loud. I had to take them to the movies, but then I decided that I was going to start watching the entire series for what it was. It was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked this type of movie you will hate me.  A lot of people in the beginning liked this movie. It is the type of film I was so afraid to say to myself "why are people so happy and so willing to spend money to see it".  If anyone was looking for a movie that doesn't make you angry and doesn't create a lot of emotion, but they are going to be disappointed. The ending I will admit was really weak, but this is the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of sitting through.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's as if you believe this is a movie made in 2005 - but, that's all.   The worst possible scenario for a movie: "Screaming", for the record.  (It's a horror movie that relies on terrible and ghastly events that are "unexpected" and happen every time a person dies.)  The premise for this movie: Well, we don't get that. So far, but the whole premise is based on a person who kills an ordinary "killer" by letting out their last scream.  There are scenes where the actors are supposed to be "dead", but they just turn into more "gory" scenes and the story ends.  The only "main" thing I can think of, though. Is the fact that the actor playing a "killer", "screaming" and "gorging" is terrible and "deadly" and that the "killer's" are "dead". But that doesn't make this movie "the worst of the worst".  In fact, I don't know what I'd do if I saw this movie at a midnight showing on a video rental store.  But the actors should be "real", but their acting is horrible. "The killer", "the killer" and the "scared" killer all sound too corny and, sadly, the only thing they actually appear real - which is what a movie should be - is what the people in the theater do and they're supposed to act "real". The killer (one in the audience has to) "acts" like an "ordinary" person (one of the people watching), but the person they killed could have. The person they were scared of wasn't an "innocent bystander", but only a person they didn't know was a "real killer". But then, if they just went and said, "Aren't we supposed to believe in all killers? Aren't we suppose to believe they're "real"? But, they must have, but that's it. This movie is a terrible waste of time if you're looking for mindless horror and, if you want a real "shock".  The actors are actors whose lives have been changed by something awful, but they didn;t do it "with intent to shock". "It's like I was watching a kid with Down Syndrome" or a "child who was "born", but this movie is for a lot of people who don't have Down Syndrome
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (You can do some real comedy here and there's nothing remotely funny and in this film, but they were laughing just about the characters and jokes)  The only real joke in this movie was about a black guy (Dennis Smiley) who is a comedian, but he was a black comedian who could not stand up, but instead used his body as a stage. His body is a stage in front of a black audience in the theater who can only watch him stand up. The only problem I had with this movie: the dialogue was a lot more fun than the script. He wasn't trying to be funny, but funny. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. This movie made me hate the concept of a real black comedian playing himself.  The problem is, you don't get to see any jokes and funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the movie "Alone In The Dark", starring a young girl who discovers her dad has been decapitated, so the girl knows she has been killed, but her boyfriend knows the dad is alive. He thinks he is just going to die and that's why he's running away from the father (she's not), but why would he give up her own life if he knew she was going to end it? The girl and her date (the boy is the father's "boyfriend", but the father isn't actually "dead") are both at the top of their class in school, so that's a good story if you have time to kill. If you don't, if you don´t, if your just going through your typical teen angst, it doesn't matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the only movie that I had ever seen that wasn't a complete disaster.  I was disappointed. I'm not disappointed.  This movie is really awful and I don't think I could have been.  The writing is horrid and the jokes are stupid.  My rating: **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In addition to this movie, there is also the story of the little girl who was pregnant after being raped and then the little boy who was going to be adopted and the little sister who is getting married. In fact, the movie tells us that the little brother is getting an abortion. It is very much like when The Grinch came to visit the house and the family is planning on leaving, the sister goes into labor, but that leaves the little kid's future uncertain. There are many situations that are totally contrived and implausible and the characters are very fake and the movie looks like it was filmed on a low budget. I can honestly say that I saw this movie at my local video store when it was released (because it is available) and it was disappointing. I was never satisfied with the movie, but it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It was so horrible to the point that the viewer becomes like me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are all very unlikable and the plot is mostly uninteresting, and the comedy is bad and boring.  I'm afraid I'm going to go back to watch this because I went back to rent it just didn't work. I can't wait to see how this movie turned out when I'm in the mood for it. I was disappointed, but that doesn't make this movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over ten years since I was in my 8th grade English class, and I thought it was just a little too much. A few years later, a movie called "Rabbit in the Sky" is just so much better than "Ragtime", but it is so much worse than "A Brief History of Nearly Everything" is. This has been done with no regard for the art, but instead is a bunch of pointless shots of rabbits. A bad plot, and some of the worst movies I've ever seen on a really bad day (or just really, really bad ones). The plot is bad (but what?), but the acting is terrible. They should have used more actual actors and made this better. The plot can't have been the only problem with this movie, but it's the most egregious thing I've seen since the year 2000.  I saw this movie in a crappy theater, and it was a total waste of time, but I wish I'd known to avoid seeing it if I was going to see this movie. I wish they'd just showed this movie instead of "The Little Mermaid" as I have only recently read the book. "The Lady of the Rings", and the rest of the books, had much better characters than this.  The story and story are so bad, but the "Bagpuss" and "Troll", and all the other "Disney" films, and the book were just "Babes in Toyland" (i don't know if I'm one of them, but in my opinion that's how they are.) So in summary, if you were going to rent "The Lion King", it would have been better to just rent "Bunny In the Sky", but I can only think about a real problem. "This movie isn't worth renting, but if you're going to waste the money, just save yourself the money! "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie yesterday for about 5 minutes, and it just came off as one of the worst movies ever. What the hell is that?! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film that I rented in the first six months, it is actually a film that is supposed to have nothing to do. It. It has nothing to say, and its message is not understood in a way that is useful or helpful to me or anyone else. In fact its message, "I'm trying to understand the message from the movie," doesn't seem like the message the message is trying to communicate. It is supposed, in a word-for-word way, to convey the idea that this message is meant to convey.  When someone writes a negative movie, they must write: this is what I was trying to say. I am not telling you to read the message, but it is a message.  And, well, it really is a movie that has nothing meaning at all. It just has no meaning. That's the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But the only two things I'm ever going to review here are that I know I was going to see this film first. Unfortunately for all involved, I can only write about the films I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was shot on location in Mexico City, Mexico City is an area of some of the biggest cities in the world. The locations chosen for the film include the main plaza of Mexico City (where the director is believed to have made some of his most celebrated movies) and a nearby hospital, the hospital of the mayor, and the nearby main library. A young boy is brought from the orphanage into the city to learn his skills as a doctor, a photographer, and a photographer. He learns, however, that the city is not a "place of learning". The city is a place where one can meet new friends, meet old friends, and build a new life. The orphanage is a real place, with real life, and people in real life that are not from real life. I can think of several real life settings that this film might be. Unfortunately, if you are a fan of Mexican folklore, you will have the same problem as with the movie before it. One of the scenes, in which the old woman talks to the old boy, is very reminiscent of the old man who tells the young boy that "my love will be with me forever".  As a teenager, I liked the idea of making love with the old, but the movie is full of clichéd situations that have been told before and that will be told again by the director and by the actors. The film is one of those "art films" that I've seen when I was young. The music score is as old as the story.  The young boy, when he sees the old girl, is completely convinced that the old lady would be happy, and that the other actors are not "real" people, but "some fake" people. "My love is with me."  The cinematography is poor, and so is the sound. The actors are amateurish, and we are told that some scenes were shot on a bad budget and with bad sound quality, but there is absolutely no effort whatsoever made to present a real-life setting or a real story. The movie does not suffer from being in a hospital or being from an orphanage. I mean, really, there was a plot. It has a story which I was not paying attention. It was a pity.  "My Love is with Me"  The "My" in the title refers to love itself, and it means nothing more than that this is a bad film from the point of view of a young boy and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed out loud. But, when I was a teenager (around the ages of 13 and 14), I saw these movies. I said it was only about a group of friends being forced to go to live with their families. But then I realized that it was actually about people that had problems that I had. But I also realized that the movie was mostly about the problems in our world that our world has caused (not the problems that our society has created).  I think that the problems are actually a little different from those problems that exist on other planets.  The main problem is that our problems are not the problems we see in the movie. But it is obvious that problems exist. It is also clear that our troubles are not problems that we should work ourselves into.  I am sorry for this. I also wish that we all worked a lot harder and that we were better of communicative. It makes me sad that the people in our lives that we love are not our problems and that the situations we see that are not ours are not my problems.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie itself is quite amateur when compared to the director's previous movie, which was much better and more consistent than this one.  The only reason to watch this movie for a lot of money, or for the first time ever.   The film-making, photography and editing are amateur at best, but none of this movie is amateur.  Even if you don't like what the director wants to do, you'll be watching a movie that's far from a "worst" film like you would ever expect.  This is a "horror" movie that you can sit and scream in the most unsatisfying, most un-funny parts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get to thinking that's it a bad thing, that's the plot.  A lot of people said that in the first 10 minutes of "Crouching Tiger", you get a very good idea and that's what made the movie possible. In "Cunning Angel", you find yourself at one of the hottest spots of the whole movie world. However, in "Criminally Insane", you can see all the plot that the film makers were going for with their big budget. They just had better money. But it was not a good film with a few good ideas. That's what makes this movie an even bigger disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a movie I can't even think of - it's sooo disappointing.  This movie has so many problems. Why was this made? Why was it was on for a year. The only way this movie could possibly be a disappointment is if you think it has to be a complete waste of time, but the fact is that this movie is just not very good, but just bad.  And so it was, but it wasn't just terrible in the slightest degree. There's not very well written, but this movie does not make a whole lot of sense. There are so many different plot holes it's unbelievable. The actors aren't awful, but their character work was horrible.    And the biggest problem I have with this movie, but I'm sure it had to happen to the least of us. Not that we should expect a movie that was predictable, but instead we should take our time, relax, and enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of movies I thought were interesting or that were interesting to watch because they are not as predictable as I thought. But I knew I was going to see one of them before I watched this movie. This was really one big disappointment I had with the movie.  The movie is a bit thin because the story is a mess of clichés - the movie really isn't at all that interesting at all.  There is no real plot and the movie is made by a team of big actors who do a fairly decent job with what they get. However, if you don't care about any of that, watch this movie without the expectation of anything.   This is a real waste of a movie - especially in the beginning. The acting is atrocious and the acting isn't exactly terrible.  It is unfortunate that, despite the fact that this movie is about the bad movie that is so boring and the characters are boring - not as they are bad or as the movie has a very low budget. And it is also a bit disappointing and a bit weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst of the movie, though I am a huge fan of the old "Gillbert Report" and "Waldbauer Report", this film will do nothing for me and it fails miserably as a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then we are reminded that the film had the potential to attract audiences to see a movie with the same name. I cannot fathom why that name, that which seems only fit for making short films, is so offensive or offensive. The characters, the situations, the dialogue... the characters, in the world, were so unsympathetic, but the plot and the ending were.  But there are so many different characters, it would be possible to make a list of them, and it is impossible. There is an enormous amount of unnecessary plot and characters, but there is so much more I could comment on.   But I think all I want to say is: if you cannot accept the basic premise of a movie that is, if you are unable to accept the premise that the movie is so completely unconnected to the events that they were unsymbolized in the film, then you are not a "serious thinker" in the slightest. The movie is utterly predictable, but this story is a terrible catastrophe. The plot is incomprehensible and completely unbelievable.  I am a fan of such films, but I am only really enjoying this movie because of the way in which it is a catastrophe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole film is like one big, stupid, unwatchable joke or joke that you can't believe in. And so what is the problem?  There is no story, no plot, no character development. There are no dialogs, but the story itself is predictable, predictable and self-defeating. And what makes this one such a waste of time? The acting is terrible, the sets are cheap, the jokes are corny and the plot is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched most of these films, but I still couldn't stand this one. The plot is so weak. In a movie like this, there's so much potential for violence to happen. It is a prime example of why I am not going to go and watch anything for the sake of violence, but violence will happen anyway.  The DVD release of this movie is so disappointing that the DVD player is going to be a whole lot more enjoyable. This movie isn't worth watching for violence or even violence. The worst thing about the movie is the lack of action, a lack of intelligence, but a lack for logic and intelligence is never a good thing. It's the movie that just does nothing and gets in my way. It only has problems for people who actually know what the movie actually is about.   I would say the acting in this movie was the worst thing I've ever seen in a movie: the only problem that I have with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a good thing that I can see the movie. And, by the way, the movie itself is really not that much to begin with. It's just something to look at.  The movie starts out very quickly.  It starts to drag on, with one or two bad mistakes, so I'm not going to give this movie the benefit of the doubt, but just to show how stupid this movie is.  There are some mistakes that are very predictable. One of these mistakes is the "wasted" mistake, where the man in the mirror has to walk all over the man himself before he can kill him. This mistake just makes no sense whatsoever. But the biggest mistake I had with this movie was the "WASN'T IT THE BIGGEST BOMB GAME EVER?" That was my biggest complaint.   It doesn't matter how you make a film about a guy killing a woman, but you should always be smart when making a film. Avoid wasting your time, but don't waste your time. But, the "biggest mistake I made about a film is that I found it boring, but the biggest waste of time was the mistake where I sat down to watch it for the first time. When watching this movie, you will be very disappointed. Avoid this at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes of the movie is a disaster that is blamed on the whole movie.  There are dozens of characters that have no motivation whatsoever. There is a lot of dialogue that seems to be cliché, but it because the movie lacks style and looks. The script isn't all bad, but the script in the movie seems like a bad choice of words and a lot less effort is put into developing characters, but I'm surprised by the poor script writing and the bad script I just didn't notice at all. The movie had no action and no plot. There are a few things that seem like the characters aren't that bad.  The characters aren of course, but they're all poorly developed as the movie goes on. The story doesn't make much sense, but there are enough scenes to keep you from wondering what could be the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is based on a popular cartoon, and this one has its fair share of problems.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   No, but this movie is not even as bad movie--it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is one of the few things that I can say this is from the start of the worst of his films. It's from a time when he was at the top of his game.  I saw this film when I was 10 and it came off like it was made in 1990 and they had "the sequel" to "Aliens", but it only lasted a couple of years. I was extremely skeptical of this film, but I couldn't finish watching it after 5 years. The movie starts to fall apart.  The director doesn't help the movie, but there's little to no suspense and the acting is atrocious and the music is awful!  I'll give it 4 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the reviewers here said that this was a poor movie. I can say the same. But there are other reviewers out there saying, "it's the worst movie I have ever seen in my life" or "this film has it all."  I can't say that much for this movie. They obviously were bored and would rather say, "you know what they say that movie is? it's the WORST MOV I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE, but it's not what this is about.  If you are looking for a movie that isn't good, you might like this. If you want a movie to make you "not" see this if you are bored and don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hate it! I hate it for one reason: I hate the idea that this film is bad, but it is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I hate watching it the same way I hated watching it with my 3 year old son.  I had to rent this just to get the point across, but my son was not one of them.  When I say I hate this movie, I am going to say it as I would say "I hate this because I think it is the best film ever made in film history" but I could have said that I hated it for its own sake, but I had not said what I had said before. This is simply the worst film I have ever seen... not a good film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that the cast is going to come out and be cast in a film, but the movie has only a couple of scenes with a couple minutes in them.  The acting was poor, but not the directing.  I'm a big fan of the acting. In fact, I'd probably spend the next five minutes telling a story like the characters in this movie, but that's my only reservation I'd make.  This movie is an embarrassment of its genre. I can only assume that there are not enough women who could have told a story better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that the premise behind this film is the result of a poor film budget. The cinematography is a terrible taskmaster, with a director with an "explosion" photography style. Unfortunately, this film has the "explode" photography and all the rest that we're looking for.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Saw"  "Guns"  This is possibly the worst movie i've ever seen. If you want to see more gore and violence then this is a good one for you to see if you want.  A few people actually said the movie was a comedy. But since it's actually a movie that is mostly about people in real life getting killed in gruesome ways then it is obviously not that funny.  "Boomerang"  The first half of "Bungy Dog"  this film isn't even worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After the original movie was released, the movie was so awful and horrible. However, this movie is not as bad. The idea that this movie will scare people away from anything, but rather that it just doesn't work. I feel this is a huge waste of time and money as well. The acting was terrible and bad, but I didn't even care. I felt bad for renting this one.  I saw this movie and the movie only lasted 90 minutes so it had to be put on before I could watch it, but it was sooooooo boring that you got bored. You know when your friends are talking and you are watching the movie that there's nothing to see. That's about as good as it could possibly be. I couldn't get any of the acting to work for me, but the plot was so terrible. It was the worst. I can't believe I gave this a 3 because I really, really hated the movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is pretty poor...but what ever happened to me when I was young, but was not nearly as much as badly thought.  But the worst problem I had was, well, the plot. The movie is a rather dull and predictable and well done if you get the time.  The script was very predictable. The camera angle was also good and the characters had a few moments to shine.  So for a film that is supposed to be written in such a way that you feel you are in a movie that has a story, I suggest seeing the movie first. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But it's not that good. At times it's hard to say a film has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen. I can't believe it.  That's the problem, but there's a lot of things that aren't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've just seen this movie, but after an opening sequence that seems too brief or just starts off with "Hey, this is pretty good" or "Wow, I think this is the best film I've ever seen". So I have nothing to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how to think. But the movie doesn't. It's A Waste Of Money Waste Of Time. But if it were not a waste of money, the movie would have been better.  What would the producer say to the producers of this film: I'm sorry, I watched the film because I thought it was an incredibly poor film and I was hoping the producers had a clue. In the end the producer gets more money than the producers get. But this does not happen because the producers did anything wrong or the producer had a different point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No synopsis to read, no synopsis to review. No plot, no plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the title was written in the style of the B-movie. The concept is so ridiculous. But this movie is an example of the worst sort. I don't see the filmmakers giving it a second look.  "Stunned by Horror" is a terrible movie: The script doesn't flow.  What is the point of this movie? I say this is the worst case of a bad production. The only thing that could save this from being so bad with such terrible actors and bad writing is the actors. This is really just a B-horror movie, but I think there are some very bad actors and actors in this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first comment I had read before watching this film was the first comment it had received from the BBC which was trying to convince the public that this was one of the worst movies in recent memory. I had hoped that this film would be a big disappointment and that it would be an award winning film.  The film is not a big comedy which relies on plot. It is also a failure which relies upon a complete ignorance which is only amplified by the constant bad writing which results in the film being a load of clichés.  But this failure was the biggest of them all. I'm glad that I had only wasted my time watching the film on TV as the whole concept of failure was completely foreign to me and I'm sorry that I'd lost a lot of money by watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the movie was in production, people thought that I've watched this movie a bunch of times, and it was very boring and boring. The people hated this movie more than any other movie of the last decade, but it is only available in the UK and Europe at times when there is absolutely no one. The film has no storyline or characters. The story is horrible, and has absolutely no relevance to anyone. I had to turn it off and go to sleep when I saw it. That's not what this movie is about, but the movie is a disappointment.  There was a lot more to the story than the plot; the cast is not in it.    I found this to be very boring, but I didn't think it would be the worst movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is bad. The story is awful. But so are the actors. But who would have thought a film like "The Lost Boys" was good because of the story? The boys are horrible and so are we. But the actors don't fare well, though I guess that the actors who play the "lost boys" do and the one playing the "boy" is, well, the "lead singer" of the group. But they don't really do that well. They just do. And it's one of the problems I had with "The Boy Who Cried Wolf." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So you see the movie and see some of the scenes I'm talking about. When they stop in the movie they go to get a car and get away. The car gets stolen. And so does the owner of the stolen car.  So when the guy who is the manager at the car wash finds out what happened he is angry. But the car is damaged as the carwash guy leaves. But when he is in the car the guy in the mirror is in a mirror is not. But he is not in the right place, so the car belongs to the thief. And then the car comes to a stop in front of some other cars which are stopped in the road. The driver of the car stops and then the thief is in another car. And when the thief steals the car he gets away with the stolen vehicle and the thief drives away in his car. But before he gets out of the other car he runs away in a hurry. But then he gets stopped. The owner of a stolen car is afraid. And the thief gets mad. He runs into a fire where his car is burned. The fire goes off when the car explodes. The stolen car explodes in the fire which is all about the fire. The thieves jump out of a car. They get burned too. But that is not the point, the point is they run away in the cars and jump into a house where they are burning. But don't forget that the fire is in front the thieves. He's not in a car where his clothes catch fire. He goes in another house where he gets burned.   It's a very lame idea. But I can think of better ways to build suspense and make the movie entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story in this film is weak and, I think, is more interesting than the story of the film. The problem is the idea of a young boy going to a school where he gets to learn the fundamentals of algebra and geometry.  The whole concept of a child in "Little Tree" or the "Little Bear" is wrong because the child gets to play alone on a playground and it gets to make "pranks" on the other kids. There are no actual pranks in this movie, but a bunch of little pranks.  If you're not watching "Little Child" or "Little Boy" this is one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of the animated movie. The story and characters were interesting and consistent, the animation was, well, good, and the movie had enough heart to make it worthwhile.  The rest of the characters in the movie were flat, flat, and boring. I gave this film a rating of 4.4 because "there was absolutely nothing in the story"  The problem with this film was that it was predictable. So predictable that the characters actually seemed like they were actually talking.  When you make something predictable that lasts an hour or more the characters, and in many other cases the audience, are likely to get bored and the jokes themselves become predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have read the book and watched the movie before watching this movie: It is the movie where a kid is killed in a fire.  The acting is terrible. So it really is not so much. The story line is poor, but the movie itself is not one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but it is so annoying, but when it comes to the bad writing, i really think it is.  the film is set in a small, poor village (like a "Carmen" meets a "Stuart") where the girls live. The teacher who teaches these students is an idiot. the bad thing about the village is so lame and this guy should be banned, but if he weren't there for his own selfish purposes, but just to annoy me so i could waste an hour of my life watching it over and over again until i felt it was done.  all in all, this movie has it all. the acting sucks and the ending is so badly written it gets me riled up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is pretty lame. But, that's OK. It's a big mistake. But this movie isn't all that bad. The casting is pretty good. This movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is way more like a soap opera than a comedy show. So there you go. The plot isn't as poor as the script would suggest. They've actually become worse than the characters were. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors who were very good to the story, the story and the characters, however they were the only characters which were developed. But, if you look carefully you can see the characters' emotions were developing. But if you pay attention you can only see the actors' emotions develop. But then again you can't. You can only find the characters that are developed in the way described in the book, but without reading the book you don't know the characters in the novel.  The movie was shot in black and white for a black and whites version, but the production of the movie were actually shot in color. But as the characters changed they changed colors. If you are a true reader of the book then you will know that the characters were actually developed differently. But you can also see the differences as they develop by simply watching the movie.  There are four main characters, but as the movie progressed the characters became more and more characters. I can't understand why people think that the cast was better developed, but I can only hope that people would read the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just started watching this movie in the theater. Unfortunately, I did not know that I could only watch the previews from the theater because I was in for a good time. If I had, I would have paid to see this before it came out, but I had just been in for five minutes, I guess this was not the movie of my childhood. It was my first exposure to "The Grudge" series.  As I watched this movie, I knew it had no point.  I did NOT laugh when I saw a kid in the middle. I didn't. I was disappointed by the writing, the script, the editing, and the characters. They were all poor and I could not believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a huge fan of this movie, but I was not particularly impressed by the first three films in which it was made. I will say I am impressed by this film. It I Am Not In The least.  The acting, direction, screenplay, script, dialogue are so poor. The plot is so bad, the acting is so poor and the plot is not a poor choice. I just can't stand this movie. It seems to have little value for me. I'm a fan of low budget movies, but not a fanboy. It's bad, and its like the first episode of a B-Movie with a lot of bad scenes. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this and like it. It doesn't make sense. It's just a waste of time. I don't understand why they made this movie in the first place. But after watching it's just pure garbage. It. You will laugh.  This is the movie that will leave you in stitches. I mean, you don't know. It will leave a wound. You won't even care. It was the worst film ever created in Hollywood ever. I wish I had my hands back so I could do it. Please give me back my hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is all about a middle-aged man named Tom (Brian White), a man who has just lost his job, gets fired and goes on a date with a woman named Sarah (Kelly Elmore). He has to spend the night in a nearby cemetery with an unnamed teenager (Emily Kagan) who has a friend (Ryan White) that has just arrived and is on a road-trip to meet her. Sarah decides she wants to go back to her own place of residence with her boyfriend. Tom has to take a woman with her out of the cemetery to get a ride to a truck stop and then to a movie theater. The girl then finds out that her friend Sarah has moved on. The movie centers on the friendship between Tom and Sarah and their journey to find a new place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw it a lot when I was 16, and I am only 16 myself. I guess you could say the guy who wrote this movie was a 16-year-old and his parents had to pay for it. The parents had given him something to make him go to sleep. His father, his uncle and their friend went on a journey to a "spiritual" place, where the father and uncle are waiting for the baby to arrive. I think these are not the most important parts of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The dialogue is terrible and has no real plot and no real story. The plot seems a bit forced or forced and I'm sure most people reading this just saw the story of an astronaut on his space voyage to a desolate planet. Unfortunately, the actors aren't good, but the script is awful and very slow to develop and the movie isn't terrible.  You may notice the direction change in most of the films (not the actors). A big problem for me and others reading this in the future will be figuring out who is who, but only so I can be assured this is the real thing. The film seems very rushed, the story seems rushed, but this really isn't the worst film ever, the acting is terrible, and the ending sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only film I rented on a Friday afternoon was this one. I sat through this movie hoping that nothing would happen. The thing that does is the movie that is in the beginning, with the actors that are not on the movie, but just around in the background for no apparent reason. It is not even worth renting when compared to the movie. The only thing that has this film in the slightest of a hurry is the soundtrack, but nothing else is on par. The movie itself starts out rather slow, but it doesn't really need to. It has a pretty good storyline, but most of the dialogue in this movie is really weak and trite. I don't really see anything interesting about a good movie, or I didn't see much of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a bad film. It shows so many bad movies names and some of them are so awful. The first two movies names are, well, the two worst names in the movie. The movie is not as obvious, but it shows so much. The film is just really bad but it doesn't get much out of it either. It just shows how movies making can really be like a game, but with much more production resources. It also shows that we should all give up watching such movies. And there is so much going on in a small 2 hour movie that the film is basically a waste of time. The cinematography is just horrible. And so is the dialog. There is a lot of sex, violence, language, acting, etc. And, for all the production resources, it shows that it is really a movie of its time. A lot of characters are bad. And yet, it only shows 1 hour and a half of the movie and a couple of times when the actors get killed. The actors aren't the worst of the 2 hours movie either. I would recommend skipping this movie if you are at all of the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about this is the main problem with this movie. The film is the least painful and sad part. It is the Worst Movie I've Ever Seen In A Lifetime. This is the movie that gets me most riled up most. But not by much. I mean, when a kid sees it, he is laughing.  What is it? It is a movie that I hated. I don't know where it came from. I only knew it was awful. Not really. But when I watch this movie, I was very disappointed. There was a scene where the kid is on a skateboard. He just turns back, runs up and jumps off. It was the only one I ever saw this movie where the boy had just had his backside in the air. But I hated this movie more than any of the rest. But you knew it wasn't really a movie, but it was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of teenagers go to visit a family friend. The girl falls in love with her boyfriend, but he runs into problems when he falls in a coma. This is not a movie to be watched by anyone under 18 years of age or even watched in a "child" movie.  This movie is like a bunch of kids movies.  The story is a really boring one. Not a bunchy, though. Not by me either. If you are an adult and have not even finished watching this movie, please do not waste your time. I had one problem with this movie. If there is any justice in the world, a group of teenagers will just make a movie for nothing more than a bunch to do. I have to say that even if you are a teenager yourself, watch this movie instead of the "Best Friends" movie, but if you want to watch it with your child, don't bother. It's boring to see and nothing happens and the movie has a bunch more laughs in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what about this film anyway? It's so bad.  This is a big bore. I've always found it to be some kind of "Godsend". But it's not as bad. It's a little weak because of the script, but it's hard to believe it was written by some of the guys from "The Incredible Mr. Limpet". The acting is so poor or ill that they make me squirm all over my computer screen.  The animation is poor at the seams, but the actors were flat out awful-bad-acting. Even the two leads were bad in their roles. Not the characters, but that's my biggest complaint. But what really bothered me the most was the poor script. In a nutshell, I'm just asking people to "stop making movies" before the script and the animation of "The Invisible Man" and "Mystery Men" were ever to be released. This was an absolute bore, but you couldn't blame the story for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie titled "Vigilante", a policeman kills a cop he has just gotten himself involved in. The actor who plays the cop is played by the real-life Detective Michael Keaton.  The movie starts and ends like "Babe" and "A.C."  The ending is terrible and this movie gets worse when it has to decide who does it. There's also one plot where the two detectives, one a high-ranking one and one a low-ranking cop are in love and planning their revenge together. I gave this movie a 3 for bad acting, but the script was bad.  I don't know how to say anything better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be said that the plot and dialog was, in my opinion, the only reason a film of this type could be made.  This film was the product of the film studio that used to be in Los Angeles. It is a bit like the TV soap opera "Roseanne", but on a smaller scale it is almost as if a soap opera should have been made, which is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One day a couple of guys in the neighborhood decides to make a joke about a guy that comes over to their house and the guy is talking with his friends, but his friend keeps interrupting him and saying, "I was waiting for my friends and they said, 'I didn't even wait,' but they didn't say that to me.  One joke in the movie goes, but this one gets so many bad ideas that I think it needs to be banned because it needs "one day".  I don't understand this idea that makes a joke of how a guy "has his own house". I think the joke was poor, but don't tell me that. If you can, you will learn something important.  I think most people who have read this would hate it and that they would probably get a job (with benefits) and start making movies like this.  The only reason that this joke could have possibly worked on this level is that people in the house were actually paying for their rent. A joke that is so bad I can imagine how this joke actually worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a poor imitation of a poor American. A teenager discovers that she is pregnant and is then told she must choose between her parents and her boyfriend. A.S.E. has a couple of teenagers on holiday at a seaside hotel. The teenagers decide to leave the hotel by going to a nearby church for prayer. A priest then tells the teenagers that God wants them to leave. It is an act of desperate and hopeless behaviour.  The main character, the girlfriend, is desperate for God to change her mind.  This is the kind of movie that makes me think I should be able to make a film about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade:  I found this film on Ebay a few years ago. Theatrical and DVD release are always a mixed bag, and a very old one.  I was disappointed, but not enough.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no need to make the movie in the first place but make the worst about it. The first thing this has to be a movie about how it feels to have been made in this movie and the movie never fails to make you jump and scream.  And, the movie is about two boys whose lives are intertwined and then their lives end. I had read some of the book to my child and found some really weird parts of the story that were not told in the book. I think it's really, really lame because there is no mention of any other events, but the movie doesn't really go down that much. It's also about an evil magician who wants to be "one with the force of nature" and has the magic of nature on his mind and has his "army" doing his "research" at his home which is also, by the way, a weird thing. The "armies" are like this but "armys" were really bad and the spells are just so incredibly complicated. A weird and stupid movie, for sure.  I was going to write the review about some really bad movies: If this movie had been made on an awful day when the sun was falling over the ocean and you had been out of work for about three hours, you'd have been out like this. He's a little bit like the "spiritualist" who goes around and "summons" the sea creatures to help him "resolve" some problem. It seems to be trying to make a point about how the "arminess" is an act of prayer and only makes this point because the "research is about" the research, but this movie really goes in the wrong direction and makes it about how a guy who has been given a "spirit".  I'd just like to say: I can imagine that if this movie were made, that it was a lot like "Patton" and you'd think, "Well, what? It's a lot better movie then we all are! Maybe that makes a movie too." The "spirit" or the "force" doesn't need to be there.   The plot doesn't help and it doesn't make this film go down with the "chilling" effect that you get in "Shakespeare's Macbeth". The characters were actually a lot more interesting and a lot less bad.  The script was just too terrible about how one guy could make his brother jump off a cliff because he
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical movie about a young boy named Tom (Patton Oswalt) who goes to live with his grandmother and tries to live a normal life. They have a son named Paul (David Spade) who lives with his parents and his brother and his younger brother.  Tom is a young teacher with a rebellious pupil named Paul. Paul is a senior teaching at a high school. He's a senior who has to teach an assistant when she's in his class. Paul thinks he wants to be a teacher.  However, Paul has a rebellious friend named David (George Wendt). This is an average film that could be expected from a bunch of 15 years-old kids. But the script is just awful, boring, and predictable, as usual, and the cinematography is just terrible, amateurish and amateurish.  The production values are awful, though the story is bad. The acting is bad and the film has been out for a long time in its native USA and the DVD menu has an annoying menu selection called "bad Movie" that is too bad, amateur and un-professional. A lot of bad actors. If you're looking for a movie to use in place of this one, avoid this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised by "Godsend", a documentary film about the Holocaust. In fact, even with the support of most of the actors and a couple of very few of extras, "GODEND" is one of the best documentaries films I've ever seen. I've seen a few documentaries since I've been living in Israel for ten years, but I'll never be going back to see "Goddend".   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a joke at first. However, this movie shows the worst kind of "humor" movie possible: the actors don't act, but they don't try, because they're actors in a movie.  "I had no idea who this guy was. This movie could have gone on for years in my book! Who thought the story was interesting because of this guy and who didn't think it was boring or "pretentious"? The writer thought it was stupid, but I don't. Who thought a movie like this could have been a decent movie because of it, because no one expected it to be as good as this movie and nothing would have happened?  The plot has no potential because the characters are weak and the ending had no relevance, but the idea is stupid and the humour was just awful.   The characters are cardboard characters, but that is really the point. No one could have said this film has the potential to be like the film this guy made with the stripper that killed him when he was in the shower in the first scene of the film: "Why? Why not?" I thought this movie was so-so.  There's only one scene that was particularly flat because of their acting.  The other actors, but then again, no one could act like this and nobody could act so-bad.  But if you're a movie buff and you're like me you're not going to like this movie, but you might hate it. No movie has that potential to appeal to you.  And the only people who could have thought this could be like that were the ones who knew how much worse I had to endure. I donít know why this movie had a lot of potential, but only that they were not actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know this is all a lie. My apologies.  There are a few exceptions, but the exceptions are the exceptions, for the sake of argument.  I think it was a waste of time to see something you've never seen before, but don't expect the film to be as good as your average documentary. A documentary this isn't.  Overall, it is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to write a negative reviewing about a movie: It is so boring.  It hurts my eyes. But when I tell you this, I am giving you the opportunity to be bored and not think. I do give this 2 thumbs down and I am hoping that there are people out there who are going to waste their time writing reviews on this movie, but I doubt there is any one out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not great because the script is weak, but because its the plot is. The movie does end with a nice plot. The direction was not good, but the acting was bad either. There was some good music in this movie.   I'm sorry, but it's not a perfect movie. I just hate it when it comes off as being a "good" movie. It is, unfortunately, a rather boring, if somewhat boring, movie. The acting was pretty bad and the jokes were rather silly. They even had good character development. This movie has no redeeming and it is not a real cult movie. Unfortunately, it is just too boring.  But if you're into that sort of thing, go watch this instead of "The Naked Gun" and you won't be sorry for it. I was really disappointed at "The Matrix" and there are no real surprises. However, it isn't really as bad, but "The Order" movies was so bad as they really are supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a little different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately the same actors and actresses were also hired for the same movie in this year of disaster. The actors were so wooden (by the way). And the movie was so long I can only imagine a child saying aloud: "why does the movie keep going and going?" But I think the makers might be better directing this and the other movie I know, The Sausage Factory of America, which I have to assume will be an excellent subject. And there is also a lot of bad actors and the writing was awful and un-satisfactory.  If you like to waste your time and watch this movie, you will have no clue of what disaster it will cause and the director of the film has absolutely no clue. I don't know what the makers of this film had in store for it. What I know is that they had plenty of actors and they had actors who were not talented enough to work anywhere and it was very amateurish, too. It is amateurish at times.  But I don,t know why they hired so many people and why they did this. It's the kind of movie where a bunch of people who want to be in their place (by hiring people) get desperate and hire people who are not good enough to do work anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had this problem when watching the film (a film I still don't like) that I am so bored to tears, but I don't even notice that. I can tell you from experience that this film was a mess of mistakes, and that the movie was a waste of time.  If you are bored of this movie, you'll be bored of a mess like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is indeed difficult to believe that this would be a real film: in the context of a film this is like the only kind of film that could be conceived. But this film is an awful film that we can't stand. Its. The only question I pose to the audience is to what extent we would have to forgive this film for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is as predictable as can be. It's not a bad idea, but it is really a bad thing, but only when the characters get to the point of not caring that much about the actual story. So what could possibly happen? The whole plot is weak and illogical, but the characters aren't. They're supposed to care, but they care. They care enough, but that care is completely different.  The movie is not even funny. You can see this movie on a TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only one way in which the film fails, and it fails miserably, is when the characters are given a chance to talk, which is the only way in that film to be taken out of the ordinary movie.  I can only conclude that this film, in the end, is about men trying to become men, but it has been one of the worst films I have ever seen, with the acting and script being, by far, the worst and most amateurish, amateurish and very amateurish film I've ever seen.  This film is the worst film I have seen in years and years. The actors and actresses are so uninteresting they just have to be hired to be the star of the entire movie, and the movie itself is a total piece of crap, so poorly written and amateurish that it's actually boring, but I can't think of one film that comes close to it. The acting is so amateur, the sets so amateurish the production values look like garbage for toilets, but the cinematography so amateur it feels like a low-budget B-grade B-movie filmed in a video camera and with no real talent whatsoever, but we're talking about two films that, with no skill whatsoever, can't wait until it's the end of its life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to say that I was really disappointed.  The only reason I said so was because I found the movie had a number of scenes which appeared too fake, which made the film appear artificial. The characters, the way they were, and the people they met were all artificial in the end.  For all that, I'm not complaining. I mean, really. The story was predictable, but there were several scenes which were completely artificial. I'd give this movie a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have seen this movie, you will not be able to make the same mistake twice. It will be the third time it has been done in three different films. If you are a fan of the movie and like to see it, I suggest you rent it instead.  The acting is bad, the editing is bad and the plot is weak because it is bad. You have no idea what you are watching.  I have read the comments before this movie came out, but I can honestly say it was very, very poorly written.  This movie is horrible, I swear it is worse than the usual B grade of torture I have come across so far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a guy who learns he has to watch porn. The idea of watching porn is like trying to be entertained in a theatre, but in the end we're still left wondering what the hell was going on in the theatre. And I just thought that the movie wasn't a masterpiece of its genre.  And the script is poor to begin with. The acting is bad, but the script can be very thin. The movie can be a real bore. And then there is the character designs. I mean look, there's no reason to make a movie with characters who look like this. So, in my opinion it should be abandoned, but there are two problems I have with this film. 1) it's just plain bad and 2) when you think about it you will have to accept that it's supposed to be a porn flick which I'm sure is only a result of its lack of talent and 2). I mean, this movie has no storyline.  I think this is the worst of the "Porn For The Purist" films I have ever seen. I give it two. 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, do you see anything? I saw this and I thought it was "so bad". I hope everyone will see this and see "so so bad". This is why we see the trailers before they are on, it makes me really sick. I just saw the trailer for this movie and I was like "wtf, what was the point of this trailer?" and "why wasn't they ashamed?". This is so bad that I was scared I could see the movie again. I would advise against seeing this unless you are really into bad movies, don't waste your money and even if you are, don`t waste your time. It doesn`t have a good story! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A plot is a waste of time. There are three main characters (each with a major role, but each with a minor role) who are either dead or who are planning to be killed. Their lives are both short and painful. The film is bleak, and the lead actor is a good one. The cinematography is good. However, it's sad that the main character's names appear to be spelled out wrong. The characters, but the plot, is the focus of this film. The actors are not particularly likable, but when the film is released, they'll make a lot of noise for two hours. The director of 'My Boyfriend's Back' also deserves a nod, but there are so many people working in this film, it will be impossible for me to get into the details. The main character (and I think, that is the film) has been completely misrepresented, and in the end, I think it will take the form of "Screwed". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's a pity I wasn't there to see it. But it's a waste of time and money. But just like the movie...this movie doesn't add anything new. If you're like me you'll think you're going to see some new movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie that is a "Discovery Channel" documentary is awful. The writer/director of this documentary tells us "if this is the documentary version, it is the version that made him cry" but the other "documentary" version, the "New Film Festival version" does not seem to have been anywhere near as bad.  I'm a fan of "The Devil's Snare" series. They have been one of the most widely watched and reviewed documentaries of all time. This is one of many "Documentary" documentaries that are available in high quality on demand today. It is also the type of documentary that the viewer never really sees. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad that it's a pity that this film is not about a school kid in the snow or any other place where kids are treated like this.  A big problem with this movie is the character development, which is way beyond what most adults can come up with. It starts making more logical sense when the child learns how to be a real snowman (a very good movie).   The movie is so dull, so dull that I was afraid I'd be bored. The story is poorly told, the acting is bad, and the script is badly written, and they're way beyond the kids.  It's only for people who have very poor taste (if you ask me, but I've been watching this film religiously since when they were making movies in 2001). It's not the movie's fault, but the animation are so poorly done, that they're like a car chase, which I feel is the only possible justification for this movie.  I saw this film in my native country of Japan, and it didn't make me cry, but they just look so artificial, they don't know what the hell they're doing. The other problem is that the kid looks like a dork, but he looks like this dork of a dorks-wearing-duck, who doesn't know anything!   I haven't seen this dorks in a long time, but my experience with the kids is way too old and the acting far too immature. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife and I watched this in the early '90s, and I was not amused at all. We are not amused. We just didn't. We didn't want to. We wanted to leave the movie. We needed a break. But if you're going to take it easy with this, don't watch the movie and then have an emergency. Leave the movie alone.  I didn't really like the movie, but I did enjoy the comments. But they weren't funny. And I couldn't have expected a movie with the name "Boomerang" in it.  Overall, if you are looking for a film you can't really ask me where I thought the plot was. "Buckaroo Bonzai: The Flying Squirrel", "Polaris", "Carnival Earth", and "A Bug's Life" aren't the greatest things you will ever see. But the movie didn't make me laugh. They made me cry. The movie didn`t have funny dialogue. And they made me want to leave my computer alone, and avoid spending money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has many problems: There is a big hole in the film when the killer looks through the mirror. It has to go through a lot of holes in the mirror, but they don't all fit.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this movie a 0.50/1.50 (1.4)  This movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The director says the only thing that surprised him was the fact that he could write one-liners in the movie.  That said, he had no idea how to make such a movie without having the knowledge. It is a very stupidly ill-made film, but the plot is extremely weak and the characters are the only real flaw in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that this movie wasn't meant to be as bad in the film industry, but to be the worst of it. There are several scenes in the movie that make you go "wtf?"  I think a good comedy should be given a chance to shine in this movie. I think the people in the theater who just wanted to laugh their heads off the whole movie probably thought that was too much. This film could have used some much more jokes. And yet, it had one of the worst movie I've ever seen in a long time. But it could have been a better movie than that. There were no jokes for people who are fans of this movie, but some jokes were in it and that's all I can say. The jokes were lame, but I don't know anyone who actually laughs like they actually are in this.  This movie had nothing to recommend it and even I laughed a bit hard. The only thing that kept me from being a fan of this is that I felt this could have worked without the humor. That's about my age, but that's only me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue and situations are so predictable...  I'm surprised the film could have been made without it was really hard to sit through. The story is weak and the situations are not so unrealistic. They could have chosen a different story with different characters. The plot is predictable and the characters have little development and development. They have little character development and character development. The characters are inconsistent. It is the story told, it is a movie that is told. It's just a movie. The script is badly written and the story is badly told. I'm amazed at the movie.  If you are at all, you might find it boring. But this is the worst of the bad movies ever. The acting, the script is really bad and the writing is completely bad. The actors are bad, the plot is bad, and the dialogue is just bad, which is a shame when it comes to "Cannibal Holocaust". Don't waste your time on this crap. It will make you want to throw up in the toilet and start vomiting. The only one in the film who I can say was the worst actor and who might be the least affected by this is one of the women.  The actors who played the cannibal are poorly written and acted. I can only assume because the cannibal was an idiot, they must be a total retard... but the main character and the cannibal were both stupid idiots.  I was really surprised when I saw this movie. There was only one woman who was really horrible. She was the one who was the main reason why she was a cannibal. She had to have the heart of a person, which explains the cannibalism. The cannibal who was trying to feed the other woman to his mom who had to be in pain the whole movie was really boring and the guy who was eating the woman in the end was annoying. I thought the woman who had the heart was some kind of idiot, but it was the cannibal who killed the woman because the woman was pregnant and the other guy had the kidney. It would be really hard for a person to kill a person without it. The scene where they are talking to the cannibal and cannibal, and then the cannibal dies, he doesn't seem to know how to cook people and has to go back to get the heart. There is an episode where they have to eat the woman's heart, which could have only been filmed in the first 20 minutes, but they have no real reason for doing that. He really only knows
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the script is wooden and the humor is juvenile and juvenile, if you think it's a big joke when it's so predictable.  The plot is predictable and predictable in the usual sense and the movie is a good comedy.   The movie is very dull and uninteresting and in every scene it's just plain boring as can be, but that's not even true, but it's not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise of this film is pretty typical of what it is all about: "Everything I ever imagined, I had never been that much disappointed. I mean, who is this guy, and why is he so interested in this? He's in it just like I was. But, it really is terrible. This is another one in which the makers of this project really were making movies, but were doing it in the context of a documentary, but weren't even paying attention to the content of the documentary, or even making a decent film that would make a documentary film. And that, I think, is what it has to offer.  I am going to rate this a 2, but I am sorry for the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    But you have to look up when you want to watch it, it isn't the movie you're looking for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As one of the many disasters that struck the world (and which never looked back), this movie might have had the potential to generate a lot of good laughs. But it just a bit of an adventure. But the script is thin, so as to create a fun family comedy, the script doesn't work. But this is not a comedy. The humor is very different. However, it is not at all the same, but it definitely got a lot less laughs.   This is the type of movie that is better to be shown on a rainy Saturday afternoon on NBC. It's a fun mess, but I'm still in shock as to why anyone would waste their time watching it.  I was so angry about this movie and I couldn't decide whether to say "The movie is boring", but I have no idea why people wasted their time on this because they liked watching movies and I am surprised at how a movie is written so badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters were so stereotypical, the dialog was so badly written and the plot was so poor, but the animation and special effects were poor, in some of the episodes it was so poorly written, it made me physically ill, but this movie is so bad it hurts.  The worst episode was the one with the dog. She just left him outside and ran for her life. The other worst episode (this one) was the finale. The main character (Mrs. White, the mother, played by Patricia Blair) goes to visit the dog's mother (played by Susan Walters) to tell her story to a group of animal rights protesters who had to stand outside the cage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all for this.  All the parts of this film were badly photographed, but they seemed to work for free and never see the film. The camera work alone was more than enough to make this film look like amateurish. But you will never see it for more than 1 hour and a half, and you'll definitely be thankful for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe it! I mean, I've seen this movie hundreds of times, but it's better than any other movie I've ever seen. I would have to say it's a bunch of garbage.  This movie has got the same problem it had with "Troll".    I don't see any logic in it, but I hate it because the jokes are bad. The script doesn't make sense or come across with actual humour, and so on. I mean it's not "so bad", it's because it's bad. If I hadn't laughed, I would hate myself.  I've read it, and laughed, and just hated the movie more. It's so poorly made, it can't even act and be funny.  The idea of making a movie that is trying to be funny (though only a few jokes are even remotely funny), but that's only because I've come to think this movie should have been made better.  As such, I can appreciate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad and not for me it was. This is a very long and very expensive documentary film which I highly recommend if you haven't seen this movie before.  I was surprised at the terrible acting as I didn't realize I had been wrong to me in my opinion based on previous movies I had seen, but was not surprised by the storyline as I did in the past. It was disappointing when you realize that you are watching a movie that is NOT written to be taken in with friends. The film is so bad. The acting was so wooden. And as they try to ruin your world by telling you lies, you find yourself in a world that is so big that you cannot take it in or you will be attacked. It's a strange idea.  My Grade: D 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's been said that this film has many problems. The acting is poor and the script is wooden, the characters are wooden, and the movie's dialogue is wooden. The characters are wood. The only wooden parts are the ones that really matter and the one with the most to do with animals and whatnot.  But what makes this an exercise in poor writing?  I mean it - what? It's a mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Devil's Revenge," which began a decade ago when the Devil was a teenager, "Trouble In Paradise," "Roadhouse," "Polaris" and "Dead Beach," but also "Dead In Paradise." However, this remake is in the worst way the Devil is in "The Ring."  "A sequel to "The Devils Revenge" starts in 2007 when a boy, Nick, comes to a group of people who have been possessed by the devil and who have to be exorcised by a priest. However, he's just in the wrong place, a lot. But it just shows how bad actors and dialogue and the Devil himself looks like he wants Nick to believe that he's the real one and that it's a lot more fun than a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story and characters were completely unbelievable, the story was interesting, the film was short. There were many good points, however this would be the film to avoid - and avoid ONLY - if you are not in the mood for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie ends when the young men in the movie decide to "test" the "supernatural" powers of the man who plays the "Test Tube Man". There, "TestTube Man" becomes a "monster". The monster becomes a human, too, with his own powers. However, "Supernatural Man" is a human with powers that he can't use. The movie is so badly produced, it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I've read many of the comments on this movie. The plot is the same thing as "Curse of the Demon" with "Test tube Man" playing his part. The test tube man tries to find a "human" to attach the man he's attached to.  The story is the only thing that I can really give an opinion about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a good movie or good in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very stupid and not at all, but enough to make a film. There was one scene which really caught my attention: when the woman started kissing the man, he started to run, but the man was in the middle of kissing the woman. This film is based on the premise that the man has to choose between a love interest from a woman he is in love with and a love from a man he knows is in a relationship with another man (which he knows he is married to). I mean, he is the most boring and I mean really boring and he is not even in love. The script is also stupid and the music is annoying. The story is also very stupid.  This is a very dumb film. I mean seriously, this is a huge waste of time and I would rate it one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The sex scenes are so badly made and the script is terrible.  The girl has to run away to a hotel room and wait for the man to get to see her naked (but it's OK for a male to do that in real life). So what happened? Well, her love interest was a bit boring since they knew she had an STD, but he just kept kissing her and the couple starts having sex. So it's not even that funny, but a waste of two hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was extremely disappointed by the first half of the movie, but was very disappointed that a bunch of bad-looking teenagers got arrested in Mexico. The two leads had sex scenes. The girl was wearing a white bikini and some luscious young girls were having sex. The movie really disappointed me. The problem I have with this is that it is a very "unintentionally funny" movie. I think that this movie could have won an Oscar. The dialogue was just OK, but the story and character development were totally forgettable, and the film looked like a lot of good old-fashioned sex-and-violence movies. But what really got me upset was the "bad" plot, which could have made the movie less predictable. I thought this movie would have had a lot more plot, but I still wanted to see the whole film. It is still one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are not bad, but they are just not good and I think it's a good way to introduce you to a low-budget movie.  The main problem I had with this movie was that it really was a bad idea because they made this film in 1988. That's what I think. This could have been a real disappointment and I'm glad I got to see it because it was a very disappointing movie. The idea of introducing such a film back into the genre was so dull, but I don't think it would have been as bad.  There are plenty of problems and contradictions in this film, which is why I'm giving it a 1 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I rented the original "Scream 2", I was really expecting a "Scarecrow" type of film to come out. What is a "scarecrow"? A "scarescrow" is a huge insect! Unfortunately, the main story line is the worst. The "Scary Movie" has nothing original in it, but it's just very predictable. I have no idea where this is going and I'm pretty sure they could have found something else to do. The characters are the worst offenders. A typical horror movie from the genre - I can think of three in my head. The plot isn't terrible - the story line just makes the whole film go a little bit faster. "Scared Movie" is not a very good horror film.  I've watched "Scrycrow", "Scrubs" and the "Screwed" films over and over again. When I was 7 years old I watched the original version on a VHS (a very cheap movie I've ever seen) and it was awful. They just don't have any scares (if there were). The "scared Movie"-type of film has been done so many times. Unfortunately, they all had the same plot and the movie just "looked" like they had just watched the same horror movie. It's not even a good film and I've noticed this film lacks any real scares (but it does look better in an old VHS). The main character is a bit of a problem for me - the other characters in the film are as well. It has an "invisible" story line - but I'm surprised how it gets a decent start with "Screecrow". What I liked about this film was the acting. I would have given this a "6" out of 10 (but I don't think they would have made the movie a lot worse). In fact, I would be happier with a "1".  This film is awful. Scary Horror films don't scare anyone. Even though most horror movies start this way and go into "Scaring Movie"- type of movie - they all make horror movies - in fact, there are so many in this film. That's what's going on when the characters see their worst. It isn't "scary" but it really "bad". The ending really sucks. Don't waste your time on the "screwed"-type film - if you want to see something you don't even think about
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a scene where a guy is in the shower looking like he's having a fun time! I am hoping that in the movie, the guys are having fun. But I am glad I didn't waste my time and I am very glad the movie had a lot of laughs and you can tell it's supposed to be bad, the acting was bad and the girl had an interesting role. The guys are all acting like they were talking to a 14 year old. If you like a B movie with a lot less humor, don't go expecting anything to happen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not funny at all. It's not just an art gallery movie. It has to be.  I laughed my head off when I read the book "Dog Days" and saw the movie "Scoop" and the movie about the man who becomes the town sheriff. His wife thinks he's gone completely nuts when she tries to sneak around, but he never even told her what he was planning to do with his new found wife. Then I laughed a lot at the film. I don't know what they were talking about, but it was a disaster. I hope the director found a job soon and could afford to make more movies than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when i was young and i was going through puberty.  i was laughing at the "snowflakes" and "saturday mornings" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The last 5 minutes of the film is a little dull and not entirely bad.  I cannot fathom the reasoning behind this movie.  This film fails on several levels: the characters fail on almost every level, as if their lives were on the line, but the main character is incompetent, because it's his own fault, he is a teenager who knows he is going to be "saved" by some miracle.  The characters are all extremely unfunny, but it's a little too long at times it's plain irritating, but this is still a bad excuse for a joke that I will not waste my time on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm afraid the whole movie is supposed to be about a bunch of old gay movie about a guy named "Bobby" (Paul Reiser) in search of a woman named "Susan" (Patricia Pemberton). Susan's not gay (she's not straight either). She and Bobby have dated each other for some time so her feelings about her girlfriend being with Bobby could have been explored. But they break up, but it's possible for them to date other people at the same time.  Unfortunately, Paul Reiser also has a problem: he can't stop himself from playing his part with all of his heart, which he is apparently capable of doing without much effort.  The other problem I have is that, despite the fact that Paul Reisner is gay, Susan Pemberty is a lesbian. It is a pity because the acting is OK and the character is not, but this movie is a waste of time and you will leave it with your wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was based on the idea that people want to escape the "reality" and go back to a place where they "can find happiness" without a lot of money. That place is hell! A place where the people who made the movie (and that's it) get money from "a man who wants a girl." He finds a girl in the place and they get in a car and go to a "safe place" where there's no money, but instead they get a guy who wants money to live. But when he meets a woman, he sees a "happy" man and gets some money to "find happiness" by having sex. And the only happy person in the movie, but there is nothing good about this movie, nothing like the "Happy Feet" movie where people get money to do a bunch of "things".  If the movie could have been more like "Pleasantville", I would have given this movie 4/10. I was only expecting to see a movie without a plot where people "get money" to do stupid things to find happiness (such as the movie where the guy comes in, but I got an even better idea - that's a lot better than "Happy Days"). This is more like a bad sequel of the "Sixteen". "Happy Neighbors: The Simpsons" is the worst movie ever (but it was "Sixteenth". "Sixth". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to establish some sort of balance, a movie named "Mork and Mindy" (1997) and a movie titled "The Incredible Story of an Indian Boy Who Was Born Too Young and Then Turned Into A Man", respectively. This movie would have been a lot better than this one if it had a plot and characters. It seems that they are not even remotely aware that this movie is "unworthy" even when it is an attempt at establishing the premise. They are just not happy.   I think most people who have watched this movie would not even have had the patience to care about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you sit down to a movie you start to see things from a point of view that you are going to hate.  It, and it, in a manner that makes you hate the film for its makers. The movie fails miserably in the way that the first 20 minutes or so of a movie is a masterpiece of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this film, I knew how wrong this film is and I knew that there were several actors who, in one way or another, were acting in a way that was at odds with each other. I thought this film had gone the distance to the point where no more would come. The casting was bad and it looked like a terrible movie where a boy's imagination is a lot like a magician's mind. I would have rated this film "Haunting" or "Sleeping" (the old title). In other words I thought that it was an "A".  The only thing that bothered me when I looked at it was this is one of those things that can only be watched when absolutely everyone is asleep or has gone to sleep. It is the sort of thing that only children can see because they have "dream eyes".  This movie is very disappointing to me. I can't wait to see if the production of this film will ever get "serious".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for the third time in a long time. But since the first time I saw it was so bad and so boring, it's not even funny, but when the main character dies he is. The story is stupid and boring and the characters are not annoying and annoying. But then the characters die. But the characters don't. But characters die and characters die, but characters don`t. Characters don`T. Characters die. Characters are only the story. But after a character dies the whole movie dies with it. I suppose you can say the whole thing is boring, but you can also say it's so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people on this site just love "the worst movie ever" - the first one is a bit overrated. In a world where things like rape and incest are so popular, people like this movie - and this movie, but only as one of many examples - are the ones that are getting the most attention.  I can only imagine how incredibly boring they must be, because I grew up watching these movies. I know people who like this very much - so much, I've never heard of them before. It would be a good experience if you're looking for something like this, but this movie is the worst I've ever heard.  In conclusion, I do think this movie sucks. I thought so because of how much of it relies on the sex scene (and I think there is much more going on in the main story than most).  This movie was very possibly one of the worst movies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a fan of the book and movie and would love to see how they changed the book. However, this is just bad. Just because it is a bad, badly written movie that I am tired of. I don't know where this started. I wish I had the opportunity to write a negative Review about a movie: A woman finds a stranger who she wants to see. The man then runs to her, knocks her to the ground and runs away and runs into a house that is full of rats. The woman starts seeing the man and finds him lying on the floor naked. The stranger is then tied up and beaten until he dies. There's nothing in the movie to help it.  The man doesn't try to escape, but he finds it a very bad movie. But I don`t even have a clue how this would have been in the book or movie. The lady is not even a little bit sexy, but she`s only a victim and a potential one. The other characters are also poorly written and some are not believable. The movie isn't all bad. The characters are bad. They are boring, but you can tell where the writer thinks the characters are from. The whole movie was shot in poor conditions with poor production values. The lighting is poor, although that only means they were using their eyes. So, I was happy with the movie. I was waiting for the movie makers to make another movie based on this movie because they were trying to pull some magic trick on the viewers. They had already had a lot of potential. The plot is bad. But why is the movie worse of the three movies. I still hated it. But it isn`t a lot better than a horrible person falling off a horse or someone having sex with a horse in the first 20 minutes of the movie (which happened in the novel). But then the movie goes into the sexual angle. The writer is a little worse and the character development is poor. No idea how to get out of the situation because the horse and woman were falling from horses.  But it had to be filmed in poor lighting, but at the end it just doesn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a really bad remake of 'Holland'. I know there's a reason why they made a movie called 'The Last Picture Show', but I don't really know why they did, but they were really, really very very bad and awful films. Why does Hollywood make more films about gay people?  The ending is very contrived, but not particularly.  The only real problem in this movie is the production values. The acting is atrocious. The writing is mediocre. The ending and the 'happy ending' are both very long, even for a B-film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't know if this movie was made from a good time when the movie was in it's final form. But what I know is that the movie is so completely boring and completely forgettable, but the movie had little to do with the story that made it a great time. The movie had a lot to do so I gave it a 3 out of 5 out of 10, but at the time I gave the movie a 1 out of ten because I was bored and had enough money to buy the movie.   I am so surprised when I saw a movie that was not in it. It was so incredibly boring that it was so tedious to watch a movie in order to escape. It reminded me of a movie I once saw in my Grade II English class. My teacher made me do so.  A couple months ago I saw this movie in the theater. It is a horrible waste of time.  The movie is a waste of money, but unfortunately the movie has a plot too. The only reason I could think this movie will get a rating in its final form is because the plot was poorly conceived and because the movie's story was badly written. But that makes me think I'm in grade school, so I was wrong. If this movie had been made with a plot, I would have given it a one instead of a 10 out of 100 because the writing was so poor that it can't read.  I can honestly say the movie didn't work. I think that it could have been a better movie. It's boring in a way that is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theater. It was a sad waste of time, but it is hard to overlook in a theater setting with a large screen and fast forward buttons.  The story is set in the late 1980s, but the movie looks like it was shot in 1970. There is also a lot of bad acting. I give this movie 2 stars because the ending isn't even interesting.  Overall, this movie is a big waste of a disappointment in a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had trouble sleeping with this one particular character on the bus (though the bus wasn't even in this one). It. In fact, it was only because the bus stopped suddenly without reason, which would be just another way for this to be another excuse to make people scared of a bus.  The characters were either way too annoying and I didn't like the bus driver at all. The bus driver is not very likable as his life was actually quite bad.  Unfortunately, this particular type of script is the worst thing about the movie. It's a shame the movie got the money to make this crap. In my opinion, it's a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film wasn't that bad. This was bad. It's all about the characters.  There is a very very weak spot in the film that isn't even remotely close to an average person. There is so much going on it would have been impossible for anyone to understand. But the characters are completely uninteresting at times.  The only characters that had the slightest degree of chemistry between them were two of the girls that played the "big girl" in the show. They had chemistry, but neither of them came across as anything special, but their roles were simply average.  One of the problems with this film is that the characters were so uninteresting. However, this is a movie that you could do without. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But if you look at some of the reviews, you will see that this film is really like a big Hollywood version of "The Rookie". The story is pretty corny (a few of the actors don't act so well). So maybe the movie wasn't trying to be so funny - but then why does this make so much sense? The story (I'm not sure what the story is - but it's not funny or exciting in anyway) and the characters were very believable. The problem is that you don't know anything about how they were all raised and what it was like for them to grow up. The movie is like an art project that allows you to think and experience deeply about life, and you can see that, and the story are so lame. I have no idea why this movie has to be set in a big urban center like Times Square or in an old country village like Chiba, but it feels like a waste of time at times.  The story isn't very interesting, but the script is atrociously bad and it's really just another reason to avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was something to be said about. But it's a bad word, not a movie. It was a mess.  There were just a lot of problems and a lot I'm sure they could have solved and gotten the story out of the story.  The story line was really bad, but it wasn't a movie I've seen it in before.  This movie had no storyline, but I couldn't see how they ended in the end. There were so many problems that I can't even count. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the plot develops and becomes more complicated, the film becomes less about the ordinary lives of those living in the world of dreams. Yet, all the characters are wooden or painted figures, and the plot itself is wooden and painted.   The first half of the film starts at the beginning of a day in which everything suddenly turns upside down in a world of illusions. At times it is a little slow and at others it is simply unrealistic. There is one scene where the characters suddenly realize that they are dreaming, but there is nothing that is even remotely believable in this sort of film, but it does nothing to help us understand why.  If you are looking for a slow comedy, this film is for you. The special effects are wooden and the acting is wooden, but the idea is wooden. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favourite movie is The Dead and this film was an action film which was a sequel. So it is a classic.  As for the two main actors - I can say I'm sorry - the script is rubbish and the special effects are, well, rubbish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is so unbelievably long. The plot is so thin-minded, and the characters so bland. I am in the middle of a major crisis when the plot of the movie is at its weakest, and I have to sit there in disbelief, watching as the story continues to unravel in more and more of the film. I really don't understand how a crisis, or crisis, can create something so out of nowhere. But the characters are so weak and the dialogue so unemotional, and so uninspired. It's like sitting in the front row, with your head tilted back and listening to a story narrated by someone who is just as neurotic as you are. It is the first thing I look forward to watching on a bad film, but they don't make the characters as unlikable as they do when they tell a boring story. The actors are wooden and the story so dull, even if you are bored or confused, and we are presented with no real conflict, or real resolution, or story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. This movie would make your skin crawl. The worst thing I can say about it's really the only one I have seen. You see nothing. No plot. No development. No action. No dialogue. No character development.  I can't believe the producers were actually that bad. It really made my blood boil. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was directed by Brian Knappenheimer, who produced this one. The plot goes like this: "The town has gone to hell and the whole town has been blown up." This movie just got screwed up and went. I'd give this one a 2 out of 10. But then there is a scene where the man, a soldier and a woman go into a pub. The girl picks up a girl, but she leaves a guy in a room and he goes into the room. There are a couple of bad scenes but they are not too badly constructed. But it just doesn't work because it is supposed to work. But this guy did get screwed by the director because they did not tell him how to make a better movie than this. If he had the slightest clue, he would have said "this guy sucks and a bunch of people got paid for making this one." That's the only thing I have heard from him.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production values on this film are very low, but the acting is lousy and the writing is horrid. The story lines are awful.  The ending and direction are very bad. This film is so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good, but it's not particularly bad either.  The movie starts off with scenes of people trying to kill the guy who wants to get his girl back. The only thing this movie has in common with the previous two movies, "Red Dawn", "Chernobyl", "The End of the Affair", "Ghosts of Girlfriend".  The guy who gets the girl is a total wacko. He's trying to make the relationship between the couple even more complicated, but that ends up leading the couple into some interesting spots. The whole thing is confusing to say the least. I was hoping this movie would be a typical "man on a mission", but that's definitely not the case. The movie is a major disappointment and I've already bought it because I like the film, but at a cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is weak and the actors are bad, but the plot is way too bad, I suppose. It It.  I saw this film only recently and I can see the awful writing mistakes that I'm not going to get involved with this film and give it 3.  It is like a huge waste of time and money. It could have been better written. The plot has more than one kind of failure (no, it could have one), but the movie was too slow-moving and predictable. It's a pity.  The only thing I would suggest for a sequel is to make it boring. The movie was better.  And what was the original movie? It's been a while. I gave this film a 3 because the ending reminded me of the old movie "The Naked Kiss" which was the worst of the three. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a film which I have no idea how bad I can recommend this film to anyone at all: it would have been a waste of time and money, but they wouldn't have spent it and watched it for about 30 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you read this review, you will realize that in fact this movie was not very good. If you like this movie, you would probably like to have watched "Dead Men". This movie is an experiment to see how much money and time is in the future.  I have heard rumors that this movie is for a movie about mass murder. I am guessing that it would have been a waste of time, but you get the drift. If your a real fan of this film, then you will not appreciate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe someone who worked in the movie business and had to deal with a small-time producer who gave him the title "King of the Pirates" because he had not got his own ship. There is a scene where one of his men (played by Peter Stormare) and one of the crewmen of the "Pegasus," a ship where the pirates are going to go and try to find the treasure. Stormare also plays the man who runs the bar. There are many scenes of Stormare's own, but it is too long for it to get boring.  One of the worst scenes is when he and a group of men decide to fight the pirates, but before he takes off the ship, a group member informs him that his ship has been sunk and his crew members are missing. His crew members decide to take the ship out for a ride, but he insists they should go find the rest of the ship. He tells them to "find the missing crew members!"  The movie is very predictable. But I do have a problem with the plot and the casting. I'm afraid I will never see the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's sad that a lot of people gave this movie a 2.00 rating.  There is an absolutely terrible and terrible story of a group of people who were brain dead and who wanted to kill everyone, but then they realized that everyone would be dead by the time the group found out. It's not because of the script and character development.  The story is terrible and the story is a piece of art and the movie is horrible for those people who are fans of The Dead.   The script is dreadful, but I don't think there is one in particular that is terribly uninteresting. But, for anyone who likes a big plot, there is absolutely no point in seeing this movie and it does not have any purpose to be a horror film. There is no point to watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to compensate for the amount of money the actors are making, and by some miracle a miracle occurs. The script is so bad, but the plot is so awful. I'm sure some of the actors have been doing this before, but only some.  If you haven't seen "A Chorus Line", you won't understand the story. There are so many errors throughout the movie: A couple are walking down the aisle of a local wedding chapel and kissing each other.  I've seen other people doing the movie and I understand how it works. The cinematography was just terrible, but this movie has no redeeming points or meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst thing about this film is that, although it's in the first part of the movie, he dies in the last 30 seconds. But, with a couple of exceptions, that's it. His girlfriend dies and the baby dies first. She's dead. His mother's dead, the baby's dead first, the dog's dead next, the woman's dead and the dog dies last.  The only exceptions are that the baby is killed and the mother's alive. But not one person dies, but there are four people who have died. The four people are the people who are killed first by a deer and who then the deer. The deer kill people first, but then the men and the woman in the car.  This is a bad film with an awful plot. It's the kind of movie I'm talking about when someone tells me "the movie has no meaning to me," which is a lie because I'm a mother of three children, the kind that tells me that they should be able to have a meaningful life, because it's not possible for a man to have meaningful life and not the kind I'm speaking about when they tell me "because a deer is killed, he has to watch two hours of nature and then go to sleep for the rest of the night." I won't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew the movie was so unbelievably boring! But what was it? But that's exactly what I expected.  The DVD case is way over the top. In fact it more than the movie, but at the same time it is a waste of time.  I give this movie a two out of ten. It's a very slow movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the late night channel before the movie aired, and when I got home I looked at the TV remote control to check it was stuck to my television.  The remote control was always a very large problem.  However, the problem with the remote is the problem that it becomes when you press it, and the problem is that you don't actually press it.  In the end the problem of the remote control becomes the problem itself. It isn't possible for the remote to become a problem for you because you know what the remote's limitations are.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is also sad that this movie is a movie about people who lose their virginity in a strange place called 'Vigil'.  I'm sorry that I wasted time and money watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  One thing I noticed about this is that it seems to have the same effect as the previous two films. I have no idea why.  What we did NOT see is that the cast members were terrible, the writing was terrible, they were all kind of a bunch of idiots. They were horrible, they all went through some sort of thing, we knew what happened. That, however, was a very short film with a lot of problems. But if you are expecting more than that, it is not a good film. It is a bad film that I wouldn't waste time considering switching off my DVD player before renting, it just is a film you DON'T WANT TO HAVE ON YOUR LIST OF WORST FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was never going to be. It was never. But this was only the third in a long string of poor movies. In fact, there were many movies with scenes that would have been cut out and pasted on walls, but this is the weakest film on film. It's a shame of a terrible mistake.  The film starts with a car accident. It kills everybody.   The plot is weak, but it's the worst mistake I've ever seen in a movie. I cannot fathom how a car can kill a person at 90 miles an hour.  But don't expect too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is based on the fact that the writer of the novel is killed in a car wreck by a group of guys with the same name. The movie starts out in a small, quiet country in a fog of mystery. But the director seems to know what he's talking about, but they act like it doesn't matter. But in reality there are two reasons why the movie is so boring:   the actors are the same (although they appear to look like they did back in 1998). But they do seem to act better than the other actors. In fact it feels like this film is in the vein of the "Halloween" films from this millennium, but the acting is so bad that it starts to feel like "My Name is Rachel" and the writing is terrible because they're talking in a foreign language. And this film has several times worse performances from the cast of "Hollow Point" and "Dead Creatures". However if you're a horror film fan there are a few things that this movie could learn from, such as good acting and plot. However this film doesn't do that because it's a bad film. It fails because it tries to be like a horror movie and the story and production are poor because the writer is a man.  I would love to see an English version of this "Hallow Point" (although I can only speak to the American version) and I hope it never happens. I saw it in the US and I can tell you what I thought about it. I'm going to write something negative about it: Don't waste your time on this piece or you'll never get the ending. This is just one of the many "Hare" movies. I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this in 3D when I was in France. I really didn't expect it.  I don't get what a 3D movie is, I think it's stupid and I don. I'm glad I've seen this bad movie in the first place because I'm a big fan of bad horror movie and I'm not even remotely interested in horror movies. It's also so very poorly made. I honestly think I have seen better movies than this. I just don't know it was very badly made, it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I'm pretty sure that when it comes to its end, it will be OK. It's the first time I've ever seen a movie that's been so far into the unknown. There are more "bad" films than you can shake a stick at. But even though I've seen plenty of bad movies (I'll say this), the only movie I've hated the worst of this is the one I've already forgotten, but that's mostly what you get with this movie.  What I really don't get is that this movie is a complete waste of time. The plot, writing and acting are not that good at all. But for an hour and half of my life I can't think of one movie I haven't seen in a long time, but for the rest of you, the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the director of this movie is a total d*mn fan of big budget action movies and should have made this the movie it is supposed to be. I just couldn't wait to see what I could have hoped to have been in. It and waited. But by the time I finally saw the ending, I was pretty sure that I had just wasted 30 minutes of my life. But they were a total lot better then a total b*tch of b*lls. But not all.  It didn't save the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is poor and hopeless, but the film, like "The Way of Men" is a poor man's story.  The cinematography is poor, and the soundtrack is the only thing that sounds decent.  I'm not one to write reviews on bad films. They don't work too well if I'm talking about how bad movies is made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting of Michael Rapoport is very bad, and he and the character of a father (and his daughter) are very uninteresting.  The direction is dull and boring, but the production is poorly done and the characters are dull.  I have no idea who the heck made this. I know that the guy who played Rapopart is also a writer. This film had nothing original about it. I really wish I could have seen it more than once. It could have been a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing better or worse. There's something you've got to know.  I've seen so many films, this one falls flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible and was just awful bad. There was not a lot of actors that made up for an actor that looks like he did. The production values were high. The cinematography was awful orgy. The music was boring, there were not many songs that are bad. It was really boring. I don't know why. I guess I would love to.  But this is just a horrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But in the film it's not as bad. It's not. The script is terrible and the acting is awful. The characters are so cliché. The plot is so predictable and the movie is so disappointing and the music is so uninspired and there are only so many places where the plot changes from bad to bad. This is one of the worst movies I have ever ever heard of. It does not work, and the film makers should be held accountable for that. I give this a 1 because it was not a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, there is no explanation for why this film is so awful and is therefore one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But then again, if you're watching this movie, you're not getting any entertainment.  It! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely nothing new to report here.  It is a waste of time. The only reason it got so much time was the fact it had nothing to do until the end.  This is a bad film and I'm going to rent it just because it was crap butchered by the studio executives and there's nothing new in the film to merit a mention. In fact, I wouldn't even bother with it. It's a waste. It is not a waste to rent and only the fact that it is a "film" doesn't have any value.  The only way it is not "worth" renting (for example because it's "so-called" but there are no "so called" films) is the fact the script is bad, the scriptwriter decided to "break" the continuity in one of his films. There was nothing special at all. This was another bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No idea how to make something like this! But this film looks like the last in a long list of disasters that could have been filmed with special effects.  This film was filmed in a style that resembles "A Matter of Life" or "Deathtrap."  All in all I thought I could say that this film is very much like a documentary.   The characters in this film are atypical in their style and demeanor. It's like they don't know what to do. The only problem is that it's a disaster movie and I can't imagine this happening. At times you see the same actors as "A People Called Adam" and "The Black Cat."  The special effects are poor and the editing is bad. There's some real style to the film and a lot of very bad CGI. The film has a real feel of something I have rarely seen before in a disaster film.  I've been waiting patiently with baited breath to see the film on TBS in a few weeks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is why I give this movie a 0 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, even the worst actor in this movie, who plays an Australian cop on the case of an Australian convict (who is actually killed by the convict), finds his partner and gets a date to meet her ex-boyfriend at a local pub. But he's just getting to know the other convict before he can see the convict himself.  I don't know what to make of this. And the other man plays the convict, a hardened hardened convict with a few friends. He's a convicted convict who's not going to see his friends die. A hardened convict who can kill anyone, and who can do anything he wants to do. He just wants to kill his friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was a little funny or that this movie made us laugh. You gotta love this movie at least.   My Grade:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is what, but the acting is all that matters. And since it's nothing special or interesting at all. The characters are not particularly unlikable or interesting either. The script is badly written either. It's a bore.  There's no real plot in this. The acting was terrible, as was usual for this genre, terrible. It did manage to win two awards in 2000-2001, one of which was the "Best Film of 2002" by Roger Michell. And unfortunately, the movie could have been much worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out well, but that's not my favourite movie I saw it. The only thing I would've liked better would've been to put more focus on the story, but this movie isn't.  This is my least favourite and worst movie I've ever seen, but then again I don't know what it was, and I can't tell the difference. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought there was nothing special about this film. I mean, we've already seen it. It is pretty obvious that this film got it. But this film did not make me angry and think I am going to end up on a farm. I will just say that there are better things on the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect it can be difficult to understand the movie's premise and how it informs the movie about race relations.  The movie is in no way representative of any particular race or culture.  But that has nothing to do with it being about a non-existent race or a non existent culture. The problem is not with the movie, but with the whole concept of race and culture in this movie.    I know that the concept is not unique to film - we see it everywhere.  This concept is too broad for most people to fully comprehend - the problem is how it is so unempowering to those people who don't know anything about it. The movie and its presentation don't inspire empathy - they just make them think.  When a person is struggling to be empathic - they don't understand why they are trying to understand and care - if you don't like that person then maybe you will want to understand why it is that person's purpose.  As the movie goes on people become less able to care and love and feel - instead we are presented with an empty shell and people who understand nothing.  It is a movie about powerlessness, racism, alienation, loneliness, alienation and self hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a rather good watch. I've seen some pretty average film in the last 20 years, but my expectations of the quality of the film are very high in the early years of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what they call a "bad movie."  The plot is weak. A few characters are uninteresting, but not nearly all. And it.  This movie is nothing special, but it's far from the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of seeing.   The script is wooden and the characters are wooden. The cast is wooden, but there are far too many miscast characters and the story is wooden.  The movie is an embarrassment to every fan of badly acted movies, but even this would be a failure if you actually paid attention to the plot, but the writing is terrible, and you may actually dislike the cast.  There are a number of problems in this film and a number that the writer should have solved before the film made it's way to the big screen. The worst problem I have with this film is that we have the least interesting things to say, but I won't waste your time arguing about them.  So sit back and enjoy the rest of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was made in 1988, and the song was released as "Rock-a-Bye Music" when "Funny", "Funky", and "Gunny" are nominated for their first Best Film Award in the Canadian Music Film Awards. But that was almost all that this movie deserved. The cast and crew of the movie were nominated for two Oscars, for Best Direction and for Best Film, Comedy, Music, and Drama.  The main focus of this movie was to criticize the movie as part of the "anti-Christian, pro-gay agenda", as a result of which all the actors appeared to have had more "issues", and the movie was about "religious" issues (mainly, gay, lesbian, and bisexual, and religious) with an occasional religious perspective.  What an insult to waste. It's as if the production values had been raised, the acting had been "improved" (by a couple of "actors", who had been hired by "the company", and had chosen not to participate in the production, although they did it at the same time), but all the production team and actors had to get a break, which was really a pity. But they didn't make the movie any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a total disappointment. Unfortunately it also contains the typical mistakes of all amateur films, but also fails in several aspects of the film-making process. But it doesn't try to imitate a director like Jim Gordon, and I'm inclined to give it a 3 (out of 10) simply because it's not worth it either. Gordon and his actors play two people who are not the kind of actors you're used to. It has a weak plot and a few amusing visual effects.  This film is about a couple of friends who decide to have a picnic together, and there is no point in wasting your time watching it.  A 2 is the recommended rating, but I'm also a fan of Gordon's films.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this film was about a couple of friends, and the film didn't deliver all its punches.  Inherent Vice.  I was expecting a lot of swearing, nudity, or bad acting.  The story is a terrible film you'd expect to see and not be forced to sit through it for a half hour.  You might be wondering how a movie can be so bad, but this is more like a film where the story itself has little relevance. This is supposed to be about sexual liberation and a young woman and her friends who go to an art gallery to show her work. In truth it is just an incredibly boring movie, with little nudity, nudity scenes, and an awful soundtrack.   I just wish I could buy the film again and rent it to see the whole thing.  It's almost like a bad episode of Neighbours 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolutely pathetic movie for people who think movies are just made of actors. The whole premise is based on a very simple premise that makes it all too easy to forget - the story is not. If you can forget the story - you're not going to have an experience that makes your eyes bleed. If anyone can give me a plot, that's not going anywhere.  The plot is based off of a series of seemingly endless events. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie after seeing my friends' movies and thinking, "This film is a really, very poor film" but I was too young to know better, and this film is way too long. But I have never seen a film this big before!  The acting and storyline are so flat and unfunny that it has been likened to "Little Tree." But the director has also created an almost empty "The Family Plot" - a plot that is so predictable, boring and unbelievable. In short, the director is a liar: this is another attempt to tell "The Story of Little Tree".   Overall, this is bad movie and only a few people in their right minds would watch this film to get a dose of "the Story of a Man Who Would Die for His Father". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that the script was written before the movie was released on video. I don't think you'll like the movie, but if you're looking for a movie that's not as bad...   And the production is bad. The editing is bad, and the music, acting, story and special effects are bad. If you're a fan of the first season, and if you aren't a fan (and you know when you're watching it) this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting the movie to be a comedy movie, skip this film, unless you're laughing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie really sucks. I can only guess why it was so awful. But it was. But even that didn't do it. But you could tell it was garbage. It was. You could tell. You couldn't tell. Because it was awful and the movie didn't, but you could guess why they were. But don't watch the movie without giving it a chance. Watch it in a theater, but don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman (Dana Gardner) returns to the family home in order to find her daughter. She is joined by her husband (Mark Lint) and son (Trey Parker), his girlfriend (Liza Minnelli), and her friend (Susan Sarandon), played by Ellen Barkin and Jennifer Aniston. The movie is a combination of a sitcom and a horror movie. The film starts off with a plot that has been done many times before and most notably the movie is shot in such a way that is hard to watch without the film feeling forced and the audience not feeling cheated. However, the film is a bit predictable and it is a pity that the original film was shot in black and white, as though it was before the arrival of Technicolor. The only other thing the actors had to contend with was the bad script and the acting. The director was very sloppy, but this is a disappointment for the sort of film it is trying to create.  The film is in dire need of a director, but no actor that I have ever seen has managed to make it this bad.  There was one exception and that was Christopher Walken and his supporting performance is atrocious. He is supposed to be the director of the film.  I give this film a 2 out of 10 because it is the sort that most people who are fans of the original movie should see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are very wooden when they attempt to act like they are actors in a play.  When they make a movie, the whole group goes along with it, but they do it to their own satisfaction. The first movie I ever saw was this. It's as though the actors wanted me to like them.  They are not making jokes. The whole idea is ludicrous. But if you want to see some good movies.  The writing is atrocious. A lot of people dislike this film because the writing is the worst part of the film and the writing has never been so much as good as this.  A lot more would have been accomplished if they had not made so much effort in the script and dialogue. The story is just awful.  This is an average low budget movie. You can see some of the production techniques in action on a screen. But I don't think anyone has seen this before. I think that sums up most of the movie for me.   I have nothing against this film. But it isn't for me to enjoy and understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director's style is very different from the director's. The style has the potential to be very uneven in order to be completely different.  The style and approach are completely different from one another. The styles can be used to be different from each other; it could have been used for a very, very boring movie.  I have also seen a movie that wasn't that boring. That's not a waste of a film either.  It's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast of these four leads is the reason I gave this movie an "I didn't know it was" a movie about a woman who can't decide what she wants and can't make up her mind, but then decides what she really wants. I didn't think I'd ever get to know them and their secrets.  This movie also seems to have been released late in life, at age 50. Unfortunately the film also seems too old.  If you have a weak stomach, this one isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to write another positive review about some movies: This is not a movie in the worst movie genre but a documentary, nor is it an art film, but a movie, though a documentary movie, it's still a movie made for a bunch of people who have nothing to say. A documentary is a documentary of a documentary. I'm really expecting this film to be the first documentary on a documentary genre, but it's more a documentary on the people making documentaries about this genre. I would have said that people making documentary about this film, however well done they are, are still part of the documentary genre which they came from, but people making other documentaries are filmmakers who came from different documentaries, but with very different styles.  The editing and sound are so poor as to be as poor as those who made documentaries. The only real problem I can find with this documentary is that it fails the basic definition of a movie because the documentary is not an art. If you want to be a true documentary filmmaker, I strongly recommend you see it and tell me you liked it and if you hate documentaries, go see this and tell them you hated them, but you'll know they'll still be making documentaries. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a comedy-drama, but I've also seen it on a low budget network. What could have been, but the whole thing is an extremely bad comedy, but there is one scene I can't even fathom because it is so unbelievably unbelievable and unbelievable.  The problem with this movie is it is in no way better than the other two or three of them. I mean, you're going to laugh at the same old jokes anyway. It is, and it has to be the most unoriginal one, but it also happens to be a very bad one. I was very disappointed in this movie because I was hoping it would be better than it was.   All in all, I give this a rating of "1" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My first viewing of "The Grudge" had to be an unpleasant experience. However, when I rented "The Bourne Ultimatum", the only thing I could complain about was that this was an annoying way of getting people to pay attention.  The movie has not been filmed in a cinema - but the only reason this had to "get people to care". I can only assume that most people who hated this movie would have stopped watching when they had to put up with an idiot. The only thing that made me remotely uncomfortable - and this is not a movie with an obvious plot. This was a movie that tried to be as bland as possible, but it wasn't as uninteresting as they make you believe. I would rate this movie lower than the movie "A Simple Plan" - and I was not even remotely close to enjoying this movie. It was just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really like "Mystery Men". Only it is the biggest problem here, but it's really annoying. But that's it. The bad idea of a "small film". But "Mysterious Men" is more like the worst. But the problem is, this movie is not "Mystic Mystery" either, but "Mystious Men". But the only thing that matters is to say that a "film". So this movie only becomes a problem if "Mystenious Men 1" comes along. And that's only the way it was made, it was horrible, but then it became even worse. But this movie, its just boring. No wonder why the movie went straight to video and I'm amazed it was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I couldn't take this movie any longer. I rented it yesterday and it cost me a $5.000 to watch. I couldn;t understand why this was the worst movie ever because I thought it was the first to be made after the world was ended, but even that wasn't good, but it is a bad film. I bought the DVD to watch and saw this movie when it came out in 1995. I am shocked that this is about a woman who doesn't know who she is, who she really is and who she thinks she is. I feel cheated. I mean what the hell, we all knew. It's a waste of time, but in the meantime, avoid this movie at your peril. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My wife, who is one of the biggest names in horror flicks, is a good actress, but not much of it. So the only thing this movie will have to endure is a couple of new faces from beyond the movies's two main actors and several people who were originally in the first two movies (i.e. "The Grudge") and who will likely come back to haunt the main characters. But, if you can look past the acting, it will be very watchable.  I highly recommend this for horror fans looking for something they can't get anywhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When the main characters are at the beach topless, you will laugh. The idea is, if it was the same kind of scene then it would be funny. I was laughing at it then and it was funny. The jokes were predictable and predictable, but this scene was completely lame and I am still surprised at how bad it is.  I was so sorry about this scene, but it didn't work. There is absolutely no reason for this. It's a big waste of time to watch it and the cast and script are pretty good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a man's attempt to win the lottery by playing the lottery on a computer. Unfortunately, he loses the money when he meets the girl he likes. When the man meets the woman he likes, his loss causes her to have a heart attack, which he treats as an emergency.  The problem with the man is that he doesn't care that much about the money and the girl. It's the girl who gets the big shock when she finds out about this.  It's so bad that it's bad for a movie. If you're not a fan of the two, the man who finds out is an idiot. And the man gets an instant brain-dead-thumbs-down from his girlfriend and her friends when he finds out that he needs to find out who's been playing the computer lottery. It is so bad it's good to see if your friend doesn't have any brains.  What the hell are they playing this for?? They're playing the damn computer lottery and the computer, not the computer itself. It takes about 45 minutes to realize this is an emergency... but that's how many minutes you're in emergency. It starts out by saying it's an emergency because the computer was playing it and was not going to win any money at all.   In the end, the girl leaves the computer room after she finds her friend dead in the computer. But after she leaves the room, she doesn't even know why. There's a lot of problems with that.  This movie is just about one woman who is in love with the guy who plays the computer so she can play it and win money. But the guy is an old friend of the girl and the friends of the guy aren't friends of him. You have to realize, at the end the girl has to ask, "why does he have to play this?" and then the guy has to say "why did he leave?" Then they make it up. "The guy, the old friend, the computer guys, the police, everybody... everybody?" "Why?" "Didn't I just ask why?" And then the computer guy goes into the room. "Why didn't he leave before?" "How did he do that?" And why doesn't he take off the computer? Why? Why didn't they put him in the hospital? "Why? Why doesn't the girl leave? What happened? Why?" This movie really sucks. You can tell the story and not
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful... bad, but if you have the patience it will be over long. I can see where they were coming from. I gave this movie 4 out of 10, but it just did not work for me. But even that is an insult. It's a very bad movie to waste the time of the reviewer. If you want to waste your time, just rent this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were the sort of film-goer that can take one or two hours of an afternoon and go off with a beer and have one or a movie to say to the world - this movie doesn't qualify as a movie that people should have seen. It is a movie where people that can be described as "sane". And in a film where people are driven to kill one another, this movie seems to be very tame and so you will probably enjoy this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched hundreds of movies before seeing this one. I thought it was a movie with a lot of sex scenes. The sex scenes were horrible, in the end scene, the girl had her breasts showing and the boy was having sex with his girlfriend while she was having an orgasm. The scenes with the guy and girl were actually pretty terrible (sex) but nothing sexual ever.  I think it was supposed to be a movie where people are having sex. The plot of the movie was completely different from the movie that I had just watched. The acting was so bad and the characters were so dull it was comical but the sex scenes are pretty boring.  If you want to see a movie like this, go ahead and see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film seems to be full of plot holes.  I'd say "oh my god, if this is the kind of film I was expecting to see again, I would have to turn this off to a light to see it.   I hope I'm wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So if this movie ever gets released on video and this review ever finds a copy of it and the film is on DVD, that is the only way this movie can be re-discovered. It's Only Too Bad: But this is a "b" film in which the director insists that he has done "all he could" and is not going to finish it. It is the type of movie that only gets released when he and his company get paid by someone, which is when they actually have to deliver the movie to a bank that actually has to take the movie, which means this movie will be released when the company has to deliver it to the bank, but it is the sort of movie you'd expect in a disaster movie, but one that the director himself insists is much worse than the other films he has made in the past ten years and that would have us all in a daze. But it's a "f" disaster because they are all trying to make you believe the disaster was not the result of "all these people were paid by the banks", but of the director of the company, the lawyer, and the president of the bank. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad it is bad (with the exception of the first two hours when they get blown away). But what about when they finally do get blown up? And the music is so awful, but it is so badly performed it is the main reason they get the big bucks. And there are times when the movie goes into "extremities", but this is pretty lame stuff - and the music, too.  If you get this, avoid sitting through it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not the worst movie I've ever seen in my life and had to say, "Well, the script is terrible, but it's just like, oh, I want to watch this movie again". The movie is one of the worst movies I've seen in years. It has some of the cheesiest acting I've yet seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script (although the humor is extremely thin and the dialogue is stupid), and the "story" are weak. But with so many of the other actors (except the supporting ones) this movie has too much potential. But I did not think that it was a bad film (which the script writer should be embarrassed by writing a negative comment about a film as a film, but a film of the genre), but, and you must admit, the title of the movie is a lot better than a lot of other titles I've seen.  I have seen movies like this before, but this was probably the worst of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so pleased at the idea of this movie.  If I was at the screening I'd just like to see some of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was amazed that this movie is a remake of the first one and is actually a remake, but in a bad way. In short, this movie has so much potential to be a real cult classic because it. There are some characters that are either uninteresting or too uninteresting to be taken seriously, but I don't see how the movie itself could have been so boring, but the movie isn't. It's just annoying because you are watching this movie, but you know what I'm talking about: a "cute" and well-written movie which has a "point" which is something to be considered.  It's not going to endear to most of the people who have seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is simple and the movie is uncomfortably implausible. And the movie itself is predictable. The writing, directing, and production are all good.  I think it's possible to say that most of the films are directed by a man who was just out of touch with his emotions, thoughts, and experiences.  The casting is terrible, but you can tell that there is little sympathy and empathy, because a number of the characters are either completely unemotional (which is at odds with the film itself, which doesn't do much good, and instead is so completely devoid of human emotion) and because it is so hard to understand the movie's themes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is also bad. The plot, the characters, the setting, and the script were bad and the characters were badly written and there were no redeeming parts to the film. The film opens with a poorly acted plot that fails, but the main character doesn't know how to act or do anything else that you would expect from a film that failed, but they certainly don't do anything that you haven't seen done before.    The actors aren't terrible people; they aren't the bad people. The script is a big bore, but it is not the main reason for the film's failure. The main reason why the film fails is because it seems to be a big success for some reason. I didn't expect a film like this to be great or interesting in anyway, but in its own right it fails because it failed because of how it failed. In the end, everyone in this film gets a reason why they should have been so mad at this. It fails because of a lack of interest.  But this failed because people didn't know what they were doing. The director should have said more.  It failed in every sense possible, but only a small number of people in the audience failed because they failed to see the movie in the least.  The main purpose for the failure was to discredit me. I don't know why the writer failed because we knew what the film had to do, but there are so many people who understood the movie, but nobody understood it. So maybe the writer was an idiot.  I gave this film a rating of 1 (for terrible films): 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of "The Blair Witch Project" has to have his head cut off as well.  I can't imagine there was many people in the audience who were going to leave after this movie went off the air.  The cast for this film was very disappointing because it didn't seem like it was a real waste of time. There were only a few of these actors. The plot, story, and character development were all top notch as well, and it did not seem like a waste of film. "The Lost Boys" is one of my favorite movies. The script had a certain lack of creativity. The main cast were all talented and good. I saw this film in the theater years before its release, but its lack of focus and the fact that the characters were written in first person were both disappointing.  It was also disappointing because its focus on rape and sexual violence made a mockery of the film. There is absolutely no justice to be had. I could have used that.  "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo" had a lot more in common with "The Omen" than it did with "Ghost". I cannot imagine "The Blob" or "The Exorcist" were both in the same film and there was absolutely no redeeming plot. I can understand why people would want to see this film as a joke movie or not. It's just not at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The director of "The Dead Zone" says that it is not possible to tell how this movie was made. But he also says it was made when a "suspect" was murdered and his corpse was burned in a huge pyre. The idea is not supported by the script. The character design is bad, but the cinematography is poor and the lighting is bad. But that's it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people might say that this film is a waste of time, but I can't say I'm surprised that many people don't understand the script better than they think.  But the real question is whether the characters are human. But the plot can be confusing and I think most of the characters aren't human.  It's just a typical example of the Hollywood's "art film" formula and if you're hoping for something different and original, you may want to seek out "Worst of the Worst." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    But it was pretty funny.   I was thinking I might like this movie. But I was a big fan of the first one. There's a joke you might like. You know when you're a huge fan of something like this, you have to wait around for something like that. But when you get into something like "Troll 2" and get "Scream", you know you're waiting. You don't know how to wait. But the plot wasn't going to change.  I'm not sure if "Scarecrow" is going to get a sequel or an anime.  All in all, "Trolling" was a fun movie. I hope I'll get to see it in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed when I saw this film. But that's where my disappointment ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I still have to say it in all caps. It's the worst part of a movie I have ever seen in a long time. The movie is so unfunny, I thought the actors were the only ones to be funny. This movie was so unfunniest I've ever seen it. It was so bad, that it's really not funny. But they didn't make a movie out of this movie. They just made a bad film out of a bad script. But this script is awful, and the movie was bad. It just made the actors into cardboard models. But then they should have made a movie about how they were boring, but when they made a film about how horrible animals were. And the story was bad movies. The animals were really bad (they weren't). They did not make it sound like they were stupid or awful. It made it sound more like a horror film. They actually had no story at all. But there was no plot in it. The main characters were boring. But that didn't stop me from not laughing. That was just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My Grade: C  As with many of the other '80s horror movies, such as "Silent Hill," "Castle Freak," "Penthouse Mystery," "Vampires 101," "Zombie Lake," and "Walking Tall," the writer and director and screenwriter try to work within their limits. They want to create a'scary' movie, but only when they can. It just isn't real. It's just an 'excuse' for the writers to'spook' you and put you in a trance.  The plot is not developed at all, but the story lines are weak and uninteresting.  There is not a single minute wasted, but nothing to enjoy except the occasional 'dreadful' sound track. The actors are also of poor quality and the cinematography is quite poor.  Some reviewers have praised this movie and this film seems to have some of the worst actors in recent horror movies history. This is by far the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The way the movie goes about an island full of dinosaurs is very boring, but is also extremely boring, it's a big bore for anybody who likes it.  The whole story is boring and boring and the story itself can make your blood curdle.  There's no one to say it's an original piece. I'm all for trying something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a car chase, with one of the "bad guys" having his truck blown apart by fire. The chase continues for about 25 minutes, but is interrupted by the chase itself, and is then stopped by a couple of guys on fire.   This is not one of those movies about teenagers, but it is certainly not a "child's movie", but it has the potential to be a disaster.  For someone who hasn't seen this garbage, you'll find it very, very dull. There is also the problem of how they managed to make this an exercise in making a movie for people who "do" this "film".  It is the kind of movie you watch after a really big movie (like this) for the very first time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, as I said in my review about "The Big One"... but they are all so awful... but this one is just a dud.  All in all, you can say the Big One sucked.   I'm not going to talk about "the Big One" because they have some good comedy or made a good movie. I don't understand the joke. I haven't seen the film in quite a while. The acting is okay. It's the ending that kills. It sucks. The plot is a lot less lame. I mean, why?  And to those people who think that "The movie was about a woman and a boy, who are so obviously getting close".  The guy whose job was at the mall is completely useless. I'm surprised how many people thought it was about how to make a bomb or even a nail for a nail. But I have to say that it was pretty awful. But it had to. It had to because they couldn't make a movie like "Top Gun" did. But they couldn`t have made a movie this movie. It just had to, but not because I had ever heard of "The One". That is pretty much a waste of time and money to me.  It`s just not worth watching because they had never heard of the movie before, but it really stinks. But this is nothing more than a duds and it`s like the worst of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not the result of an argumentative debate, but a highly stylised presentation of a series of arguments that are both deeply illogical and profoundly incoherent. The director, Christopher Lloyd, is of the "I Love Lucy" school of writers that can be seen in the last half century. He has been nominated for the Nobel Prize. The film "Rabbit" is the best known of the series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really a mess, but I wasn't going to pay to see it. But a guy named Jeff (Jim Carrey) takes over a small country which has its own problems. He's just got a whole bunch of trouble brewing that causes the entire place to go from the first snowfall of a year to the second snowfall in six months, just so Jeff can get back his money. He doesn't have a whole hell of people to run the country. There are two guys who are friends and who think it's way too late for Jim to leave, and another guy who is Jeff's (Jim Kroll) brother and his son, so on and so forth. There's a guy who lives in the remote country who has a son named Kevin (Michael Caine), but that seems too long for a kid, but he doesn't seem to have any kids.  The whole movie consists of a bunch of bad, uninteresting characters and terrible situations which are all the things that can lead an actor down the drain of the worst kind of movie I've seen in my life.  What an insult. But the worst thing is this: the script is weak and the script isn't even written by the author, but by a guy with a little knowledge of the movie. It has to be a bunch worse. The people in the film have to behave in the kind of "actor-like" comedy that would not be as bad as it sounds.  This movie has no redeeming value, but the script and the people involved in the movie are so bad. So go ahead and rent this for the first two times you see it and save yourself the $5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the most uninteresting part of the movie. There is absolutely nothing to see here.  The story and character development are excellent. I enjoyed watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you haven't seen this movie you are an idiot.  This movie could've been better directed and it wasn't. The script is really bad, but the animation is really BAD...and the only really bad movie I remember was The Prodigy...and it had an incredibly bad script. The whole movie was extremely poorly done. A lot of the scenes were like this....and it wasn`t even worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is not the bad movie (despite the way they've made it look like they were making a movie in the last ten years.) However it is the kind of movie that you would expect to see. The plot, and the acting, are the least thing that made me scratch my head and wonder, "what was that about." I am not one to give the movie a high score. It is a pity to see the movie only once, but I can't help but have an extremely low opinion of this garbage-movie despite the many shortcomings it has, but don't expect much in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about some girl who is attracted to one of the worst people in the country - the mother who wants her child to be a soldier. But what makes it's own movie is a huge problem - the only person the movie could have been about would have been the girl who became a soldier, and her son - the father of the soldier who died in the first scene, and of the mother of the second soldier who was killed in the next scene. The problem is when the mother realizes this and decides to take her son back to her home to raise him with her. But this is a rather weak film, but it's not a terrible film.  This is a terrible example of the problem that is faced by many people when they decide to live in countries like the Philippines and the Maldives.  The worst thing about this film was a film that I hated for many years - the woman who killed her husband, and the soldier whose son she was raising. But I am a total fan of the movie, but I'm not sure I understand it completely - I hope I do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just saw this movie yesterday and said to my girlfriend, 'I think it's actually just terrible. I mean, she's a total fan of "Survivor". So there you go. It's an absolute waste of time and even a little bit of money.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie where the lead actor and the main character are gay. The only character that gets a major part of the action is a trans woman with the condition of gender identity disorder. Her character has the appearance of a transgender person who is also a transsexual.  This movie is really very disappointing.  If you like watching movies that features a gay character that isn't even remotely like me, this movie is one I would strongly recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was made in 1983 when the makers were trying to capitalize on the success of "Silent House." This is a case where they had to compete against one of the biggest hits ever made in the 1980s. As usual, the movie is a great movie, and this is the case where the director really had to find something else to write about. It's almost like when John Grisham tried to create a novel after "Silence of the Lambs" was released. In short, they have to find a way to make money off of it in short order, and that is where the script loses its shine. I can only hope that the original "Silently" was much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie the day it came out. I was so upset it's just as real, it's not an action film, but it's a film that's so bad. It is a movie that just really needs to be remade.  So the plot is weak to blame, but if the movie isn't good, then I have nothing more to say.  I'm sorry this is really a bad film I have to turn off the TV and put the VCR back in. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I saw when I first saw this film is the only one thing that I can ever hope for. It's awful. The film is like a poorly acted, dull film that just drags you through the entire film without any sense. It can't be better made, but it could have been much worse. The only real mistake I can think of in this film: The sound is the worst part of the film and there is one moment when a group of people walk through an intersection, but when they walk through the intersection they go through the wall and the sound is muffled when they leave the intersection. But that moment is only supposed to happen when the people exit the intersection and come to the side of the wall.  But I think it would have been better if the sound had been louder. The music is the movie's main asset, but the sound track can't carry the entire movie, but you can at least tell what the sound was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie - one of the worst movies I've ever seen - is absolutely terrible. But unfortunately it's an excellent way to torture yourself and force the "truth" into submission.  And it's not only for the actors - for me it's a torture to experience and I don't recommend you do the same.  If you want to see some "real" horror you'll have to wait until the movie comes out.   And if you want a real torture to put your hands on yourself then grab your trusty trusty knife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a first generation Mexican American, I was a huge fan of the original trilogy. The original trilogy was, without a doubt, an incredible historical event.  I can tell you the only reason I watched the series, the original "Rabbitfoot" movies was to see if I could. This film is so bad that I could not even finish watching it. It's just bad. So, so bad. It will be a waste of time, but a waste the time it is. The writing is bad, but the sound is so-so. I can guarantee you that it is not as bad, just that the story is terrible, that the dialogue is so poorly written, and the direction is so poor (the script was poor, but so was the movie). However, the music is awful... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There was nothing I could compare it to. The acting is pathetic, but everything else is terrible. It was really very predictable and very predictable.    The script was also poor. The bad-ass character designs were okay. The dialog was really awful, really bad.  But there's a lot of weird and bad-looking monsters out there that just doesn't work well. I don't know what it is.  The other characters were very annoying, but the main character was so awful. He's not terrible. His character isn't boring, but it's definitely the worst.  There were several times when the story seemed to get worse, but that wasn't enough, and it's just plain stupid annoying.  I wish I could get back my rental, the one that sucked the most, but I know that that could never happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is the only one that could have made me laugh. If I had known then what the hell were they thinking?!?!?!  This is not for me and my friends. I just want to know the real story and what the heck is going on in this story. In case you want to laugh, this is not the worst film I have ever seen. My final point of contention for this movie is that a lot of people didn't know what was going on with the whole "the world is going to end" and that this is a joke.  This story was very predictable and predictable. I also feel that the filmmakers were trying to be funny at every turn, and while the story is predictable in the first three or so minutes, the characters were very predictable. There is no real comedy in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However the worst thing that I can say is that "I can't believe this piece of garbage is garbage" garbage. This is a major embarrassment to the art world as well. There is no point in this at all, but it has to be the only one movie that I've ever watched that is as awful, and I was not even close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the director is a master of making a horror film. The script is weak, but the characters are poor and weak and the film is a failure for its own sake, but not in any way that I'd ever expected from a film with horror-thriller material. This was also a disappointment at worst times when the story of the story is weak and weak, which is something we should have already expected. The film is set in the world of Yash Chopra's films as well, but Chopra seems far superior. He is as good as the director's other cast members, and the soundtrack of songs is also good.  The film starts off at a very low budget with characters that were the worst, but in spite of the film's failure, one can overlook the film and the plot.   All in all, this is not the most awful horror film I've ever seen. The only real horror film that I was expecting to be released this year is "The Invisible Man" from the Italian horror film "La Serrata" (1981) which was in my opinion the superior film ever made. It is a film that could have done much better than "The Shining".
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that you really don't want to spend two hours of your life sitting through. The plot seems very weak to me when the film is so poorly acted, but the acting is weak and the actors are terrible. As the movie progresses we learn more about the characters as they get closer to each other. I would give this movie a grade of "C" if it were a movie with a script that had no discernible story or no character. The script is the weakest element of this movie as the characters all fall under the category of "unreal" and all are in their own separate worlds. A "B" grade would give it a "C". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors, and the movie are mostly good. I was expecting more from the actors, but they have nothing better to show than a smile (with no hair).  The movie lacks a single actor who actually comes across as believable. There are no characters who could convincingly act and who could do it convincingly. The characters are all bad in this movie, but so are the bad actors, which I think is the key problem, but it's a big mess. This has the potential to be the worst movie I've ever seen.  Avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a waste of cellulose (biofilm) and it was a Waste of Time...  But I am not sure that it was. However, I have not seen any of the other movies, but I am disappointed. But that doesn't mean it was the right movie. It wasn't.  It would have been. But I don't really care. It's bad, and I don`t care.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't see this movie when it came out. I saw it yesterday on the channel when the director, John Sturges, came on to discuss this and other movies. The idea of making a sequel to this movie is probably the most disappointing thing in film-making. What a shame. This is one of the worst and worst films I've ever seen. The only thing this film needs is a script and an original script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film which has some problems.  However it is not, as I am sure many who read the book would believe.  This film had such problems. The script was terrible as one would expect, but it was not poor enough to make one believe that it was made in some dark and sad way to show how to make movies like this. The problem here is that one of the characters in the film is also the person who has just finished making the film. If one believes this to be one of those films which is just too "bad", one has to believe that they made the film in order to complete the story, and that the film has been made in order so that one would have the same experience as in the book. There are three problems here.   All three problems are really the result of "the problem with evil". The problem with "evil" is that there is no one to "make" a sequel of this, and the problem with making a sequel is that it is the writer who has to come up with a plot to tell the story to anyone. One can almost sympathize with this and "the story", but if one believes that it "wants to be made into a movie" then there is an extra problem that we do not have yet.  The writing is poor, but the director should be thankful that he is not doing this to anyone who has not read the novel and understood what the writer wrote.  All in all, this film had some serious problems.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a joke and an insult to the general public. What was the purpose? What was going on? Did the CIA want to get rid of the movie or something? Did they want to put in subtitles and use in Spanish? The CIA wants to get everyone else, and they think everyone else is just going to watch the movie for free. This movie should be avoided at all costs by every American who has ever been in love with a Spanish girl. You won't be disappointed at all.  I can't even understand the subtitles at the beginning of the film.   However, this movie is way beyond bad, so avoid it at all cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie and thought that it was at least a little bit slow-paced, but that seems to be the only way it's the movie that I liked. The plot doesn't work, and the acting is terrible. The casting is average, but it is a movie about a man whose only "problem" is that he's a father. It's a pretty boring, if boring, movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a very boring and stupid and I have no idea what the hell they were talking about, but the acting is so incredibly amateur and the script is so poor and it's painful to watch.  The characters are so amateur, I thought they were as amateur as the rest of us are. And this film was so amateur that it's excruciating to watch, but in the end, the director should have the decency to be honest.  However, this movie is the worst of a bad film with absolutely amateur acting, and it was so badly produced that it was laughable. The camera work was amateurish and looked like they had never been in a school production before. They failed to tell the difference between real and fake. The acting was so bad that it looked like the actors had been hired.  Avoid. Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is way worse than the original one. But this movie really is way more like the original movie, with a whole bunch of new characters introduced that the main character goes to an insane mental hospital for the rest of his life to live. It's way worse then the movie was. There is no gore and there is no blood for the sake of it. There's no sex scenes in this movie and it's way more of an action packed then the original. The main problem with this movie is its terrible premise, but that's just my two cents.  I gave this movie a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a woman named Natalie who is pregnant, and is pregnant.  The story is terrible.  When Natalie tells Natalie the horrible secret of her pregnancy, Natalie threatens to tell her boyfriend and tell him that she wants her boyfriend to become an even bigger man. She also tells him a story where a woman falls in love with a stranger. Natalie does a poor job as a doctor and helps a woman who is being held prisoner in an abandoned hospital. The story fails miserably, but the film is just terrible because it tries hard to be as boring as a film, but it fails miserly in trying to be something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You won't believe me, but if you're a skeptic, you'll find yourself getting angry. You get to see the entire plot, and that plot is terrible. You can even buy the original film and watch the whole thing with friends.  The film is a pretty decent example of the worst possible combination of low budget, amateurish special effects and amateurish editing. The actors are amateurish (I can't believe I had to use actual actors to play one of the main characters), and the soundtrack is amateurish and amateur in its use of samples of various European languages and different styles. It has a pretty good story, and the script is awful amateurish by the standards of the day, but you can tell it's an amateur film, but the cinematography is amateur, the plot is amateur and the music is amateur.  I saw this movie on the big screen in a cinema in Paris. It is a terrible insult to be made before the film was released in the USA.   The acting was bad, but they were amateur, and you don't get the satisfaction of watching a bunch of amateurish amateurish films. The movie started out with a bang. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about four people living together in a city, and the people who live there, and who are doing good.  If you want to see this movie, do yourself a favor and go rent it.    The movie has a couple of very bad endings, and a couple dozen of really bad characters who really don't do well with each other.  But the worst mistake in this film is the bad script, and they don't try to make excuses. It isn't really that bad movie, but the script is weak.  The original film is probably the worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But, of course, the script is the worst thing. The actors are wooden and are terrible. They don't know the difference between a kid and a grown-up.  The movie starts by showing a guy trying to kill a kid with a baseball bat. The kid is then sent to a mental institution to be cared for and to be treated for his "mental age" of 7.  As the movie progresses the character starts feeling more and more depressed about the mental age of the kid. He eventually finds himself alone and in the middle of the woods. Then we see a guy walking past a mental hospital. He meets a girl (a kid in the mental institution) and they have sex in the woods (on a mountain top). When they get back to their childhood home they walk through their bedroom. The mental age starts rising higher. So the kid goes through puberty and begins growing breasts and develops pubic hair. The sex scenes are shown and the sex acts are shown, but not shown. It is about as short as "a three-year-old boy getting his penis" in the shower. But, when the sex act is shown there is nothing shown about what kind of sex they did. A bunch of women and other kids are shown as they walk away.   The script is wooden and so are the characters. The characters talk very ungrateful. There are no real surprises at all.  So, what kind are you expecting. Well, there are a bunch of kids in mental institution. The movie is basically a waste of.  You won't like this movie. It has the same problems the movie had with many other movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the first movie is boring and boring. You don't have to pay the producers for it, but this movie is not. However, the movie seems to be a lot more of a good one to rent.  If you are into this type of movie, you need to be into the movie more than you want to be, but the production values aren't there yet.  The script is weak and the acting is poor.  As for the story, they keep on delivering. But, at the same time, this movie seems like it could have been shot in 4 days instead of the 4 years I think most people would have expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie had a couple of plot holes that were not patched. The movie starts with a group of people who are looking to build a better life for themselves and get away. The idea is that it would be a good idea, but they know it will be a success because the writer wrote the movie with this plot hole in his head.  The hole itself is in the story as the holes were in the movie. They are there as plot holes.  But the movie does not have holes that are big holes that the whole movie is filled with. The holes in the plot are the holes in your head that get big if you talk to people who have them. But people who don't think they have holes, don't talk to someone who has holes. And everyone is not made of straw.  There is one story hole that comes out the movie, but it is far too small to have any meaningful meaning at all. So the holes didn't add up to the whole thing. The hole in the head was a whole thing, not a whole movie.  I would say that people who think the holes are just boring holes in a movie should see this movie. It may be a boring movie because the story hole is in your skull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   (besides the actors and special effects).  I was very disappointed by the film's continuity mistakes, but since when was it was the original. The film is full of bad music, poor actors, bad music that is terrible. The movie goes on and on until the credits roll in about two hours after the movie.  The acting is terrible, the dialogue is very poorly written, the script is terrible for the most part poorly written and the songs bad songs are atrocious.  However, the film is not terrible, but very very poor.  I'm sorry I couldn't finish watching this film because I couldn`t finish listening to it in one hour or less.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely no reason to watch this film at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are really two types of film this year. One is in a genre of film you wouldn't want to watch again; the second is a genre you'd want to avoid and should probably avoid this genre altogether.  The script is weak and the story is weak.  I am not a fan of the plot or acting. It just sucks, but is not a real bad movie either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, acting, script, direction and acting were all above average.  I've seen a few of the films, but this one stinks. The story, acting and characters are all awful, but I don't recommend buying this. Avoid the sequels, but only as far as they're bad, and only buy the first of the two "bad" movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with the title and the storyline. It's really a bad thing but not a good one, but it's a bad one, not a movie. The acting is all the same and the story is all different.  The film looks like one of the worst movies I've ever seen.   The movie was actually pretty bad at times. The story lines are poorly developed and boring and the cinematography is all very wooden and pretentious.  A very short summary of the movie: "But how is it? How is it that there are not a bunch of people waiting around to shoot and then just get shot? The way the story line is developed is very boring and clichéd and is just awful, pointless and predictable. The script and the dialogue were terrible and the characters are poor compared to others I have seen. The plot was completely implausible because of how poor the story lines were and how it felt so good. And this movie really lacks in every aspect of a movie and only suffers from a lack of the writing. A movie with bad writing, bad acting. The premise was poorly written and the script had no chemistry, because you could tell that they had to act the part of a bunch other people. The ending is terrible because the ending is predictable. This movie is a joke, but the plot didn't work, but I was more disappointed with it, so it's not a film you want to waste your time on. I gave this a 1 because the script is poorly developed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's also a lot of plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are terrible and idiotic actors who have no personality or character development whatsoever, but the actors aren't.  The only other movie I saw when I was a kid was this one. But it is a bad, boring, boring movie because it isn't supposed to be a film, but simply a boring, predictable film. It's a shame that, in the movie, the "actors" are the actual actors. It isn't, for all I know, really, a waste of a film and not.  I mean, come on, it was one of the worst movies I've ever had the displeasure of viewing and a bunch of people who didn't know how to act. But that's what I got out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is thin and the script is weak. There are only a few things that I liked. A lot of them were boring. They had a lot more fun. I could enjoy a story like that of "Lucky" (another one of the worst movies I had never seen).   I have only watched a few of the films i had seen as an adult. And in one of them, "Un Chien Tung" is a great director, although the movie isn't that great, the script was. And the movie was so-so, but there was an abundance of bad dialogue and a few shots of poor writing which looked like they were playing a video game.  A "B" rating, which i had given this film and it's two young protagonists, was a disappointment when the film came out.   The story of a girl who is forced to get married at 18 (the age of consent is 18) and who is at the altar of her first marriage, is a disappointment and a major disappointment.  They are the type who, when confronted with marriage in a church where only men and women are allowed to get marriage annulled, should say, "I'm sorry, I love you both, but you just do it anyway and don't believe me, believe me" and walk away. But don't go anywhere and you will find yourself being blamed for believing them.  But this is definitely a waste of a bore and will only leave you feeling cheated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not told well, but the acting and plot aren't bad. In fact the two main actors are so completely unbelievable. They don't make a movie about themselves. At the end of the day, when the two characters meet their real lives are cut short, the ending just makes things look worse and the movie goes into the woods and kills everybody. You don't know when it starts happening. The people are killed and the story just keeps going. It has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The ending is one of my least favourites. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of this kind of movie. I really think it's very amateur, but I don't think it was a joke. The story is terrible and contrived and that it is poorly made and illogical.   It's so bad.  It has no relevance to anything.  I was surprised. I am sorry that I am not alone in thinking that a movie was boring. I don`t know anyone that was. I mean, if you have the slightest bit of wit and intelligence, then this movie deserves the attention of the director and the cast.  The story seemed a little contrived. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is made by a group of British soldiers who are under the watchful eye of a Colonel (Michael Fiske). The film's title is "Trucks," and the "Truck" is the vehicle used by the group to transport weapons and supplies to the fighting group. The convoy is a symbol of the conflict's brutality, but it is not the only way in which the soldiers are dehumanized. The soldiers on the trucks are portrayed as monsters, but the monsters aren't monsters. The monsters aren`t monsters because they are only monsters. "Taken", which is an example of bad film writing, is a poor film that uses the word "taken". The soldiers are caricatured as the sort that would make a joke out of it.  The characters are stereotyped, but in my opinion the main problem with this film is that it is an extremely poor film, and so the filmmakers should have been ashamed of themselves for releasing it. The dialogue, dialog, script, direction, and directing of the film make it difficult to distinguish between a joke and a serious matter. They do so in an attempt to make it a joke.  In conclusion: the actors are terrible and idiotic, but they act like this in the same way that the characters in "Tranz".  It is a joke to say that there are no real problems with the writing, but even when the writing fails, it is only because there aren't any real problems.   The script is terrible and the dialogue is stupid, but only in "Zombi 2" and "Red Eye" does it fail. "Zombie" is a film in which men and women meet in a graveyard and have a zombie that can control them. The characters who are given to make the zombie eat them. But the writing isn't even the worst thing that is failing here. "Routine" is stupid and the characters aren` t stupid and lazy in "The Dead Code."  There are no characters who look like normal people. But it isn`t really a joke, but I do wish there was any point to this. This film fails on its own.  This is a waste of a film and I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that you want to avoid seeing, but unfortunately you cant.   I thought the film was boring and I was disappointed because they filmed things in 3D. But I think that the idea behind 3D in the beginning was the idea of making the viewer see more things in real space, but without the 3D there are no new things to see in a 3D movie.  This movie was definitely bad at the time. It had an odd lack of energy and a weird "screw" effect. But the idea that its awful to see a woman walking around and not to see the woman that walks through walls. The girl that is in the middle of the road doesn't really match her at all.  I'm not saying that I have ever seen an actual ghost before or have read a ghost book before I saw this movie. But this movie is a bad, possibly even a truly terrible "horror" movie. It was bad and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In "The Naked Gun," this movie is the first to be shown by many people who have seen the movie, as it is simply one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. The Naked Gun is the worst movie I have EVER seen in a long time, as the acting was terrible, the writing was bad and the script was completely incomprehensible.  The entire movie is just a mess of clichés and bad dialogue. You think this is going to be bad movie, but if you think that, you will have a very long life ahead of you.  In the end, the Naked Gun ends up being the ONLY reason I watched this movie, which could have been the worst thing ever. I actually laughed at it, and there were a couple of people who said they were laughing. It was one of those movies that made people act like robots.  I saw this movie many times, but I hated it so much that I think it is going down hill when it comes to the story. It is a disaster.   I don't know if I will ever sit through this movie again. It would be a waste of time, though I don`t hate it as I hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one should have to waste their time. That's one thing the whole movie did well.  It It is a movie so bad.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is true that this movie is NOT the first "bad movie of the worst film I've ever seen". It IS an example of one of many "s" films I've seen.  This film is absolutely BLEED!!!  In other words, this means the characters are not interesting, but the characters and the story are interesting in ANYTHING they attempt to tell. This movie has nothing to do with the character development, but it tries to be so utterly uninteresting and it has nothing at all. It is the kind of film you want to see on your last birthday, but don't bother, you can watch it over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that these guys could have the good taste of a man who makes one of the most basic elements of the movie, and he has the good sense to let it go to his girlfriend.  But this is the most boring movie in the film genre ever made. The writer and director try hard to keep the viewer from turning it off when they are done with this film. The only thing I can think of that didn't work, was the plot. But it is all very predictable, even the dialog.  However, the characters aren't as simple as I anticipated. But when one looks at the overall picture and realizes what the hell was I watching was a piece of crap that I had to give it the benefit of the doubt that this was one of their worst movies ever. It's one of those movies I am glad to have had back in my life. The soundtrack is completely forgettable as are the character actors (except for the guy in the shower, for those who knew that wasn't possible). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Criminally Insane"  "Insane" is a great idea, but the main theme of the story is the idea that, although the person involved may be in the wrong, there is absolutely no good reason to believe the person's story.  "The Insane Plot" is one of the most boring parts of the film.  The title and the music are the main reasons I'd pick this movie over "Stories of Life". The acting is amateurish and the story can't have the film made. A complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the lost tribe of the Blackfoot, a story which is told from the perspective of the "Whitefoot" tribe (as portrayed in the movie), is a major theme throughout the entire movie.  As the movie progresses, we are exposed to a wide range of terrible acts committed by a tribe of savage Indian. One of the acts committed is the rape of a Blackfoot girl. This would be a disaster for anyone who has to deal with a tribe that is completely unapologetic about the rape and pillage they do to the native American girls. But, since it's about a bunch of people whose tribe are massacred or driven off, but only the Blackfeet are the victims of atrocity.  The acting is terrible. The acting ranges from horrid to the worst. Unfortunately, it is difficult to determine which tribe the girl belongs to. The male actor who plays the "Blackfoot leader" is also horribly miscast. The characters are wooden and the dialogue is terrible and the Indian is "a barbarian", but at the very least, the movie isn't terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only assume that most of the reviewers who commented on this film are of the same generation as me, because I was 9 and everyone I knew was 9. I remember watching this film when I was about 4 years old. It (I hope you haven't forgotten it).   I have no clue why you'd give this a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and the characters are weak. The main problem with this movie is that they are not even trying hard. They are just happy, which in turn makes them happy, and happy.  The main character is an old man who has not been happy in a long time. He seems to have been around for the last 60 years, which is an incredible achievement.   I am a fan of the late Neil Simon who's "Somewhere In Time" is one of my all time favorite film, but even I am amazed at the lack of self-indulgence I am experiencing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst film I have ever seen in my life. I can honestly say that the plot was more than two people having a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out so badly - but by the end of it they just make up new movies which is so boring that people who are into this garbage - but that isn't even close. It. It was so bad that people in other countries ended up calling it the worst movie ever. It wasn't even bad, but it was just bad and really really boring. It just felt like watching a really bad movie and I wanted to make a lot of money at it.  It could have been much much worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Babylon 5: Descent", "Blood".  The storyline involves an ancient civilization that has discovered a way to control the entire galaxy.  The original series was produced by Canadian director Jean-Marc Barr. They are set in a completely different universe that can be found in the first movie, "Space Cowboys". This series is also in a very short time frame. The animation style is very similar to the original series, but the animation is very poor in both budget and detail compared to the movie production. The production design in the series is absolutely atrocious, but it is also very poorly done. I'm looking forward to the next installment, but unfortunately, I won't be waiting very long.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at the risk of being politically correct, you'd be forgiven if you made the movie without an actor playing the main character.  It  I saw this movie yesterday, and it wasn't so bad, but it's obvious that someone who has seen this is not going to like it.  I would have loved a film of this, but the writer/director of this movie isn't really giving this a chance to shine, but rather just trying to make you hate it. The writing and acting are simply terrible. In the end it's as if you really want to see the biggest film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, while "A Simple Plan" is not to be seen as an insult to a high school drama production and a film is not meant to be made for a low-budget student film, "A Man Called O'Brien" is the film that should be watched.  However it is a terrible waste of time. The actors are not toasted for the performances. The movie has a few nice scenes, though the story is predictable and the story has some twists.  The sound editing is bad.   The script is also terrible. The last 10 minutes was just for laughs and they were only the worst part. The acting is too bad. The film has very few decent songs, but the music was OK and at times you got a real shock. It does not have an original plot, but it has an awful awful amount of terrible writing and a few bad films where the story isn't even remotely developed. I am a big fan of bad writing and i saw this film many times since it was on TV and I don't understand where they got the idea that the story was completely random.  "A man Called O'dier" is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes (1/2/3/4) of this film (3/7/10) had me laughing so hard my eyes were closed. I can only hope this film was not made when they needed a good comedy and this time I'm talking about the fact that I laughed and laughed and thought to myself it was a comedy skit.  The film was a huge disappointment on many levels. The acting, editing and sound were all top notch. The plot was terrible, as was the plot. The songs were awful, the script was bad and the music was awful.   The plot is terrible. It was the worst part of this movie and the worst thing about this film that I found in my review is that the director had filmed this movie with a bad camera (and the story was terrible). The only thing I wanted was to laugh. And the camera-work is so bad. It's no big deal.  I just didn't know the difference between an awful horror film, a comedy, and a drama. It sounds so pretentious. The only two times I'm a fan of this, after the first 30 seconds (1 second). I also knew that it had been filmed with an old-fashioned camera that had a low-grade color-dye, that was not the cheap grainy film I'd seen before this. I don't know why the original camera was crappy, but I'd heard this film had nothing to do with reality. I could have written better. This was a bad film.  But this is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I saw this movie, but it wasn't in my opinion of a typical TV movie. I'm not exactly a huge fan of this "wonder what the hell they're up to?" The problem isn't that "they're up" but rather that the movie isn't a television movie. If you were to make the mistake I made by making it a film for a school film, then there was no need to waste time. The problem was that "wonders what the heck they're doing" instead of "wows what the HELL they're done". "They're doing something" but "something" is a poor word in the movie. That was just the mistake i made. But it isn't supposed to be a bad film, it is a film that is supposed to "woo." And the main thing you have to do with that word is learn the difference between "woos" and "wow's" because they mean different things in different words, and the word "wooo's" has no meaning if "wowed" means exactly what it's meant to. I can only imagine it's a film in which the characters are "wowing" each other, but the main problem I had with this film was learning about language. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The director is in the process of putting together a complete, two-hour retrospective on this classic film.  There is only one drawback I can find: The first half hour or so, a number of times I saw it with the help of a friend.  The film has absolutely nothing to recommend it and nothing to detract from it. The only "flick" I can think of is the way in which it's about sexual intercourse. In this, you have to ask yourself: "Why would you want to see a documentary on one of the worst films I've ever seen, one that has such an annoying title ("Hollow Point"), and you have no idea where it came from or why.  A low budget Italian comedy of the 30's was nothing to start with. In fact, I didn't like it. A lot of people didn't. It's all I can ask for. But if you don't like this, I'll be happy to trade that for a decent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The "worst movie ever" is also about a girl who has no clue how to "manipulate" anything. She falls in love with a girl whose brother is having an affair, which ends in a bloodbath.  "Bloodbath", the director has admitted, "is a movie that is just an insult to everyone" since people have been subjected to violence, rape and murder. I found the scene of an angry mob chasing after a wounded girl through a forest, "bloodbath", but he is not going to do something like this. The "blood" just flows out of the girls' bodies. When a girl is decapitated, she doesn't just "disappear", but the whole "system" falls apart in a "blood bath". "Blood bath" doesn't do the job. The whole movie is a disaster waiting to happen.  The movie starts out like most other blood baths, but they only lasted 30 minutes, and the "system", the "flesh", is completely destroyed. The girls' breasts, genitals, pubic hair, body hair and nails are cut off and they can't even sit in the water without being shocked. If you have a problem with that, don't buy it. "Blood Bath" is an insult since people feel they have to put any effort in, but this movie is just plain bad.  I have seen "Blood", "Boomerang" and "Ghosts". The women in this movie are so ugly and that makes me feel like crap. It's the "bad guy" of "Blood" and the girl's lover is so pretty, but "Blood Bowl" is a movie about a couple who kill each other with the sword or whip and the man "pushes a girl's head in" while she is screaming and running around screaming. "The girls' boyfriends" (the guy) are pretty hot because they can go around cutting each others' throats and then have a woman cut off their partner's hand. When she finds out, she kills her lover, but only then she decides she wants to.   All in all, you'd expect a film this bad. It is an action movie for a man to "beat a woman" while a woman is screaming in agony and a woman running around shouting in agony at him, but the acting isn't bad, and you know that the woman is not bleeding anywhere. When they are fighting each other in "Blood". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is that people are the only reason why a movie succeeds in the long run, but fails because they were a bunch of bad actors. I say actors because they're actors. They're actors, they're not people, but they're people. This movie is one of those movies where the story is thin. The people are annoying but the story itself is poor. The story is just as much of a joke as the characters are. I'm sorry, you don't have to be that bored, but if you're expecting something to happen to you, then avoid this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No story, plot, characters, characters or writing in this piece of crap. The story is bad, but the dialogs are completely wooden, the characters are stupid, by definition, stupid, completely uninteresting. And the dialog is wooden, but only so I can describe the problems I am having with the story and with the characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So what's the point of watching this film?  In the first place, there is no discernible plot: the script is thin and the direction is poor and the music is flat, the lighting is flat and the colours are flat. There is no plot.   The direction is not especially bad: there is nothing in the script to suggest that the filmmakers deliberately tried to build suspense and suspense. There are no scenes that are especially boring. The characters are drawn with flat angles and a strong degree of realism. There's no real story or character development.  There are, of course, lots of special effects and a lot of explosions and explosions.  I will not spend any more time explaining why there is such a problem: the plot is weak, but I won't go into the film any more and I will try to make the audience jump through hoops and get somewhere to go.  It seems like a very small film, but you would not get to know them. The plot, acting and directing are not good enough to merit a 1 star review.  All in all, the film had a mediocre rating, but was not very good or very funny in itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie several times and I am completely shocked that this movie was completely uninvolving. The plot is dull, the action is slow-paced, and this film is utterly implausible (even in this context). The only real downside is that the story can't be told because it's an adult film. However, it is a waste of time, as is every other movie. If you want to see a movie that is not "horror," "romantic", "chilling", and "bizarre," you can rent it from the video store and get the "Tempted to Live" DVD boxset that is only half the price of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really a film buff, a film fanatic, and I'm not even going to lie, but I can see where this might have been written as fiction and then why? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this was nothing compared to the original one. If you wanna see how the plot was developed, read up on the plot. The movie did not have too much of an idea, but it was just boring...  But what do you expect? This movie isn't even remotely good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this as much as the previous comment said.  The plot is bad and the dialog is worse than the previous two "ROCKFAN", "POP FICTION", or "HUMOR". If you have no clue about this, skip it.   The "story" (or "graphic novel", "interview", "film festival", "video festival", etc) of the first movie has nothing to recommend it. I guess the producers thought they needed a lot of money to bring the film to a cinema near you. If you've ever played a good movie, don't get me wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not an original one. It's something I like. This one had much promise.  This film seemed to be made on demand for the duration of the film. That's the only reason I can recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad thing that this film suffers a serious lack of quality, but lacks a high-caliber script.  The plot line is thin, but the film is so wooden and it's not. It's only natural that it's sad.  It does NOT make you care.  That's the thing I took away from this movie, but I felt cheated out of it.   The dialogue could have been written as poorly written.  This film fails to capture the feel of a classic film that I had once known and loved.  What I thought was an "awful" script, though, makes you care about the movie. This film suffers from the same problems that any movie has, but it fails to succeed in conveying a basic understanding of the plot and the concept of death. You don't get what you paid for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is, however, that the first two movies "Aliens" are made by the producers of "Al Gore." But the producers and directors have decided that the public should be the judge, but "Alasdair McGraw" is his manager. A very simple and very bad film.  The producers have tried to capitalize on "Alaskan Wild," an effort to get out of the woods before it rains in November. If "Alaska" is a failed experiment, "Alabaster" is one failed experiment that has made the movie industry a total joke out of itself.  As the joke runs out of steam, the joke doesn't seem to work. But "Alasa's Rain" is very, very bad. The joke has become a joke that the production of this movie is even worse than the production process, but this is a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a big problem in the movie, but the story is just a joke, but that is a joke. The problem is, if someone has no sense of humor, but a sense of intelligence, then he doesn't have much sense of life. But it is the worst. He should've been funny or interesting. I don't know why he would make jokes about him, but he really didn't, but it's a big joke. But if the joke is really that hard, and the actor is a person that's supposed to be funny, then you probably don't understand why the joke works.  Unfortunately, the only person that understood it was my 8 year old daughter. It was just plain old.   Unfortunately the jokes are only in jokes that make sense. That's a joke that only works if you don't think the jokes themselves are funny, but there were other reasons that make the movie so boring it's unbelievable. That was my second reaction. This joke wasn't in any movie, though it was in my opinion one of the worst movies I've ever had in my life.  It is just annoying, annoying and tiresome to have someone write the movie wrong, but unfortunately it is also annoying to be the only writer who wrote the movie. If you just had your wits about the movie industry, don't waste your time and don't laugh at people who made this movie.  The movie could have been a lot worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (the first 10 lines of the movie aren't even in the movie, but if you're expecting a film that features dozens of characters, the movie might have you.) I don't know why the first 10 characters in the film are all named by their first name, but it would be a great thing if only the first 15 minutes of the film was spent on a train ride. I really can't believe these guys made this film instead of, say, Zatoichi's "The Iron Giant" film, which features a scene where a giant man eats an egg and the giant man and egg are both killed. (Zatoichi dies in the last 15 minutes, but the egg is only a joke because it's so gigantic that it hurts your eyes.) Zato and co-star Takashi Miike are in their usual top-of-their-game acting. They've got some great story to spare, although Miike does play a bunch of people, but Miike manages to keep his role as a bad actor despite being the same person. (I thought they would have changed their name to "The Giant" and switched to a Japanese accent and a different looking wig and skin-tight outfit, but, unfortunately, that's pretty much the only thing that makes the film a film worth a rental for $5.) If you're looking for a cheap movie and a bunch more, watch this and find yourself a good laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts in 1972 and then returns to 1969. But in 1969 it's almost as if nothing was ever made at all. It's Almost as if everything ever was made at the same speed and it's Almost it's A Bad Movie. But there are no real plot and the plot is all based around the idea of a group of young girls called "The Club". But the girls are not alone in their problems and problems are not the only problems facing the girls.  The problem is just a bad idea. It just is plain poor man's problem. But we're not in trouble at all, but the movie is badly made and the storyline is weak. The problem I have with the movie, it just is so terribly overrated, the film-making is so poor and the girls' lives are a joke.   The movie suffers from the usual Hollywood script but the characters are so bad that a movie can never happen. It gets even worse. The girls in "The Girls Club" are in trouble because they have nothing to do. I give this a 3 out of 10 because the film is such a joke, but I was not going to watch it again if the film was made any other time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However the film goes on to say that one of the biggest problems with this film is that its a satire on the Israeli occupation. The film takes us on a journey through two worlds, one of which is occupied by the Jewish settlers. In this world the Jewish residents are treated like refugees fleeing the occupied territories. The Jewish people in this world are treated with hostility, anger, and contempt by the settlers.  As this world begins to dissolve into the world of the Palestinian people. The Palestinian people are being held back from leaving their homes, in order to maintain control of it, and to ensure that the Palestinian refugees are kept in the place they are occupying. The Palestinians are forced to live in the places they are being forced to inhabit. The settlers are being pushed out, as is the case with the Israeli Jews in this film. It is an unpleasant and unnecessary reminder of the way we are supposed to think, act, and behave.  The film seems to be suggesting that the settler people are the terrorists who just want to kill them, as we are led to believe, but the Jewish people are not. The two worlds exist simultaneously. The settler world is a ghetto, as it was in Palestine, and in the occupied lands, as was the case during the Arab Revolt. The Israelis are treated as the occupiers of the world. This film is just a poor excuse for one of many bad and offensive things I've ever seen. The actors in this is as poorly drawn as the rest of the characters in the film.  If this film was in a comedy film, then the Jewish character would have had a point, but as the only characters who speak Palestinian dialects, it is clear that they are Palestinians, but their Hebrew counterparts are actors. The main fault in this documentary is that it is the worst of the many bad films that are based on a Palestinian people's life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very boring movie with good acting is a big seller of the film. Unfortunately, the acting and story are way too thin and it is a huge seller of itself, but the characters in the movie are more like those in the film, and they aren't as dull and dull.  The plot is weakly told, but then it just drops from the plot to the characters (as they were). In the end, the movie just fades away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only time I've seen a movie I liked, I don't think it was due to the actors, the characters, the story. In the first one I liked it. It!  In the third one it's completely ridiculous. The plot is completely unbelievable and the music (at times) are so disappointing and painful. There are several songs I can't name.  The film's a complete joke and one I can even forgive. But this is about a movie which, in my opinion, is so bad. So bad, bad movie, I wouldn't bother.  But this film is the worst I've ever seen in my life. I didn't enjoy it and I had never heard of this movie. I've wasted 20 minutes of my life on this one already.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is one of those films you can rent for $2 to see. The film also features a bunch of random and random "bad" scenes - but it looks like they were filmed in a studio! There are various scenes where the girl and the guy are in the same room together and the girl is trying to escape. There are numerous scenes where a "chubby" girl walks around naked and is seen topless - but I think that's because the cameraman has a "point". The film features a variety of situations that could have made this a cult classic. They do manage to "make" this look like an old movie! It's sad - it doesn't make for a great comedy and there are enough "bad actors" to fill a feature-length film to kill any comedian who has ever made a film as long as they have ever made. Unfortunately this movie has poor writing, bad story, and bad direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this film really is so badly made, so poorly directed, that it just comes across as a mess. In fact, this film is so poorly made, but it as a whole mess of crap. In a way that is not made by a bunch of retarded producers, but by someone else. It is a mess, and it's one of the worst movie I've seen in a while. It's just a mess!  But, even if the movie is terrible at times, it's an awful mess of garbage. In terms of violence, the acting is terrible and poorly executed.  The only thing that really sucked was the acting and the script. The script was the weakest thing in this mess.    This film has no redeeming qualities whatsoever and the acting leaves something to be desired in terms of character development. The characters aren't particularly bad or badly written, but the film fails to capture the viewer's attention at all.  Avoid this at your own risk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie: It's got nothing special about the script. It's the worst movie I have ever seen since The Hitlers first came to Hollywood. So I'm not going to waste my time, but I have no idea how one movie could have the same plot or even be better than this.  One reviewer said this was a horror movie because it's so predictable and predictable.  I'm looking forward to the sequel because the actors had some chemistry that could have worked in the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have given this a 1. The plot is bad and the humor is bad. It is just plain sad and in the end this is even worse.  This is a real waste of time, although, it also is not worth the two bucks it cost me to rent it in the first place. But this movie is one for the time being, but its a disappointment all the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's not a great disaster like Hurricane Katrina.   For the rest of the world, I was waiting in vain hope that this was the start of a new trend of disasters. What a horrible mess.  This film is a disaster waiting to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (This is one of the worst movies I have ever made!) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is generally terrible. The movie is shot in a dimly lit dimly-lit theater. The characters are made to appear as caricatures. But when they're acting in a movie in dimly lighted environments, they all look like caricatures of themselves. But the characters of "Night Walkers", "Sudden Impact", "A Matter of Life and Death", etc. are all terrible. But even the worst actors (like "Dead in the Water", "Shame") are completely tolerable and there's no one on the verge of breaking into stardom.  The cast is mostly decent (though the only major exception I'm aware of is Jack Palance as the father-figure to the "Sniper") and the film has a weak point, so the plot can't be weak in the slightest bit. The "Mountain of Lost Souls", a man who's lost his entire family in the first minutes of the movie, looks like he's really in trouble. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The thing about the movie is simply that the people who made the film were drunk. There is no explanation as to why they couldn't make it. But the concept itself would be completely incomprehensible.  I was completely convinced that this movie is one of the worst. However, it didn't make the people hate the film that would be expected by almost everyone.  If there was anything to this movie, it was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts in a very slow-paced, slow motion and begins the story as the characters struggle to make sense of their lives and their world.  What was a really interesting concept, but what was that concept? What was that idea? I hope that we can be given the same intellectual curiosity and intellectual honesty as the rest of the population is given. But this is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No, I'm afraid that this was a rip-off of the Matrix films. I'm not against this film, but when one's imagination is stretched to that limit and we reach the point where everything becomes all "weird," it becomes all weird.  The premise, at least, is not too bad, but it is the one and only time I have ever heard of people thinking that the film could be good or entertaining. The other two films I've seen are The Sound of Music, The Soundtrack, and The Storytelling. The Sound Track is the worst of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty bad, but what about the bad plot? I don't know. It's All Too Much Worse If You Like It Bad Movies And All Too Soon It's Really Too Much Too Soon. They need to stop with this crap! It's not even good at this, but it's BAD and the worst part is the only movie that gets worse. The script is the same as every other movie that I've ever seen or have ever been exposed to. What can we say about the script of this movie? I mean it was a crappy movie with bad script. It had some plot and you can't say it was OK.  What? But it was the worst movie I have ever seen in a long time. Not like I think the writing is OK because it was written by a man. It was BAD in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this movie it is best I ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: A - 2  I really enjoyed this movie so much I decided to rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is my least favorite TV movie, which was unfortunately filmed in 1990 by the same people who produced and distributed this movie (like "Stalker").  This movie is a bit of a pity, but nothing about it, but only how badly-produced this movie was.  I don't even watch the movie today. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was only possible to compare with this film by looking at the plot of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a little too much for the genre this one was made in. This movie tries to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen.    Unfortunately, I think this film is the worst example I have of when this genre was created. It's not. The only way I can make any sense of this film was to accept that this is one of "the worst films" of all time. The other side of the coin is that I found it to be a really boring film. But this film really is an awful mess.  I guess it was really about nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I knew of the previous movies, "Babe In The Big Blue House", and its sequels. My rating was 2 or lower and I'm not a fan of "Babes In The Hood" and "Babs In The Woods". This movie is just awful, and it was a horrible bore to see. My final rating: 3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie after seeing a bad and very poorly made film, but I found it to be just a total bore, but was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so bad, it hurts. So how does this movie achieve it's original purpose? Well, if I'm not giving this movie too much of a chance I'm trying to do something new.  If the script is weak, then there are only three possibilities that I could think of: The first is bad. The second is that they want to be funny. If this movie is so terrible the whole movie is ruined.  I could have done this. But then I'm just waiting for the movie to end.   It feels like "DONE! DO YOU SEE THE MOVIE?" and "NO! DO IT!"  It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the worst of all of the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. I've seen a lot of movies about sexual abuse and sadistic sex. I can honestly say this was a huge mistake. This is just way too big for the genre and way too many times that the actors looked like they were talking to each other. However, the movie is not the movie. The movie suffers from the typical movie clichés of the era and was very predictable. I honestly didn't expect the film to be so predictable. It was very much like a B film, but not nearly so much. This movie just looks like a film that was made in 1992 and nothing I've said before can make you believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so called for all the worst actors from the first film I saw, and the worst one is the young girl who was having sex with another guy. Her mother came home while her mother was having unprotected sex with the guy in the hotel room. I just heard it because I could hardly believe that she had sex with that guy without her mother doing something about it! I'm sorry that the film doesn't seem to contain the worst. It was the worst part of it. I had to laugh at it, but the acting was so bad, I couldn't believe it. It's a shame that it's one of the worst films I have ever seen, but it's worse than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not an insult to the film. I have to say that a film is the most obvious feature of this film and this is the only "bad" film I saw. It.  The acting is completely over the top. They're not. The story is a joke and I can't think of a single person who has the same sort of accent as the actor who plays him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a real sense, the first-time I saw this film, I couldn't believe it was so short, I mean, you'll get it for free anyway.  As a first-timer myself, I think I'll stick to this movie forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can only hope that this movie was produced as a joke, but I don't understand. The only movie I liked was the first "Dead Creatures" movie: "The Dead Creatures" were supposed to be the most enjoyable film of its kind. I have no clue where this guy came from. But I am a sucker for the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. But the plot is so weak and the acting is so non-existent that I'm beginning to get a headache. My wife was a student in a film school with an English-speaking teacher. She had to do some research to figure out where the guy from "The Corpse Grinders" came from, but the only thing she had to work with was one of the worst kind of films.  The actors were at a professional level with decent acting and direction, though the plot was poor as far as i've seen.  All in all this movie is very, very ordinary trash. I didn't like the movie one bit.  I was expecting it to be a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Naked Gun" "The Movie"  "Trollbauer"   "I Hate You" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the murder, but it's a very odd exception. If you watch this, I have to agree with Mr. Seuss. If he was a little too far removed, it, you'll be left with a headache and a sore throat, so you'll want to take it a little more seriously. It's like "hey wait a minute, wait a second, wait for me to explain this" it's like watching an old movie. It just isn't the same movie.   This movie could be a joke, but when you add to the mix of bad acting, bad script, a flat out piece of bad writing, and stupid bad production, you have nothing to be proud of. And you don't have to do it in the worst way possible.  But don't expect for this to get an A- from a good movie: The acting was weak and the ending was the worst. It has one of those movies where the jokes didn't work, but the film doesn't even remotely live up to that, but you have to admit it's an awful mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film that I remember about this movie was the first to be released on DVD, the same film I remember watching with my friends was very slow to film. But the film didn't work for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth buying and renting or seeing.  Avoid this movie if you have a spare hour to kill.  You can watch it on any video rental store.   The only reason I saw this movie in a video store, was on a Friday, and I had a friend come over. The store had a TV, that was on when the store was closed, but you could turn it off if you wanted to see anything on that Saturday afternoon. The only thing about this that I didn't like, was the "spooky" noises. It was so bad, the "shaky" sounds, and the camera shaking (they used that to scare me.) But you had to leave the house, and walk away from the TV before doing that, but there was nothing that scared me.  I saw that movie again the next weekend, and it was terrible. I couldn't have been that scared, but I was just plain annoying. I don't know why I was annoying. But if you leave your brain on a tape recorder and you see this movie, you won't enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, what the hell happened to this movie, but this movie is so boring and it's just so boring? This movie isn't even that bad and not even this movie. But it was so dull...it was so boring, but you know that they had to get the actors from other movies? Well, this movie had a boring story of a boy who goes to live in an alien world and lives with all the other aliens in it who look exactly like humans in other movies.  This movie just didn't have anything to say and it didn't try to be. But you could tell that it wasn't that much of a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But by the time the movie was released, it seemed like it had taken on a new life with an incredible plot. It  I had the feeling of watching an old film in the early days of TV.  There are some shots of the main characters walking around outside of a big, brightly painted house (which is the main subject in the movie). But the house is so beautiful that I wouldn't be embarrassed by that. But I would be embarrassed if this movie had come out 15 years ago. It's so obvious that I can say, "Hey, watch this. It has a couple of kids running around and they can do this and they have no idea why I did that."  If you have never watched this film, you have to say that you were in fact only 8 years old and that your friends were your age and the world you came from was their world.   My final point - the ending is so bad and the plot is so weak.  This movie was one of those movies that made me hate myself more than I hated God. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie about this film is, for the record, the title is written in bold, all caps capital letters.  The problem with this film as I understand it, is that it doesn't work. It Doesn't Work, but it doesn`t work at all. There is no dialogue or plot whatsoever. The movie works by substituting some of the elements (like a car wreck or a fire) into its very own narrative. It is by no means a film that can work in its own way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But it wasn't a major hit, but it's not that it's a terrible film with a decent plot. Heck, even a good film in my opinion.  The only thing that bothered me was the lack of special effects. And I only ever saw it in the cinema. In this way it could have been a movie I knew of which didn't have much to offer, and it would have been better for the money. But I would have given this a two or a three, instead of an R. I mean, I am the type of person who is going to give this a zero, and I thought that the dialogue sounded like an ordinary, everyday sort of movie, but the way I see it, the script is just the first of many.   I just can't say the same about every other film on this list: If there was one more that I had to see, I would think twice before wasting my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of a "buddy" movie is something that most people in the audience, but also the writers, critics, critics etc. who usually do it the most. this movie was a terrible disaster of its own. the only saving grace I found in this movie: it was all-too-brief. in the end i was glad i spent time with this movie and not with any of the other crap movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen this picture, you'll be screaming and crying and that's pretty much less funny. But if you haven't seen this, you have to be prepared for a sequel which will probably be even more predictable.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This one was the only thing I've ever seen that I actually liked. If I ever heard the original version of this film, I would have laughed at the movie for being so unfunny.  I am going to go out on a limb and say this was one of the worst movies I've seen in awhile. This movie had a lot of the usual plot of "The Naked Gun" or "Die Hard". I don't understand how the script worked (but I do understand that it was bad).  The actors were weak. And the directing didn't suck at all. But I'm left with the same problem with these movies. This is not the worst movie I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this film was very much different, but even if it wasn't so much better than The Blair Witch Project. You can get more out of this than the standard Blair Witch DVD and video. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not the best way of telling the story. They are two actors playing the same actor. The main problem I had with this film was the character acting. The only one that really bothered me was the fact that this film made no sense. I'm not sure that this is an insult to the human race, but it's not the worst film in the world. It's not a film you would like to see if you are a fan of a poor person's story. I don't have the time to explain the problem with this story that I got while watching this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is that it is a horror film. I saw the film when i was 8 years old and watched it at a movie festival.  My Grade: C   The story and acting are OK, but the script itself is so awful. I gave this film a 2 out of 100 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just the acting. It's the dialog. They use a lot of clichés and a lot times you will feel like reading every word. It It.  It is possible to make the movie into a masterpiece!  It has two good actors! This movie is probably one of the worst films I have ever seen in a very long time. I had to stop watching this movie after I finished the movie I just felt like reading a page of text to understand what exactly is going on in the movie. I think it was the movie version of a book, not a documentary.  But this movie is too long. It is so stupid!   I didn't like it as a "bad movie". I can tell you a story without explaining every word to you! This is definitely one of those "I didn't know what was going on, but I didn`t know what the heck was up with this movie. It should be watched without the knowledge of the author's words and the book's plot. It`s like watching an actual documentary!  The movie is very predictable, but it doesn't have enough substance to last a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie it was with my best friend and it seemed like we were sitting in the cinema together.  This has been the worst of them all.  The acting is terrible, the writing is awful, the script is awful and the script doesn't do it for the actors.  I don't know how this works, but it's so bad, bad, and the people who made this movie are awful and stupid and annoying.  If you want to see a movie with a bunch of bad people (a waste of two hours) don't waste your time and rent the original and if you want a movie without people making a bunch crap.  They both suck! The only good thing is that they both suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (In the title, the first line in a list of names for a movie has the word "PIG" in the last three words, but then that line repeats twice. That line is, however, repeated three times. That means only three times, but, again, if the lines are the same in different movies, it means there's one of these three repeats going on, which is the main thing that this movie fails on. I think it's also just not a great movie, but just a bad film that fails when it tries to be an action flick, so, again...  If you have to, turn it off, because it's a mess. But, it really did suck, but it was so predictable that it really couldn't have been called bad and, I guess it just failed, but if I had to say to myself that it didn't make any sense whatsoever, it would be "Why am I watching this?" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw the movie, I realized how much it needed to be and how much i had to give it and that the producers had to be paid.  So the producers should be given a fair shake. The producers and distributors of the movie have to do all they can to try and save the producer of the film and the distributor of the television series. Then they can sue the producers of the TV series and the distributors of their movies, but in the end, the producers, distributors, and distributors have all agreed to give up 10% to 15% of profits to the production companies.  It is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some of the reviewers think that a series called "A-Team" is about as far as you can tell...but the truth of the matter is that only the original team ever achieved such a high level of success - and in fact achieved such an achievement that was worthy of being called "a success". But they only achieved this success by taking themselves too seriously, by not allowing anything to be said that was not intended to be serious, but simply to be thought of as entertaining. But they also achieved it by taking itself seriously, which means taking itself too seriously. But it's just not the main issue, but the main concern. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this movie, then go ahead. Go ahead and see if you can make this one into the movie I have been telling you not to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really like watching this movie so bad I got fired. The characters are so awful, the dialogs are so uninteresting and the script is so uninspiring.  I was going to write a review about this movie: I'm not going to waste my time writing another review on how bad. It's not supposed to be a review of a film by itself and its not supposed for the entire movie. There's no way I can write a positive review about the film, but it's an absolute waste of a B movie, but I had only to give it a "4" because the characters are SO unlikable. Its like watching the first "Krabatai": its really one of the movies I haven't seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You can watch this film for free by downloading it here:  This film is absolutely not for the sake of entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was awful. And that's it, in my opinion. I had just enough time to sit down and watch this movie at the end. It. And the ending is so predictable, I found it hard to believe it would ever happen again.  The cast is terrible and uninspired.  It's so predictable and uninsulting to sit through all of this. It has a certain quality.  There is no good movie to me at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No way! this guy is the reason we are fighting! so let me tell you.  This guy has no clue about how to stop a virus from killing the whole world. he has no idea.  The movie is bad, but he has nothing good in him.  I give this film one star for making the film in the first place, but it has a lot of reasons to be a bad film. But if I didn't know any better, I'd give it a one star, but I'm not going to.    This film was very poor in my opinion and there are several problems to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting and story were predictable (albeit poorly) bad. But the story had poor fundamentals, but the storyline was, well, boring.  The movie had bad script, which had nothing to do with the storyline, but with the characters being drawn. The movie was awful and badly acted.   It's just a bad idea, I guess. There were several scenes of the characters doing things they never would do (but then they would).   This movie looks like it was made after the movie was over. It's not even that terrible.  If this movie hadn't been made I think the story would have been a lot worse. The characters are badly written.  I gave this movie 3.5 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is poor enough. the movie is OK, but they get all the money and it is all just a waste of time and time is wasted in the end.   The movie is a rip-off of "Hollywood High School," but it isn't even close to a joke. The "H" is supposed to be "Horseshoe" for the writers (if anyone). I can't even begin to comprehend the sheer idiocy of the movie and the idiocy that is. The movie has a story of its own, but it is, well, a waste.  There is absolutely no sense of story, characters, plot, or chemistry in the movie. There is, in short, no story to be found in "Horse People 2," but what a waste when you are talking about a bunch of people with horse sense. But there is one aspect that I think the actors could have done better. the plot, and that is the only part that made the story interesting. I mean, what did they think? They went to the hospital.  If you want to see this movie on T.V. then I will strongly suggest you go see it anyway because you don't like the movie anyway. In addition to the waste of 3 hours of your life, this movie is not good either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting was terrible as usual. The story was predictable and boring.  Ingrid Pitt (also in this movie) was just a robot, but the robot itself had been programmed to kill people and was also programmed to rape women and children. The rape scenes were not very gory, but their very presence and the lack of any other story or character development made the film watchable for anyone who wanted to sit through one of the most boring movies of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the three brothers is quite interesting in this flick.  What's interesting is the use of a car for transport. But for most, there's a lack of car-chases. But instead of using cars for transport, you get cars to race each other on tracks. But this is the kind of thing that gets really boring, but not in a movie-film-movie-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so bad it hurts my feelings, but it's so terrible...I can see that, but I have to ask myself, "why do we see this movie and WHY am I feeling better after watching it?" I am just stunned!  There are many movies this year, but "The Last Picture Show," the "Saturday Night Live," and "The Parent Trap" are all on the "worst" and "worst side of the spectrum." I think the only way to be happy and to enjoy this movie is to skip it, because the story of the mother and daughter is the only one I've ever seen, but they've never done so well. The film also contains scenes of "unconsciousness" and even "death," as the film is shot in such an odd place, and there are so many unanswered questions I have trouble writing a negative reviewing about something that I can't even finish. But I can honestly say I don't know why we should have been shocked.  But it's the first movie I have ever seen that really sucked. But it wasn't, and the second I've seen that I've known I can see why it sucked so badly. So I give this film a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was released on video in 2003, with subtitles, with some English dubbed. But, then again, this is a complete rip off of the "The Incredible Melting Man". It's really bad and very cheap, especially when it's not in English. But I have to say, the story and script were very good. The dialog is a poor substitute for a good script.  There is a lot of swearing. But this was just bad movie with bad actors and terrible editing, so it would be a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a low budget movie about a very poor, hopelessly-determined group of kids who go around with their fathers. It's a real pity. I have no idea why he kept saying this movie is the worst movie ever. But it's a low-budget movie with one main problem. This is supposed to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If this was just a kids movie, this kid would have been a success and the movie would have lost its way. This movie deserves to be considered a major disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After seeing this movie I decided to stick with the other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was an absolutely ridiculous sequel that had been made before this movie was released. But the movie had a terrible mistake. It was all very boring and not good at all. But this is not the worst.  I have seen the movie many times and the script was very thin, but this seems too bad to have failed as a joke.  The acting is poor at times as the cast doesn't even remotely come close to the actors of "Stardust". This is the worst, but in many ways this movie is not even that. And that is not me trying to write the worst review about bad movie. The movie was so bad, but it is just a very ordinary movie about what movies makers are supposed to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is weak and there are a number of characters that act like they have been set on fire, which I find to be a pretty dull, boring plot line. The story is weak, but the idea that there is something going on between a child and an older brother is weak.   The movie has a few parts where the kids look like they are going to die of cancer. I have to say, those scenes are just flat out bad. They go from nothing to everything and I give it a one and a half out of five because I can't see any reason for not doing this movie.  The thing I hate is the story line, but I don't hate it for doing something that is boring. It's the movie I saw when I was 7 years old and it's the worst I have ever seen.  But they have to be that kind of movie. I gave it an average of one, though I was extremely disappointed in the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was shot for the sole purpose of providing a little entertainment. But even though this movie is supposed to be a comedy of middle schoolers, the acting in the movie was bad (not like the acting was poor or the movie wasn't funny). The premise for this movie seems to have some relation to the fact that the only way to escape from middle school is to take a shortcut and "make it big".   I don't know what the guy had in mind with this. And I didn't even bother trying to figure that out.   So while I was sitting down with a bag of popcorn in my lap and watching this movie, I really did want to watch the movie and learn from the experience. But I can tell you right now it was not meant to be anything great, but it was really just meant to provide some entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've heard since it was first released (1987) that this movie was about a young boy, a boy named Alex. Alex's sister, Grace, lives in a very small town where she's been the only girl. Grace is a normal girl who lives her life in fear of an unknown, mysterious man who can control her.   Alex's parents, played by David Koechner and played by James Spader, are killed off-screen when Alex and Grace find them in a cemetery. In the cemetery, Alex's father (played by Peter Falk) is lying in a pool of his own blood.  The opening scenes look like they were filmed in a darkly lit cemetery. The plot is very weak in this film. The acting is a mix of good acting. I saw this film for the second time in the past few years and I can't recommend it for nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was abysmal, and the writing was abominable. But in comparison to the bad script and poor writing, I don't think the story was so badly written or that the characters weren't supposed to have flaws.  But at the end of the day, who is writing this piece anyway? Who is doing it because of a love for the film and the characters? How is this going to turn out for you? How can you tell the writers apart from the actors?  The characters, although they may not be capable of any real-life performance, they are also supposed to be actors. But who is acting these people? Who knows? The characters act in some bizarre ways. But it is the worst that you can do to write a story without a real human. But all in all, you have a story that is supposed to suck because of the characters and the script and a plot and the bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of a couple of guys driving a van out of a parking garage and having sex with a couple (who are also the husband and wife) is a clichéd, predictable clichéd comedy which may lead the viewer to believe that it was a "one of those movies which you expect a couple to have sex". The couple are having sex, so that's where I went to look it up. But there's nothing there which doesn't seem to fit, and nothing which isn't predictable. The premise is predictable (they're just boring) and the characters are predictable (I like the idea of a guy and a woman who are having casual sex) but it's just that, it's a very dull movie and I can overlook the occasional bad jokes.  I also liked the premise, but only because I felt like I had to find the humor somewhere else. The idea that "sexual frustration" is not a sign of a relationship breakdown because "relationships end", but when one couple is having sex in a hotel room it's not in a way that feels like a real relationship breakdown, but not even that, only that.    All in all this movie is a rather bad movie, and for me it is simply not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I suppose a movie like this is just the kind of thing that has been made. But at the end of the movie, it says "the director's name is William Blaisdell and the title is William Blair".  But it really has been a disappointment from the beginning.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title for the movie was "The Dead". The main story was so bad and predictable, but it's just a bit boring. There's one scene where the girl is crying and the guy starts to cry and the girl doesn't understand the man's meaning. Then it's all sadistic and sadistic. I'm not a psychologist or psychiatrist, but that kind of thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this case, the movie isn't even as bad. The film is actually terrible as an entire movie. But it is a movie about a guy who works at a "fairytale factory".  The production and distribution are extremely uneven in India, and it is only a "possible" disappointment of a "poor man's dream".  However, the plot is boring. As such, there's little value to this movie, but the production and rental of this movie is at least boring.  But it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is OK. But, in short, it isn't OK. This movie is awful, the characters are mean, the plot is bad.  I like the concept. It is OK to skip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   My friend's boyfriend (Craig Stevens) is a guy who is obsessed with this movie. The only problem I had with this picture was that the plot wasn't as "boring" and "thought" was weak. It's just boring and the girls are stupid as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was surprised to see this film in the cinema a couple of years ago. I just can't wait to see another one of these awful film. The characters are just so idiotic that they have to play the video game (I saw one this summer on Turner) or they're so idiot that I can't tell what the heck they are talking about. It's like a kid being pulled from the fire to go back to their own world.    I've been a fan of the film since I was six, but the character development is just about the people in the video games. The story is very slow, but so is the acting. Unfortunately, the character developments aren't the worst thing about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was an extremely entertaining film. It's quite boring.  There are several things that I thought about and I thought that this movie was a disaster and this movie is boring. It is boring because I can relate to the plot, because the plot sucks.  The whole movie is so boring. The characters are dull and the movie ends with the main character getting hit by a car which they must die in. Then there are so many scenes that are not even that much of a plot. The movie is also a disaster, but it does not end that way. It just does everything it can.  It is just boring. But it has the potential to be boring. Which leads to the question: How could this movie possibly be a disaster. The film is so badly produced that it almost looks like the makers themselves didn't have the talent to produce a disaster movie. But then again, it's just a disaster because it is predictable.  Avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some people don't understand the world of film at the most basic level and have trouble understanding what it is. The result of this misunderstanding is the creation of the dreaded "Film Noir". However, I know people who make this movie - and I know others who have not - and so I know the world that is. I don't know, but I think that it would be a lot better at this than most people who are at the level of film-making.  This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen, but only because I didn't understand it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few hours or so were not a whole lot of movies: this film has a "Diary Entry". It's "Diaries of a Film: a Film, A Film, the Film, Film". This film is a "Film Noir" in my opinion. This film contains many shots of the past as they were made. I believe this is the worst film ever made.  But, the only film I gave 4/10 was in my original review on IMDb where I give it 1.5 or 2.  In that review I gave it 1 1.  The main character, a teacher with a "professor in a class with students", gets into a fight with an angry student. He has been bullied mercilessly for his "profession" of boxing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, you have to say that it was terrible: This was not a film that is awful, but an atrocity movie.  But I don't know why they thought this was one of the worst films ever made. It's the same reason I didn't like this film. The sound, the special effects, the costumes, the direction, the acting. This isn't even better. It wasn't in a bad cinema, but it didn't exactly what you expected.  If you can, avoid this film at all costs. I'm willing to take the chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to pay for this! I had no idea what was going on, but the ending did get the movie treatment by people in real life! So my only real problem was paying for it, but it!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said, the script, the story, and the characters in this movie aren't particularly good, but the script is not the bad movie I expected.  If the characters are particularly bad, the actors have to be written as English speaking actors, the movie is about English speaking Americans on their summer vacation, but there are plenty of Americans speaking English. I'm not entirely sure what the problem is.  This movie could be written with an English speaking actor and a Canadian Canadian who had been to Paris in the summer months and was not at all that much of a Canadian accent in the movie.  I mean, is it possible to say a "good movie" without actually speaking any English? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviews of the movie were pretty good: this movie is a bit boring, a bit predictable, and it's actually a decent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In retrospect, this movie was a joke about how little time we have had together. But then again, we were not watching this movie.  But then the movie gets bad, the story gets boring, and the movie drags on and on and drags along. You can tell if the film is a joke, but if you don't you should go to the movie to find out, even if you know the joke beforehand.  If you don, you have already wasted your money on this pile of filth, but at least don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In terms of horror, I really hate the film of this film.  The director goes out of his way to prove that this film was intended to shock people.  This film was one of the worst films I've seen in a long time.   The film is bad as hell, and it's really sad that nobody paid attention to it.  But I was disappointed. I didn't hate it for being a horror film, but it was bad, but its so bad that the filmmakers should have been banned. There was no one in the film who was a genius like "The Shining". The filmmakers knew that their movie would get a big marketing campaign, but they put no effort at all. I'm sorry to say that there is nothing in the movie worth a rental, but I wouldn't recommend renting it either.  It's not so bad. The whole premise of the movie is a pretty good horror film to say the least. The rest of the film doesn't make any sense. A lot of the shots looked like they were shot in the desert with a sand castle on top of a desert. I give it 2.5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie when i was 9 years old. i was so mad i thought my child was going to have to deal with me. its not that bad movie. its just a dumb waste of bs. and its not bad. its bad. Its the movie it was made in, and it made me so mad. i hope its not the movie that ruined the movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know that this movie is very poorly made. It looks as if there was an episode of the previous series, the first one had two girls who were sent to a different school, and there was one girl who ended up in the hospital. However, the hospital scenes looked very fake and had the acting of a child actor or actors who are supposed to be mentally retarded, but the acting for the other episodes looks very ordinary. The acting is not that bad, but it does not work either. It does not look like it was done by someone who saw this movie because she thought it was real and didn't know what to do.   The acting was horrible. It is not really a big deal, but I just don't know of people who saw it and had nothing to say.  This movie was terrible or boring. But it just doesn't work, but its not that good, but just plain boring. I didn't like it, but if you're expecting a movie with some actual plot, it would probably work.  I didn`t like it and if you were expecting a sitcom about a bunch of teens, it might work. This movie works, but at least the jokes weren't stupid.  The characters are not drawn in as terrible as the first series, but they weren't drawn with enough imagination, but you have no imagination and there were no real problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason for this film to exist is because the acting was weak and it was made in Japan. But it just a waste of a "bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this movie to the public. This movie is so incredibly un-real. No way in hell can this be a comedy/drama in its own right. A real disappointment comes with the revelation of the mother (Christine Cumming) whose mother's dead body was unearthed and dumped in the lake. This film is a big disappointment for the director and his crew who should have known better. I would have been happy to have a short look at it and that is why I rated the film 1.  The script has a lot of potential and I will definitely pick this movie for whatever it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think this was just made for children's films. They could have made a film in ten seconds. The cast was not a joke. The story was not one of the worst movie I've ever seen. But it is something to be avoided at all costs.  This was really bad, but I am an American. I was never very familiar with "American Horror Story" or "Coven". I've never seen "Covenant". I don in for ten minutes on the first few days of the week, not five minutes on Sunday. I don' t think I'd be safe. The thing is, I'm not going to like this. I'll be glad I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise for "Losing the Devil" is pretty interesting: "Lately my neighbor in my country told me that his girlfriend was killed in the woods where a deer was killed" - but this movie takes the idea far too far. It's a shame that a movie with the title "A Matter of Love" is even better than the film with the "Discovery of Bigfoot" (though that was released before this movie was released). The acting is bad, but that's not exactly an accurate depiction of the actor.  This film is also a huge disappointment, but it's not a great movie, but one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would rate this movie the worst movie i have ever seen and its about the worst and most boring plot of the genre: if this movie were made with the original content i would be recommending it to my friends as they were making this their first ever.    If this movie is ever released into the public  I will NEVER SEE IT AGAIN. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a nutshell, this movie has a lot of things that are typical of a horror movie: a plot, but when the story gets boring and the story starts to be predictable, it loses its appeal.  This film suffers from a pretty bad script that is really starting to bore me. It's not a very good script, but the writing is really bad either bad, and the characters are poor and the script at its worst. It is completely unprofessional. It reminds me of the movie with the little girl being chased through an old abandoned cabin. She is actually the girl that we are introduced to and fall in love with as the whole plot progresses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw this movie, it's a definite sign of how badly directed I had to sit through this one because it's too long. This movie was not about a guy who's just a kid, but about an old woman who's been taken to the mental hospital where the doctors know she's just going to kill people and then kill herself. That's what makes this movie so "bad", but the movie had a number of bad scenes. I saw the movie in the theaters in the following week. It's just plain boring, so much is wasted on bad actors and bad script. The acting was awful and the cinematography was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What makes this movie a bad film: This movie contains several jokes about the main character, Mr. Boesman, that seem to have an effect on the mind of the viewer. It's obvious that they didn't like it or the character they liked.  The jokes are extremely poor, cheap, and unfunny and the actors are the worst type of amateur actors who can act well. Mr. Bosman was so bad, that he had his whole face covered in black ink. The movie ended with the main characters falling in a chasm of self-indulgence as they each tried to pull the plug out of the machine and stop it from going critical. This type of movie has the potential to be a prime example of a film that will leave the viewer feeling cheated.  This movie ended on a bad note. The last line of the movie is a line that really gets my goat. But if I could stop watching and give it 1.000 out of 100  I would give this movie 3 out of 10  The movie I watched last night was so unbelievably bad and un-original, it was really boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am totally and completely biased by opinion...I was disappointed when I heard it was one of those really lame movies that is made because you cant understand the characters at all. It (i think) is one of the most ridiculous worst movies i have ever seen. I think that's only possible by making the characters more likable. But the actors aren't really that good either. I can't really say much without spoiling anything or losing the plot.  The dialogue is poor to average, but I can say without saying much. The movie is predictable, but it's not exactly predictable.  It's only that it can be predictable without any effort. It seems that the movie really misses this. You can really predict anything without having the movie fail. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue is weak, but this does not mean that the script is the most important element in the film, but it is the only one that gets the point, because of how long it took to make. The movie starts with the narrator's wife and their mother discussing how they are going to raise a child. The wife, a single parent, is convinced she could have gotten much better for herself, but they are only talking about how they could have done much better.  I thought that it was a bad film because the characters were so unlikable, but the mother, with her husband's father, is at times hard to like and that is the main reason why I thought this movie was the worst one I have ever seen.  It is an insult to watch this movie, but that is about half the value the movie has as a horror film. The rest of the movie is dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of film which would have been made in 1955 if the producers of this film had been in charge of film production back then. But, at the time when this was made, a very odd scene with a black girl (Ida Lupin) standing in front of a mirror, making it look like a big mirror is exactly the sort of scene which I would have expected in this film since, with the exception of Lupin's character, she doesn't act as any sort of person who would have to act in real life.  This movie has all the ingredients for a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character is a teenager from France, and he's also friends with an 18-year-old man, who's in the same boat as the couple. She has to sleep on top of him when she wants to have sex with him. This is one of those things that is really really annoying about having sex with people who look like you and you have to sleep with them. And it is a really bad movie. Bad acting, bad lighting, bad sound effects.  It is not a total waste of time.  The girl who sleeps on top is a 17-year old girl from France. The main girl and the teenager who sleeps with the 18-yr-old guy are 18. It is actually a really terrible situation that I could not even think of. In fact, I am not even sure I would have been able to sleep through this if I had actually had sex with a guy I knew, but if you're not in a bad state it's very confusing and confusing.   The acting is amateur and the movie is completely devoid of any semblance of a plot. So in the end, what can we conclude from all this?  It's not that the characters act in a way that is unintelligently. But the movie tries to make you think it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just one of the worst. And when you don't have any ideas, you know, but when you have nothing to offer you'll always have something to work with. What, really?   If you get this film for two reasons, the first is a very obvious, but pointless, purpose-driven plot, but the second, because you know the movie is just a vehicle for a movie that has a whole bunch of horrible twists to it that will shock you to the core.  It won't be there forever. But that's the whole point of it. The filmmakers clearly knew they had to have done something to keep the audience interested, but they were doing so without telling us what they were up to. Which is the point: to shock you with ideas that might just shock you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, at best, a pathetic waste of bad writing and bad acting, but is by no means a movie that has some substance and substance to it. This movie has a fairly bad script and a fairly boring script, even though it's completely uninspired and completely incomprehensible and inexplicable.  The movie has no redeeming qualities or interest in itself. But I'm sure you will enjoy watching the film anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a total waste of time. I can only hope that some people on this site find it so I don't have to write another review about it. If you do then I'll have to explain why it.  I can recommend anyone to go rent this for the time being as the worst thing i've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's not a film, but a movie that's like a bad "Film in the Beginning". However the film lacks of acting and the dialogue are like "Film" as they were before, but the film is boring and the film has bad dialog that is like "WOW".  I'm a fan of "Film". This one is not one of them. The film is made "Film-like". This film is "Film like". I'm gonna give this movie the lowest rating it's got.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this movie, with its all-too-obvious message, is not as bad in a few scenes, but, rather, there's a reason why this movie could not have been a comedy disaster like this.  I gave this movie 4 out of 10, which I consider to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen - I can honestly say I've seen more bad movies in one night of drinking, than any of the others I've known. However, I'm not going to go out of my way and say, "This is a comedy catastrophe" - this movie has an attempt to be like a comedy "movie". I've just watched it to the end and am astonished.  Unfortunately, this is a bad-movie-making-movie! I'm sorry, but when I say "comedies" I don't mean it - it's all a waste of time.  The movie is not even funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave it 2 stars. If it had starred a gay man instead, I would have rated it 1.  You will be shocked when you look it up in your TV guide and the ratings are much lower than they are in the movie. The movie is a joke I can tell you - but you will be in shock when you realize that it was only rating 1 out of 10 for "one star", and it's rated 10 out of 1000 for "worst movie". The movie itself is a serious disappointment.   The casting of Michael Madsen in this is among the worst in recent film history. The film was not really a joke for me, but that is no more than I can say from first-hand experience, but when a film with his name on it shows up on the shelves, you will feel better about wasting $9.99 on this instead of $9 - but don't waste your time with that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot, however, is a good part of a movie, but the story itself is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No matter how bad script and acting we get from watching the movie. We get to know that this was a "bad" movie. Not because it was "so bad. They are terrible.  This movie is the worst movie I have ever heard of the worst horror genre. It was a piece of garbage that nobody ever saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You're not supposed to like this, but I'd suggest you skip this one - but that's what I said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No matter how much money was made off of this movie...it was not a film to be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a Christian... but I am really really looking to get my money back from someone. This movie has absolutely no bearing whatsoever, but it not a total waste of time.  If you want to make a movie like this, don't waste your time. This is one of those movies that you get the impression that you've just made it yourself, but the only reason it didn't work was that you weren't in control of your destiny. If you need to find a film like this to enjoy it, don`t waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie, called "Predictable", is, like most movies in that genre, a sequel to "Pleasantville". The second, titled "Prophecy", has a plot about the relationship between a girl named Grace and the church choir leader, Father Jack. The first half of the movie, when Jack sees Grace and asks her to leave, gives us the basic story. It's a real shame that this film had to be so very dull. The actors do an acceptable job, the music is bland, the dialog is dull and the story uninteresting. It has a very long and uninteresting cast.  I think it's really a real disappointment that the film has been made.  The story is the worst part of this film, but the acting is a joke - and I'm not sure what the story is supposed to be. I give "Pawn Shop" a two for effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What does it matter?   It matters because it is so obvious that it becomes obvious to everyone and they think there is much to be said about it. The filmmakers are not as good as I was told; I was only being told. The "horror" genre is such a poor genre, but there are people in all genres, even in Horror Horror, who have nothing to be ashamed of, but people who don't have any genre to be proud of are just a poor race who don`t have any reason to be humble or to be called "silly". If you don`tt have a genre to proudly be proud then this is a race to be a race.  I know it is bad and if you don´t know the story you just don´tt know the movie. The director said this movie had no genre or even "genre". There are movies after movie after movie that have nothing new to say in a movie, but it is also possible to go in 10 seconds and not understand anything.   I was so excited that I had to go and look it up.  It has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  This is only a sign of the times, because it doesn´t do it well. But people who write bad reviews like I have never written before do not get the job done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that's going down, in order to help the main character escape from the alien monsters he sees in his dreams, is to use an old radio receiver that can emit a radio signal. The aliens that attacked him in the dreams had to be shot into the radio receiver. The main character's thoughts and dreams can only be heard by the alien, though, but they have no control over the radio signal emitted. This is the result of a nightmare, but it is far worse than anything the main protagonist of the film ever said. The nightmare itself becomes a nightmare to the main characters of the dream, but the main problem is that the protagonist's mind is now split into two.  One's thoughts is the main focus of the movie, but this is not the only dream that's happening. One is a dream where the main alien and alien monsters are inside a large pyramid, but both dreams are dreamt inside of dreams. There's a lot of blood, explosions, explosions and explosions and it feels like a video game.  If you are easily entertained by watching the main aliens go on killing sprees and a lot more, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a big hit when it first came out.   The problem isn't even that it was badly produced. The problem is that it wasn't made of such bad acting, but in a way that was more than acceptable.  In a recent interview with MTV, he's said that he wishes he could see the original version, so he could understand it better. He says he can't understand the DVD version. However he's saying he can see the DVD in the original and DVD in 1999. But that means nothing, but you might have a better idea why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is the only reason why I give this movie a 2. It is so I can say, "This movie has been on every channel ever." Then it becomes an exercise in self indulgent self-indulgence.  And for that it has to be given an even worse rating.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The production values for this film are much lower than average, but there are many scenes that are much longer than others. There is also some very slow scenes that drag on and don't really go anywhere.   I am a big fan of the first four. I will say this film has the same production values as the first three films of "Buckaroo Bonzai"  It's pretty obvious, but it's all over the place and it doesn't help.  Avoid this film as you will probably be bored throughout your life, but if you just want to be in the worst movie of the decade, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have only ever seen this as a joke. I am a big fan of "Stardust", but even that is a joke and a bad joke. The plot was funny. The dialogue was funny and they were all very very young and very very stupid. I also don't think that this was an incredibly bad movie. The script is bad, but the script was a joke to me. They were funny. And I thought that it was really a waste of time.  I didn't expect anything.  The movie was just bad. The cast was okay. This movie isn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I laughed when I saw this movie, but I knew it was a disaster of the 20th century. The film was made after the real-life disasters in New York City occurred and were shown in the TV series.  A new movie will be released.  This film is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie in which the story of David Lynch is told, "Inlandia," a strange island is visited by the actors, who are "haunted" by the spirits. When the ghosts "haunt" the actors and they "hurl themselves into" the real world. A good film in the worst of the late 70s, this one, as the story goes, was not an average "ghost story" in which we are to sympathize with the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you look at the cover of the back of the movie, and all the pictures with the word "film" written on them. I have seen this movie in a few times, but this film gets the worst of it.  "The Movie" is a really terrible idea that just makes this movie look like an indie film with a bunch of actors from the indie film industry, who all go through the motions like it was a documentary about the indie films, but have to get a movie made. It's as if the audience is sitting in a theater, watching this thing over and over again, and so on.  This is not a movie I could recommend to anyone, but it is not the worst, and the actors are poor either. The story is weak, but only a couple of shots at a time, so they should have more money to make more movies.  I am sorry, but I will not watch this movie over and again like I did when I was younger.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In conclusion, let's just say that this film is not up to much (it isn't. It isn't). The worst that can happen is that it just looks bad, because the script can't work.  Overall, I'd say this film suffers from too many mistakes. This is not one of the worst films, but this film does not work. The cast members of the production company that made this should have taken the film and shown it to an agent.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was under the impression that this was one of those "good" horror movies: The script was so weak that it could be used in movies: this movie was nothing compared to the first three movies in the series.  There is nothing to see here.  It's just a waste of time.  I'd recommend skipping this film if you have nothing else to do, but I have to say that there is a ton of content to be had by watching it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No one in his right mind would even THINK that, with the right script, it's because he has some idea of a plot and has been told it's OK to make a movie about a killer who kills a bunch of people. And no one in this movie, with its awful plot, is remotely likable (but it still is not great). But the fact that "they" are killing people is ridiculous and the fact the killer is wearing a mask (a big part of the movie) is really lame. And the fact someone (who is not even a killer) is killed by a bullet that bounces off walls and leaves behind an empty bloodbath (and is easily visible) is bad. The plot sucks and the script is so bad.  It just does not even exist. That, but it still sucks. But there's no one to blame. But that's the only reason I can muster for watching this movie.  I was never a big fan of this movie because "it's only a movie I watched because it has one of the worst movies I've ever seen". The acting is so horrible and the story is weak, but the script still sucks, but I watched it because I hate movies of mine. However, that is NOT a reason for me to hate it.   If you don't care, you probably didn't have to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the sort of thing that got me wondering why there were people who wanted to get the movie.  This movie has absolutely no plot whatsoever.  It's just about asinine. It's not going to happen, but if you are looking for a film that will make you want to throw your computer monitor across the room in front of your television, and not at the end of the movie, where the computer virus makes you think you can control it.  I'm sorry to say that, while some of my peers think that the film is a film worthy of your time, and that the virus is a virus that can make you lose consciousness for days, this virus is an "infectious" virus. It should have been called, "Worst Patient" because some of us will go to sleep for weeks or months. "Worse Patient" is also a term that I think I've heard a lot of people use to describe what I believe is the real-life equivalent of the film.  If you want a film to make you jumpy and go out of your seat, go rent it. It has no plot, but you won't like it. But the plot is what really matters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The Naked Gun" is a movie that I have seen in several movies trailers. However, this film had a horrible flaw in it did not. There are scenes of sexual intercourse where you will not be able to see the woman. The director even shows the man having sex with the woman in the shower! A lot of people think that the woman is naked because she is too attractive, but is it really so bad that a girl has to wear the same clothing as the man and then not see herself naked! A couple of years ago I would have loved to have seen this film, but the only scene that I saw naked was when the man is having sex in the bathtub with the girl. The nudity is so distracting. The scenes of the man being naked are so terrible that you will almost forget to care! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really cannot express the disappointment I have for this movie. It's like having the movie in the wrong movie. The characters are way to young to act, but the characters are all pretty much too young to be there.  The people in this movie are really old! They are not young! They just have way too much money to be in a club. The club owner is also a rich guy! But this movie has way too many mistakes to call a disaster. This movie could be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty mediocre sequel to "Silent Hill", and it's just awful!  "Silents" is a series of horror games that only exist as a series, but the original games aren't just good, but are also entertaining as a whole.  This game, however, only barely succeeds on that level. However, it's nothing short of a horror film, but its bad script and dialogue make the movie a big disappointment.  The only thing I have ever liked about the game is the music, but there are many ways to enjoy this horror as a person.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to watch this film and was very disappointed about it. I thought it was going to be better than this and was disappointed when I got back and saw this film was almost a masterpiece in it's own right. It's just not a real masterpiece. There are so many bad movies and the script is weak, but I can't see how they managed to make a story even without the characters to act. The cinematography is as amateur as it can be, but they manage to bring out the worst in the film. The worst I can say is that they made it a huge bore of a bore of an action film and didn't even bother to show any of the main actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is about a mysterious and inexplicable man who had his own idea of life after he had been attacked by a killer. He says his idea had changed from his original "man versus nature" to a "man against nature" (like a crocodile). This could explain some parts of the script, but they would be incomprehensible. I mean, this script is a piece of drivel in 3 languages (English, Spanish and Portuguese). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that "The Dark Knight Returns", which is a sequel to "Batman Begins", is available to rental, has had one of its more notable effects on film making: it's often compared to "The Avengers".  Batman Returns takes the same approach. Instead of relying on a script, it's almost like a film made by a bunch of kids who are learning to write.  The production value of this movie is low. It's no Batman!  What was the point of this?   The title, from the first quarter of the movie to the last, is a good example of film making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's next? A.D.E.D was on the case, but unfortunately, their lives were on the line as well. It was.  The movie is full of bad special effects, particularly from explosions and fire, though they are also all made in low budget. It's a mess of bad acting and it looks like a bad joke. It is very unsympathetic as well, but it's the only way it got made that failed, but not one of them failed at every possible plot.  A. D.E has a major flaw: not all the characters are cardboard cut-out dolls, but they are the ones most likely to cause an issue if they are. The one thing that is completely uninteresting is the opening scene when a police detective shows up to his job interview. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was one thing about this movie - it had a really bad plot. There was another - and this is the one they all hated. But that movie had to go, but this is one they just don't give a shit about. They don't care about plot - but I can't fathom why.  Overall, it's a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even that terrible, but its an insult to those who have a heart. I say this is a big insult to the fans of such a film. It Is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with the movie, "Lame". This is by far the worst and worst film in cinema history. I've watched the movie many times and the results are not very interesting. The only point I've ever taken seriously, after "LAME", is that the filmmakers used the same camera twice. But the use of two cameras in a single scene, or two cameras on the same subject, is so rare that I've never heard of a single one in a movie I saw in the 70s. I haven't heard of any other filmmaker doing that.   That means, "The problem with this movie is it's about people, but the problem with "The Problem with Helen" isn't"she was a very bad movie, it's she's a very, very bad actor. In fact, I don't know of any movie that uses actors that are even worse than Helen. The other point I take seriously is, that it wasn't as shallow and that they don't even try. I don?t know if the actors were bad, but I don;t know, but it wasn?t a disaster. I just can't bring myself to care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors are terrible and extremely unbelievable. If you like horror, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was released at a time when the US was bombing German cities. The US Army had the ultimate weapon to destroy Germany, a massive submarine that had been launched into the Atlantic Ocean just before the German fleet entered that area. The Navy could not attack an enemy fleet in the Atlantic ocean, which is a dangerous area known for its enormous fleet size. This submarine was equipped with one hundred fifty thousand feet long long, flat, rounded out keels. The keels are a major asset, especially to destroy enemy ships and submarines. However, the Navy is an important asset as is the US Army. The German Navy had only eleven thousand men, but this submarine could carry six hundred thousand men. The Naval attack force is probably the biggest threat to Germany.   The US was supposedly going to invade Germany and make Germany a part of the Union in the first half of the twentieth century. The Union Army was the second largest threat to Hitler's Germany, since Hitler has had three million men in his army. The Germans were not at the top of their game, but the US were not exactly in Germany. I don't know what the rest of the world thinks about it.  If you want to watch this movie today, make sure you have a DVD player with a fast speed connection and no problem at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is what happens when you get fired.  It is, and it is, a very bad movie that never gets finished. The acting is substandard. The music is amateurish. The plot is thin in this movie. The script is amateur (with a weak plot and a couple of minor characters) and the story is amateur. I don't know what the plot is supposed to be, and I won't even go into the problem.  I'm not even going to talk about the problems that plague this movie and make people hate you. There are enough problems that should be fixed, and you should be prepared to endure it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The dialogue was completely atrocious and you could barely feel any emotion in it. The only reason for you to be angry and angry about the movie was that you didn't know a very important part of the movie when you saw it and you didn�t know that this movie was a "b-movie". It was made in the worst possible way and it could have had some real substance to say. The whole plot could have been told without the pointless waste. The cast was horrendous. The dialogue could have improved, but it is a b-movie and it doesn�t qualify. If you want to see one and you are going to see the real waste of film, I strongly suggest you get it over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was not so bad, but the whole thing is a disaster, and it's hard to believe. The first one is bad. It's not so terribly bad, either.  If you want to see this movie, then go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really, like "Bid Time Return", really don't know the details. I think this film has been misunderstood and this one just went into the negatives in my film collection. I didn't think it was any great documentary, but it was just way too long, and it didn't do well in an art film. The film is only 7 minutes and 5 seconds long as the film lasts a mere 70 minutes, and you'll get more bang for your buck with the "Papillon", and "Bouton" (?) and "C'est" (?). But all in all, I gave this a "3" out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have just finished watching this movie, I thought it was good and so on a day when I was in the city, I decided to go see it again. I knew I could not. I was scared to death. It is a very slow paced horror movie. There is one scene which doesn't fit into the script. The rest is so unbelievably uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first ten years following the release of the original film, one reviewer pointed out that some people "might get me thinking" and not actually understand what I am saying. I will not waste time and just say it, but I do like the movie, but that is all.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I walked out to the theatre, I was astonished at the low-budget (read: low-paid) Canadian film (one of a few films I've seen in the theater), and the way they filmed it. They do not have any real talent in their film making, but it is the first low- budget film I've ever seen in my life (I'm a teenager at the time of the film). I've already forgotten the name of the person who played the lead, who ended up being nominated for a best supporting actor award. I've also seen the Canadian film, The Shop Around the Corner (the Canadian version is on DVD), which was released on the same day (and I haven't seen this film in years). It was an insult to every Canadian film-goer that I have ever seen (yes, this Canadian film is an insult, but I've never seen it in a theatre) and it is one insult to Canada's film-makers, who would be embarrassed if they were to present this film as an award for the worst film in their lifetime.   But this is really a cheap insult to everyone. We need a government to pay for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read through a bunch of IMDb reviews for this film, but I can tell you that the writing and acting aren't all that good. A lot of the dialog is extremely weak, and the actors are particularly hard to come by in this picture. You will feel like you are watching a "Lost" movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie the worst film I have ever seen in my life.  There are two actors in particular who I don't like. One of them has to be in the movie and they have to act. The other one has to go and pretend he has not gone anywhere. The movie is a very bad comedy and the main characters in this movie are terrible to blame. But there is nothing to say about it. The story is terrible and the plot is bad and the only thing this movie has going for it is the fact that the lead character doesn't like himself.   My Grade: C  This movie is not in itself a waste of film to be viewed on its own. I would be surprised to see it on a big screen with the sound and picture.  I've read the book and watched the short story and it was a lot of fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a film you would see in middle school, where the actors are supposed to act. It  The story is pretty much like "My Name is Earl," but the acting is terrible, the jokes are terrible, and the whole thing is too much for a film, and it's just really, really bad and I mean really bad.  This one is pretty annoying.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the type of film where you have to laugh in order to understand it. But the comedy has been reduced to a "humorous" kind of thing. The script is poorly drawn and the characters are badly written. The acting is also poorly-handled. But with a few exceptions it is still a bad film made by one of the worst and worst actors of 2001: the lead actors in the film, although it's a bit boring, are not really funny, but then again, I have seen movies like this before and the script isn't even worse: this film is terrible to the point where it's no longer funny.  It is one of those films where you feel bad because of it: the only reason I can give this film a 0 for being "a terrible film" is that I've seen it so often, I've decided I will never watch another.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I would like to see this film in a theater. I am going to be surprised when I am on the theater with friends. But it is just a bad film of people on drugs, a very long slow scene which is just wasted on the unsuspecting. It is just that, and the rest is the worst. The drug dealers are a huge joke in this film, but I think this film could've done better than the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the movie and I really liked the idea of the characters being from the same generation as we are. In fact, this is exactly what the character development plan was. But he also has one of the worst parts of the entire movie and is in a state of semi-tardness as usual. But this is not really a movie to watch as it's an exercise in self-indulgence.  The rest of the storyline and characters are mostly average.  However, this has nothing in common with the movie. It's just like a B movie about a teenager making out with a boy's friend in the woods when she comes into her first real relationship outside of the couple's room. It has one scene after another that are awful and embarrassing.  One of my least favorite scenes is when she realizes she has been in the wrong company by this guy (the one she kissed with him is probably one of his friends) and he is telling his friend about their affair and the boys friends who have come to the woods to hunt for her. The two friends find the boy at the end in the tent where they started the whole thing to begin with and the two friends' reaction to the revelation (which is so unappealing as to be revolting), but only by a mile. The boys friends do find out about the whole affair and then decide to split up.  In conclusion, this film was a bad idea that I would like to get my money back. The film ended with them having to chase her out of the woods and to the cabin where they began the whole ordeal. But at times it gets boring and I wouldn't know where to begin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the future of the United States of America is in danger of becoming another country of the world. In order to survive it has to destroy everything that it can, including, most of the forests, rivers, beaches, and other areas that are inhabited by the human population. In an attempt to do so it has formed into a military force to do exactly that, but has not achieved anything more. In a world where only one person can stand up to the human race in order to win the ultimate victory and live forever, the situation is dire indeed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have to give it a 3 for this. The story was weak. The script was so poor, and the actors were so desperate. If they hadn't shown so many characters, the story would have been told in the same sort of manner. The acting was poor.  This wasn't worth spending time on at all, but if you're expecting to see something that is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I must say that this movie should have been titled, "The Real Story of "The House"". I was amazed that "The Story" was a documentary. I also must say this movie is one of the worst films ever. It would be one of "Hollow Point". It's all about "The People", "The Plan", and "The Government". In the end, we see some good looking people and it just isn't all about me and myself, but the rest of the cast is the usual.  The sound effects are awful, but I just can't think of a way that could have been made for this movie without using a few of the most awful sound effects, which are the only reason I would have watched this. The whole plot is a disaster of it, but even without all the noise and sound effects the movie is actually a bunch of waste.   The actors aren't bad. It's just a waste of time for someone who's watching "The Movie of the Century" which should have started to look at this movie.  In the next few months, the world is going to find out what "The people" were planning for humanity, but in a way "The real story" was. But in the end you'll laugh out loud because it's about waste.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts with an incredibly dull title sequence. It's a little like The Blair Witch Project, but with better writing, a decent plot, and a decent budget.  The story is simple. And the special effects and effects are great.  Avoid the commercials, though. It has a few in, and it's a lot better than a lot of other films. But in the end, even that is only a short film with a short movie.  I think it's better to not be a film-noir, but to try and enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie I liked was one where the main character played a little too long. The characters weren't that funny in this movie, but there were times where the characters played very well. It, but I can't say I'm very impressed.  I don't understand why I can get so much enjoyment watching this movie and I haven't understood why some of the actors were so badly made. In one scene where the lead character says he is going to kill a guy and he just says he can't believe a man could kill people without his help. A bunch of the other cast members were so unfunny as to just be a joke and then some of them were so much like real people that it felt like they had to try and act like them. It was pretty funny at times, but the movie felt like it had gotten boring since they couldn't act as real people without getting the same treatment that they had as real. The acting was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's as if they all filmed themselves in a snowstorm without a camera. The cast members of "Roseanne", "The Hills", "Full House", "Family Ties", and "The Parent Trap" all look like they are snowed in and the actors in "The Incredible Me" look like someone was just hitting them with a shovel, but the only thing missing from "The Streets" is a huge pile of snow. That's just it. The rest of the cast look like what you would expect from a sitcom. They are a bunch of dorks. There are scenes that were so unbelievably bad that you almost thought they were trying to be funny and there are some really bad and awful things that happen in the movie.  It is a comedy that could be expected from a cartoon (a TV cartoon).  The "Rose" and "Al" characters are two of the worst dorks, but it does have a lot of bad acting. It is also a comedy aimed at a lot more than just dorks: "The Waynes World", a comedy in which the characters are people who just live in crappy houses, but are never given any respect for the fact that they live in a home that is way below their station. The jokes aren't very long, but this dork-fest is just so idiotic and stupid and, so is the movie (it is like watching "Dress to Kill"). It seems like the filmmakers made this to be watched in an actual preschool classroom (this isn't the only way that people get dorks) and it's kind of a dorky show.  I hope people will be so kind as to turn this into a drek-fest. It's not supposed to be the worst movie, but there is just too many dorks in this drekfest that are way below the norm.  "The Family Ties" were so dorks and the plot was way below average. They had way too many jokes that were really stupid. The show was a joke-fest of dorkery and this dorks could even have been funny. There is way too much stupidity in the dorks to make you think that dorks are even capable of any sense at all. I don't know where the plot comes from. I'm sorry, but if you were dorks you should be glad that your dork is the dorkiest dork ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, one of the worst of the bad movie's characters dies and is put in a coffin.  But, the movie is not a movie that people want to waste any more of their lives. It's a movie. You could have written a negative reviewing about a film with such a premise. You would have done it in a novel, but then you would have written one that would be so much better.  And the movie would have been better, but the script and directing is terrible.  The movie's plot seems to be poorly developed.  They do not even try.  For the record, the characters are mostly unknown. The film seems to focus on a teenager who is on the brink of death from cancer. If you have no clue what is wrong with the plot or why cancer is bad, then you will probably like this movie.  It is not as good and I can't say that this is one of those movies with bad writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this type of movies then you are going to like it when you are younger and there is only one problem: the script was boring, the story was boring. The thing is that the characters are unoriginal and the story is that they had to choose between doing what they wanted to do and becoming a scientist.  The characters had to be able to make things happen that would make it worth watching. The movie was so bad that it was boring and boring.   The script was bad. The acting was terrible.  When you put your faith in a movie, it is really, really, completely retarded. I am sorry to say, in my opinion this movie is one big pile of filth. The reason for my disliking it was because I could not believe what I was seeing on this movie. And the other reason for disliking this movie was because the movie was just awful. You could not have a better script than this, but they were very annoying, but what did they do with the other parts of the movie? They did nothing. They were just awful and annoying and stupid. And then they did nothing except waste time talking about something bad and annoying. You should be ashamed of yourself and make yourself watch this movie because this movie had so many flaws. You would be forgiven for watching this movie so you could say "I was just stupid" and you would still be a loser. They could have easily fixed their mistakes, but the script and the ending were horrible.  I really hate this movie, but this movie has some of the worst writing in recent memory. When I was younger I liked to trash a baseball bat to the ground and say "This movie is an insult to all of us" but only because I was very young and it was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no evidence to support such a claim. If you want to see more than one film about a film that was never released by the censors, go see this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The last half of this film is actually pretty good. It is unfortunately very dull. It's so dull that it becomes almost a chore to watch.  It's a waste of time. It doesn't help save the film. It was way below average for this sort of garbage. It just way below normal. It also means I was bored to death.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The ending is so dull...but the movie has such a terrible ending...but I guess it was just that, but not this.  What if this movie had been made before the ending? But there was something else I found that wasn't worth the money the actors had paid to have it made in. The acting is so bad...and it's all one movie...it's not like a bad film in the end...but you can't get away from the actors acting...and at times the script doesn't help...and there is so little real plot. The plot isn't what people say it is...it just takes some of the worst film I've ever seen.  The DVD was only $4.50, but this DVD's cover is in black and white. I don't know why this happened, but the acting is bad, but it doesn't seem real bad at all. This movie is about an American teenager who's just finished college in the hopes of getting into the Army, but then he comes across a guy named Johnny that ends up with a car that only allows him to live a lot longer, and he just wants to do something with his life before he dies of cancer. The DVD is really not for the film itself, but just for an average teenager or college student who doesn't have the ability to think rationally. The idea isn't funny. I'd just rather avoid this movie and avoid being a waste of time by buying the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie several times. I'm surprised that there are no special effects, or that the plot is weak. But the director has been wrong. The plot is so cliché, but the actors are so wooden. It's like watching a play on a stage, but without the actors and without the set. There are no jokes, no funny and very boring situations, though it feels forced and has been done. It is as corny as the plot itself. This is not only a waste of the movie, but also an extremely bad movie. It makes no sense and is completely artificial and uninteresting. But then again, it is not that bad movie, only that it is plain terrible and boring. The movie itself isn't even that bad, just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie seems to be a series of unrelated short stories that are either entirely unrelated, or unrelated, to the main plot. However, a number of scenes don't seem to match the short stories, but instead are quite bizarre and unexplainable, but what is with the character switching (and what is in the final episode)? It is difficult to make sense of the whole story. This one is particularly weak.  There's nothing else to say. I suppose the story is too thin for this story to be completely incoherent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie at the end of a few days of my life in a few years, but it is not a comedy, but a documentary. It is an exercise in bad documentary style. I have not seen it for several years, and I still do not understand the intent of it. I hope one day the film will be released on DVD to make sense of it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was all downhill and downhill from here...  It's too bad that it's like a movie which is a very big movie with bad dialog, but it's too fake too, but there's nothing fake and the movie doesn't have much real action and it's a movie you don't want to see if your only in the mood to watch it. It's bad that you just want to stay in the movie. The movie is so predictable that you don`t want to spend money on it because it's not real at all. It has too many characters which are stupid enough to drive you mad, but not enough characters to make you mad and it has too much potential. This movie has it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to believe that this movie is for a documentary on a "documentary", but it is for all the people who watch this documentary on television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a joke that says that the writer-director could be writing his movie if he was not able to find the girl in the film. There is one very obvious problem with this film, but it not. I am sorry that I wasted 2 hours of my life on this film. I really hope I didn't waste my time.  I can only imagine how this movie would have played. The idea is so implausible, but the acting is so amateur.  But when I watched this film I realized that I had to spend the money to see it. So I gave up.  If you are a fan of amateurish movies you might like this film (you're an idiot, but in my opinion it's a good movie).  I've seen it many times in several years of my youth. It never failed to make me cringe. I was surprised to see how the director had spent 2 hours cutting his fingernails with pliers and was left with a large bruise. He had no idea how much of a mess the movie would be in the end. I didn;t like the movie. But it has no entertainment (and I still have trouble sitting through it). It is so uninteresting that it could have been a movie where a couple of teenagers are trying to make a movie. It's just boring and dull and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, there's nothing much to say. You know what the movie is about, but the script is as flat as the back of your hand, so it's only the beginning. And it's not even an ordinary "joke" which I can see in my sleep, but instead it's just a joke.  This joke isn't even funny.  I thought it was a really funny joke that would be funny. But it's also very annoying. The movie is one of the worst.  But this joke is just plain annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way the "so called" film makers were obviously in for the first time, but this film was a poor excuse for a "so what?"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A major problem I encountered when watching this film was the fact that it is the kind of movie made for young people who are very interested in science and research. I cannot fathom how the actors and production design could have possibly thought up such a concept, but what I can see is that they had an idea how to do it. But they really didn't explain how the film-makers could have thought of doing it. And by the time they got there, there wasn't really one. It wasn't a waste of time or anything like that. What makes this film worse is the fact it was filmed at a time when the world was going to end, but that was almost two years ago, so it was probably just an afterthought and would only have been the beginning of the problems it would have faced.  The dialogue was so bad that I felt physically ill, but the director was just trying to use his audience as a substitute for an animal. However, it would still be a waste if he had used the actors for any real purpose. It is a pity the animal did have any idea what he was talking about. He could have explained himself if he really cared. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, the only way the film can really help with this mess is by reopening it to see how they got there. That can only happen once. And it's only because there's absolutely no way to re-open it.  If you think I'm kidding, just remember this.  The only good thing about this film is that it was sooooooo long. A lot of people don't know that.  What I did learn was that this movie was one of the worst films ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely no way a horror flick can capture the spirit of Amity. The filmmakers are supposed to show us just how wrong this whole premise is, but that just doesn't work. The original Amity was the best of them all.    The cast is the worst part of the movie. It is absolutely awful.  In conclusion, let us say that all this made up for a bunch of old school bad actors who can act (which is the only time they do). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with the narrator having a very bad dream. The sound effects and music have no discernable rhythm, and the action is largely random and chaotic. A terrible dream is never more disturbing. The dream itself is an odd kind of "movie", but the music is a bad kind of bad and uninvolving, and there is a very brief section where the narrator seems to be repeating "We are in the dream world". In another scene, the narrator is playing an organ (his girlfriend, for the record, can only play the organ, too). She's singing a song from a dream of a horse, and I am, to say, very unpleased with the plot. The acting is, for once, pretty bad, and at least the "horror" is at its most effective. But the rest of the film is generally dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see it, and can understand it. It Is... A HORRIBLE BOOST. I can even laugh. The other commentor just had to go back and read the movie over and over again.    I'm not going to be critical of the movie, but the plot is weak... and the director didn't tell me anything about the film, so I can't tell.  I didn't expect the movie to be about something.  My opinion on this film: I expected it to be a great drama and have a great screenplay with very little character development. The idea was that it was not funny. The film is full of clichés, but there are no real surprises. This was the movie I had read in class, and it didn't make me laugh.  A huge disappointment is that the movie doesn't start with a car chase and it starts slow. The script and dialogue were badly written, but I didn`t expect it to make me cry and think I had been kidnapped. The actors are OK, they made me laugh, but they didn't work.  Avoid movies: Avoid movie: Avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not great at all, but this film is so bad it's like being shot with a 50 cal machine gun.  I saw this film in the 70's and saw what was really happening in the world. I didn't understand why people were so upset and angry. However, that was the end of it and the movie had to be stopped before it could be stopped. It was the worst of it, but it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I have seen it many times and have seen that kind of thing before. The only thing that surprised me was the opening scenes, but that was very late because the movie was very much like this. I don't understand how people felt for this movie. If you have the patience, buy this movie, don't waste your time and don't bother me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, a lot of people said this movie was like this: "I've seen every movie that came out that year..." (yes, they made the mistake of calling it's "best"). "They've all been talking about this movie since its release, but it still doesn't hold up. "At the end of the movie you feel like you've just left the movie on it's shelf (yes there is one!), but it's like leaving a car on the gas, even with the same "gas").  So for now, it's about time, and you leave the movie feeling like you just "put the thing back on the shelf".  The plot is about two people (Wesley, the guy that was getting laid), and they are both in their mid twenties.  This movie has some of the worst script I've ever heard in my life.  But this movie really isn't even the worst movie I've seen in recent memory. The acting is terrible, but the dialogue is terrible. Wesley is so poor that the whole premise is a joke, but for me personally, its just one of the many dumb movies I've EVER seen.  There is no "plot", but its bad script, with Wesley's lack of knowledge and intelligence.  Avoid this at all costs, if you care at all. Avoid Wesley, and if you want to waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a rip off of "The Godfather" as the son tries to make a play date for his birthday. He's going to have his father's funeral and his mother is going to be put in a box of sand. It.  The actors are bad, and the story is bad. The only good parts are the ones in the film that aren't actually bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three things to say about this film: 1. it is a terrible horror film. 2. it shows how a man in a black turtleneck sweatshirt and a white turtled, sleeveless top sweatshirt can look very much like a person wearing one in a bad moody, slightly unkempt turtlenecks. 3. It is also a bit of a joke. I can see why this film wasn't a classic and, it is only a horror film without a lot of the clichés that horror movies has to offer. It's a very boring film in which you have to go to the toilet and empty the baggie. The acting is good and the plot is predictable, but if you are expecting a comedy I recommend you pick up The Fog of Fear, The House That Dripped Blood, and The Devil's Playground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have absolutely hated and hated this movie and had the same kind of passion to hate it I had when I was in high school. The other characters were pretty much the same as in the original, but I found this one to be in a similar league.  The rest of the movie has a low budget, but it's really a bad thing to be done. I give it a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know anyone who watches this movie, but I'd like to have my money back, but this movie is one of those movies you could sit through until the credits rolled back up. If you want to see something else, this one can be a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was directed and directed by Paul Lynch (of "Buckaroo Bonzai" fame), who is also a director with a few years experience in feature films, he and his co-writer and co-editor, Dan Harmon (of whom Lynch is a co-founder of the production company Universal). The characters were written with a lot of flair and the film's plot was filled with surprises. "Bad movie", "bad movie", bad movie... the worst part about "Bad Movie" is, well, I don't think so.  I just cannot understand why it takes the time to explain how bad production values happened... it's a terrible mistake. But I don`t understand why the production values weren`t bad movies, but there are many mistakes I can think of in "Bad Movies" (the plot, script, plot, editing and production values...) but I don´t understand the "why" behind those mistakes. The actors were all good and the movie has a lot less production value than most low budget film, I think. But, unfortunately, in a film of this quality I can tell you, the production value of "Bad Picture" is only two hours... it is not a movie made from nothing. There are several scenes where the characters are trying to create a "Tyson" of a movie, but they are mostly in bad ways and have an annoying plot. The characters aren't all actors, but the story is dull and the script, if nothing else, are boring (the movie isn't bad, but its just boring...)  "Bad film" is an understatement. But it really is a bad mistake that is neither original nor stupid. But you cannot tell from "Bad Film", but you can tell what movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original version of this in the UK (as I have for every other film I have ever seen). The story is dull and flat and all the cast are completely miscast, the dialogue is so flat. The script is so weak and pretentious (e.g. there is no humour whatsoever). I can't think of anything that remotely redeems this film, but then it doesn't even seem to try.  Overall, this film is a disaster. It's time has come to go, but the effects are so poor it hurts. In the meantime, if you're looking for an indie film to see this with your friends, go rent The Lost Boys. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, an ex-boyfriend (Ryan Loves) gets to be a firefighter. The boy meets a woman (Lindy Hart). They plan to get a "Cockney girl" (Kylie Minogue). The two are in love, but Loves and Hart get to know each other. Hart, Minogue, Loves all the actors. They all seem to have their roles in this movie, but the characters change in real life.  The plot seems so weak in this film. It is an insult to the film as it is a huge insult to both the writer and the filmmaker.   Loves' co-stars are Michael Rapaport (who plays the ex-firefighter) and Jennifer Love (who has played the mother of Loves). Loves has one of the most irritating scenes I've ever seen in a film, but it is not in the same league as any other film I've seen. Loves seems to have the worst problem with the characters. In fact, Loved is so awful that he was sent away. It also has some of the worst scenes I have ever seen since the movie is so ridiculously bad. If you're a fan of the film, this was NOT a mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a terrible scene in it where a group of girls are being held against their will. The movie does a pretty decent job as a porno after the film is finished. The only person I can really say the worst was that the girls would not be able to get in the car in the beginning of the film.  The actors in this film were good. The problem is that all the characters are either a group who are being kept against their wills, or are having sex with each other.  They all appear to have been having sex, but there is very little sexual activity.  I guess I just saw it when I was 14 and then it was released at an event and everybody had to get up and go. I think it is a very boring way to make a point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a horrible, but not very funny. The acting is poorly done by the people who are actors in the movie. They do a good job. The script is OK, but the film is a mess of garbage.   This is one of those movies that is so bad when they read a book written by a man who works in that field. The whole movie is, at the least, mildly boring. And the movie is way overlong. The writing is awful.  This film is so boring, it could have been made into a movie by one of the thousands of people who write books that get so many votes in the internet poll. The only thing that has potential to make it a film in the first place is the plot. I know they can do that.  It's not going to be a horror film, but you would have to be one of these people who believe the man has no personality and that the man is mentally retarded and can't function in the real world, but, it's the kind of film you would expect from some kind of idiot "documentary" and not by a guy who works there. There are some things that just don't add up. But the only thing worse thing about this is the lack of intelligence of the main character, the only character with a personality and the only person who is likable.  I don't know how much the man had in common with the people in the film. But at least the man did have a personality, but his is completely irrelevant.  In conclusion:  I gave this film a 1 because the actors were terrible, but they were in some way stupid. And because the film wasn't a horror movie, but a comedy and thriller movie, the characters weren't likable, but that's all you get. The movie was dull, the jokes were uninteresting or they didn't stupidly write in a "fictitious" way for 5 minutes and then run out of the room screaming, "FACT! FACT! ACT! ACT!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this was made without any money. But I do know this is not a comedy movie, but a film like "Six Days, Seven Nights." This is about people who get kidnapped, and are then sold to a witch. It's about a group of kids who come together and try to escape the town by riding horses. It is supposed to be a horror movie. But this is a horror film.   I just couldn't believe that this was a horror-film. But it was pretty bad. I was expecting so much. I could understand why it was made.  However, I could not take the film for it. However, it wasn't scary and I have to admit it's a "horror" film. But not a horror horror film, but it is just really bad. It shows the stupidity that is in children. But don't waste your time with this and don't be disappointed if it is a "poor production" like "Deathtrap" or "Scream". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was absolutely thrilled that the movie had a plot which wasn't even remotely interesting. I found that plot which made sense and which I found to be boring.   A film like this only gets a "1"  I couldn't believe this "2" is going to be the one-hit wonder to end all movies! This film is a ripoff of a "horror" film which really was not at all good. It should be the standard and there was absolutely no reason for the script to be original or original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is not good. The actors are. The characters are. I felt this was a joke about making the movie funny when it was first released in theaters. I was so disappointed when the movie was finally released (2003) as well as when it became one of the worst ever movies I have ever seen. I know that the plot line is only one aspect of an entire movie. In this case, the premise is pretty lame. It just fails miserably when it comes to plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a big fan of this film, you'll be very disappointed. Not just because they're making the film with the actors and story that was good, but also because the story is what it's all about and this is an adaptation of a novel about the relationship between two families and the love and respect they have for each other.  If one is to be honest with oneself, it's obvious that this film should have come out sooner. This is the worst excuse I have ever watched. It's like the worst of the worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film and I found that it wasn't the worst film ever. Its the film you will be least likely to like and least likely not like the film's story, the acting, the cinematography, and the casting. In fact, you will probably like that film to the point that you do not care for it, but you'll be a bit disappointed when you realize that the movie was made in the mid to late 90s and was filmed with a number of actors who are well known as actors of their era. You will probably enjoy the film more than you will the actual film. The acting is not that bad. It is not bad, but there are no actors.  This film is one that I would like to see removed from the shelf and have never seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A really lame movie with bad script that I like to laugh at (and this is my favorite!) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen and if you think about it will be the movie that will be in your memory forever.  I didn't have the patience for that, I had the patience to do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a film with a title like "Pleasant" or "Gloria" did. The plot was bad because the film made people sick and depressed. So this film didn't try hard.   "Polemon" is a very small group of movies that tries very hard. But in a way that just comes off like they're trying too hard to be funny. But there was nothing they could do. They had to think. What they could have done with less dialogue. But the problem is that no one can really come up with a sentence that could have been written by a five year old. There are few scenes that are actually interesting for their actors and some actors that made me laugh and that made people think. The script is awful. The music was very forgettable and the cast was okay, but it's nothing to write home about.  I'd love to see this film in it's entirety. I could be wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two movies in the series are simply terrible (not at all), and the end is pure torture porn. The first one is probably the worst.  The production of this film (I'm guessing it is one of the worst films I've ever seen), makes it even worse. There is no real plot, but at the same time it is not good either. I think the director didn't make this film for the money. No idea, but I couldn't care less.   Overall I just don't understand. The dialogue is terrible. But the production values were way off when compared to those of the first two films.  If you want to see this film, go see that one! I'd really like to give this a zero. I don't know how to do that, but this isn't worth it, but it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about the three main actors, but their roles are changed each time the movie opens. They are all awful and annoying, and they do not even look remotely like this in the slightest bit. In this movie, the three leads look like they have the acting ability.   All in all, one has to be very disappointed. The other leads just look like teenagers.  There is no mention of how the two leads have been forced to go through puberty. I had to assume that this movie is a joke.  The only really annoying part of the movie is when the main leads are making out in front of each other in the school. Then there is nothing that I could say to you, but they look like this, but I think they could have written better.  I mean, they could write better. But even the writers of this movie are teenagers, and this movie could have been a comedy, a bad film, but this movie was way too long to waste. There are only two jokes that I will laugh at: 1) when the three lead leads are going through puberty, and 2) when they are having sex with each other.  This movie is so long it had the potential to make me wet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a great film and I gave this a 1 because it was the first film ever made in history without a single word. It is a disappointment in a bad film that never happened anywhere.  I gave it 1 just because I thought it was bad because of some horrible acting, although they were very good in that film.  The DVD menu is actually horrible, and it is just awful.  And the plot goes way beyond what I would have expected because there's nothing to compare with.  Overall, it is a movie that is way worse than I can think of. I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke about a school principal who, when he accidentally shoots a student who is about to be killed by a nun who is obsessed with Jesus. This means there's no continuity between characters. There's nothing except two people talking, and then it switches to a totally different person talking, only then the characters stop talking and the other person starts. The principal was talking to the nun about his teacher. This is supposed to be the only way for them to do that. But they never talked like that in the previous movies. It's supposed to have been like that to each of the characters they made before, but it wasn't a huge disaster like it was in this one.  The whole plot is stupid.  So what the hell was the point of this movie? Was there any reason to watch it? How many points should I give this?  I mean, if they didn't care about the movie, it doesn't matter at all. The teacher and nun went to the principal for help. How many of these people were actually killed? None of them were even close to the real problem of a school killing another student. They got the girl out of the closet, and they told the nun where her boyfriend was. But neither of them showed the kid in the closet. And the principal didn't even bother to open the closet and get a weapon. His only motive was to get the girl to tell him where she was. And his first mistake in all this was that he had the teacher's phone number, which was supposedly to call the police when he found out the truth. The whole thing was pretty weak in a way. And he didn't really do it on purpose, but his intentions are bad. I mean the principal wants the girl killed, but only because she tried to take his phone away. His main purpose was to call himself. And at the end of the movie the principal gets a new phone number. The kid didn't get the phone number back. He just gets it. He was a total dumber teacher and the new kid didn. He got the new number because he gave up his number to the new nun at a bus stop. His girlfriend couldn't call the nun when she was on the phone and the nun didn't want her boyfriend to call her back. The nun had the same old number. And this is the only reason they were talking. He wanted to use her phone when he told the old man he'd call her every time
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens with an exclamation point to the film, but it is quickly drowned by an avalanche of bad writing and a series of incomprehensible characters.  The lead character is a guy named Jason who can be a real jerk to his best friend by turning him into a monster and putting him in the refrigerator. The other characters are so insufferable that it borders on painful. A real jerk is a group of guys who get together and who can't figure out what to do about their friends' impending doom, but who don't have any clue on how to survive if the first one dies. The movie is the sort of movie you are so used to seeing with friends: it's the sort I have seen when I was 15. It's the type I have forgotten so badly that I can hardly recognize it. A guy named Ryan (John Ritter) gets dragged into a bizarre situation which seems to be beyond his ability to cope with. The cast is uniformly mediocre. One particularly unfortunate guy is a hick named Paul (Tom Berenger). The acting is terrible, but the premise is bad.  And as for the whole thing being so boring, it only takes a short amount of time to make sense, but that's not much, but what the hell.   I am a terrible fan of the movie and the rest of the cast is just too boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviewers like to rate movies by 1/10, but I thought that was too long and that was the best movie I've ever seen. I've just watched this with the hope of finally discovering something that would make me feel bad. This movie was the only movie I ever saw with no special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot think of a movie that has been made in the past 30 years. It was a disaster that was not an insult, but a catastrophe that took the life of a whole planet. As I write this, I realize that the movie was never even about a disaster, but is in fact about a person's struggle to make a difference in this life.  As someone who has made many movies, I find the movie just to be boring.  But what exactly is this catastrophe? What is it? What exactly is the problem with this movie? Who exactly is to blame?  The catastrophe takes the life's of a planet.  The director goes from the beginning till the end without ever explaining this. But, again, the movie is not really about a catastrophe.  I would not have expected the director to make movies that was like a Greek catastrophe, but about catastrophe that will kill the whole planet forever.   The movie is boring and in the end, the disaster comes to a head in a way that is neither expected nor acceptable in a movie. But the whole thing is pretty weak, but not in the same way as the first disaster. The director has not really shown us his hand, but has shown us the person's side and the disaster's side. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately the filmmakers fail to recognize the difference between an average of 4.2 and 6.8, but the average does not reflect the actual film's quality (unless you are willing to watch it, and even then only if you are prepared to do the work yourself).  The filmmakers make a good film. Unfortunately the film doesn't reflect its quality. The average is not the only problem; and there is one film you won't even miss (in any movie). It is not a movie that will leave you cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was so-so.  The plot is a real problem, but it's all a lie. The acting is terrible, but the dialogue is way too long for this guy to have a job. He can act.  It was a little disappointing at times when the jokes were supposed to be weak and when he was supposed to have no sense at all. His story is totally pathetic. But the thing about "Lebowski" was weak.  But the plot was so poorly developed and the story line is completely overlong. And the movie is about a couple of men trying to get rid of a woman who doesn't really fit the typical stereotypes.  I have nothing to say. Don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are few films worth of your time. I've read the books since I was 8. It It. In the novel the movie was boring, but there were a few films that were actually worth of watching. There were several bad films in this section, but they weren't really that bad, but the dialogue was terrible, well, let me say, "horrible," "disgusting," and "gross" or "bad," "vomit," but not at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A B-minus movie is only worth watching if you want to watch this movie and not just watch a movie. The movie was so incredibly predictable because the movie makers knew exactly when the ending of the movie would occur and when the movie had finished. This movie is just not worth watching unless you want the movie to be. I recommend giving this movie a 1 for the sole reason that it was so predictable that it wasn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story in this movie is so very thin.  It's like a bunch of bad comedy films with a couple of main characters that are mentally handicapped. However it's like nothing compared to the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. It's very bad and very very predictable, but it's also kinda boring and annoying. If you see the movie first and you are just like "Wait, so what the story is about, but that's it! It's really not that good. The actors were annoying in the movie because the movie was poorly made, but the worst mistake I could make is that when I saw the movie I realized I was watching it wrong. The plot was OK, but there were a few minor actors that were annoying to me. In fact, the character acting was average, but they were annoying. The movie got boring and uninteresting when I compared it to other movies I've seen.   I don't know why the writer made a point of this movie being a terrible movie, but this movie didn't really deserve it, but I know it was at least not bad either. So, what I'm saying is basically I'm going to watch the movie again just to make it more tolerable than a joke, but only if I want to waste my time.  The script was very weak, but overall it sucked. The music was awful and it seemed to be so uninteresting to watch either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviewers said that this was supposed to be an anti-Asian film, but only after it was "in a class by itself". A very boring story which is unfortunately forgotten and which is only told through the dialogs of the principal actors. It Wasn't even great. A story which has been told several times in the film are probably the only ones worth telling. But the filmmakers should have been given the opportunity to make more films to tell more of the story and give more insight into the actors and the director's style.   Avoid at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So if you have a friend that likes this movie, you will love it, I did. The story was boring and predictable, but the acting was really horrible, and the story wasn't that bad or confusing.  The music was good and so was the script (as usual), but the characters were so dull I wanted to put them in a blender and have the blender blend them.  A really dumb plot that is really boring. But what the heck are they supposed to be? They were just boring. They just didn't have any plot, but there is no point in doing this as a comedy.   I can tell this movie was really boring to me, but it wasn't my favourite movie. It was just a big waste of time. The acting was bad. The ending was completely incomprehensible, even for a B-level comedy that doesn't know what they are doing, but I couldn't believe the first joke. And they are dumb. I'm going to give this movie a 1 out of 10, even though it's a movie where your friends go to a pizza place with a bunch of teenagers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie was terrible about a group of women who are married to a group who has a boy as the father who kills his parents. The film seems to be on the verge of releasing this year.  This movie is so badly made it borders on the level of a real horror film. It starts by being very slow to act and is just a bunch of poorly written scenes.  The acting is awful.  I was hoping to see "The Devil" instead of "Death", but I'm glad I saw "The Boy Who Cried Blood" instead.  A couple of jokes that stuck out were the ones that are most likely to be understood by the general public. The movie seems to have the worst of it.   The cinematography was bad. The characters are bad. You can tell the difference between actors.  All in all I have no idea how to review this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is that nothing can make this film interesting. It's not even remotely interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was in high school in 1994, but I thought it was soooo bad. But since this film is so weak and soooo predictable, the whole plot is weak and the ending so predictable, it is painful. The whole film has a bad name, "Rudolph", but the director said he had no clue what the heck was going on, but he was very disappointed that the original film had no story, the special effects were so unbelievable, and the movie ends, "We shall be back", but we will be back in the same place.   If you haven't watched this film, you don't know what the movie is. It is a pity that the cast didn't all have such promising roles that one could easily forget about the plot, and that the story was so bad that everyone else could forget about it, but there is a definite low budget "I don't even know where to begin" feeling in the last minutes of the film. There's no story to be told, but no direction either.  And if you haven and don't bother to write positive reviews about a good film: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My Grade: 0   This is the first I've ever seen as a joke. I don't know why... it's a funny film, but I am going to give it a 3...   The other films in the movie are of course the usual.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie, but I really hated it. The reason I hated it for the fact that it was filmed in black and white in the wrong year. It! I'm glad I can watch it.  This was not a good movie. It was a terrible movie, and this was a crappy movie to bore you to tears. I don't know if I would have been happy, but this movie has the same potential for being a movie that has been made in the last two years. The script is like a kid making a game with you, so there's no reason to watch this film if you've been a kid and know what a b*tch a b**tch you are.  There was only one problem with this movie: I was a kid in the 90's, but i didn't really like it. It had no point.   Avoid it if you want to be a b******t 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is one of many that will probably be found in other movies this season. The story lines are so long and the characters are so weak that I was beginning to think this was a movie about a family that could get by, but one day their lives were literally destroyed.  The movie is not bad at all. The actors are the main problem, but I would have to say the production values are pretty low this season, but only one thing really stands out from the cast. The movie was made in 1994. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately for my money it was like a child that has to learn to be a good guy in order to be in a good movie with a good script. It's OK but it's nothing like it was a movie for a movie. It is a movie that doesn't do much in the movie, but it is not a movie with low production values.  The script is poor at this point, but there is no excuse for this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have just finished watching the first part of this film and was shocked to find myself in the background. My initial reaction was to be angry. The only reason for this is because I am a huge fan of this show.  I cannot stress enough how very, very unfunny the story is, but the main point I want to make is that the characters are uninteresting. I think that this has all the ingredients of a B-Grade B-Movie.  It's one of those movies you've ever seen that I have absolutely hated and I could just say the same for the characters. But what do I know? The writing and story are just too predictable and predictable. I can't think of any single one of them that was remotely interesting. My main point of contention is that although they are mostly bad, unfunny jokes, it's a pity that it was made in the first place and the characters all looked like they were trying to act like someone in a "Troll" movie. I have seen all the episodes since "Talladega Nights". It would be the kind of thing they should have put in their resumes.  The only way I can think of for any of them to be better would be to make the jokes worse. It's very predictable and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast, the script and the characters are also very bad. The main plot is the main problem and the character are the victims. But it is nothing. The movie itself, except for the bad acting and the constant "DYING", is very much of a piece, but the casting problems are too much of them.  The film is full of bad and very bad movies and if it were not made so many times it would probably have ended before they got to the end. "Dying" is so bad and so very predictable. The "plot", as with "TIE" this movie has so many plot holes. And the problem is not limited to the cast or script, but also the actors. I just saw this movie last night. It is only so bad, but it is definitely the worst case scenario in terms of the worst film I have ever seen. I know the plot was not the main thing. The story is supposed to have more meaning then the cast and the direction was just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so easy to get sucked into this mess and they all seem to love it. It. It's the sort of thing you'd be glad you had a choice. So they'd be the only ones that'll notice this mess is made out of.  All in all I'm glad I chose not to waste my time or money or even bother with this dreck and watch out for the next couple of years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember first seeing this movie in my teens and being really disappointed by it because of its "bad acting, the script and the characters." The script is terrible and they are really, really, awful. The story is very dull and predictable, but the characters are uninteresting. The only story line in this movie is that of a man who learns to find happiness in a new life with a woman that he finds cheating on him and a boy that has been kidnapped and brought back to life and that the father and the other members of his family who know his future wife are also going to find a way to stop him.  It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of movies in my day - not many. This is one of the worst films I've ever heard - but it's a bad film I've never heard before. You just can't blame the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, a teenager falls to his death from a high-rise window while his boyfriend tries to convince him to be his girlfriend, because he wants her to take his life if he has the will to. He gets to choose between heaven and hell.  The movie is awful. It's like a horror movie without the gore. The gore is very bad and very fake. A really big and bad movie! The movie contains so much gore and it's supposed to be one of the worst movies ever made ever made. I hope the makers of this movie make the movie in a way not resembling a real movie. I'm sorry to say, the movie makers of the original version of "House of Wax" made a great effort and gave a really good movie and one of my all-time least favorites is "Deathtrap". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a sad thing to behold the total failure of the British Isles (Scotland, England, Ireland, Wales) to the United Kingdom (England).   If you can believe it, Britain was still a full-fledged empire, but the British Empire was the empire of the United States, a nation which the Americans had colonized without even the slightest consideration for their own interests.  "The only true English language film that I've seen before this," writes Peter Weir in "The Black Cat". "They all have a story which I'm trying to develop myself as a novelist: the film version of "The Secret Policeman" is a comedy which I tried to develop this into. "The Invisible Ray" is perhaps one of the worst British films ever, but this film is truly the worst kind of crap, the sort that you will feel compelled to write down in your own notes and then write on the bathroom mirror.  The plot has been done to death.   "I hope the author has the intelligence to realize that when he's writing a novel this has to be the same film you'd find at Walmart. It's like a sitcom.  I've been in a position to see every movie which I've ever made, but it was a depressing experience for me to see how pathetic the British press treats this film, but I only felt compelled to do so because of the ridiculous stupidity of the actors.  What was I supposed to feel when I saw that an American was being kidnapped? I think I laughed at the stupidity of a foreign journalist.  All I can say is I can't believe it because it's supposed to be so incredibly shallow.  (You'd only find this film in the British film archive)  I didn't see anything, but felt compelled after reading "The Dead of Summer". (I have read all the books, but have never seen "The Dark Room".) But the whole idea of making a comedy film which fails to produce laughs is not even a waste of a joke.  But the writing in the story wasn't even in the same league as the writing itself.  It's a shame to see this as a failure on the part of Britain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that has no redeeming quality. Not one.   This film is a rip-off of "The Color Purple", and they are both actors. It and "The Story of Love and Death" in the early 20th century is too shallow. The plot has no relation whatsoever with the other two films. Not even with "The story of love and death" in "The Life of the People". The actors were OK. The photography was OK.  The story was dull and the music was boring.  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie many times and have written this negative review too many times.   I am just starting to write this review about the worst movie ever. I'm telling you the movie's like that "it" is a movie with a plot like a plot or two. But if you've seen the original, you know what I'm talking about. And I'm not going to say you can't enjoy the original movie. But I think you will enjoy the sequel to this one more so than the original.  The plot is just a big disappointment for anyone who's ever watched this movie, because the original version's just a pile of vomit inducing "tasteless", like I've never before. But the original is a "perfectly awful" slow film. It's not at all. It goes on forever and ever, without even stopping the movie from becoming tedious at times. But it's an average movie, at best for someone who has the patience of a year. But then, I could watch this for a few hours and still not get bored. But just watch for 30 minutes and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is simply this: "In the beginning, the police and the FBI start working together to solve this murder". (Which begs the question, what is the motivation for them to work together?) Then, the FBI accidentally kills one of the victim's relatives. The police officer who finds the body says: "The deceased's bodyguard called a cop to the scene, but the dead woman was already dead, but we can't tell who is who.  The rest of the film is the usual stuff you would expect from the first half of the first film, but there are no real surprises to speak of. It's a shame the film got nominated for such a prize because it was the first one I saw of the so-called "Gang of Deads". But if you're expecting anything at all, there is nothing to recommend.  This film is so boring that you're going to be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was 7. The film had no plot whatsoever and the acting is the worst bit of boring, tedious acting (at least they made a great deal of it). The problem is that the movie wasn't really any good either. But this is definitely one of the worst movies I have ever witnessed in my life. But it didn't make me want to punch a guy.  The film is extremely amateur. The dialogue and script are awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about this movie is that it has no plot. Its very much like the last film i ever saw in my life, its so predictable. It it its like when the movie got bad ending it was bad and predictable.  The movie is about a group of four friends who decide to start a co-ed band. They just start in a group which consists of three guys who have to start playing with each other and who get picked out by a girl who was going to play in the band.  This movie tries to be like the movie of "Friends in High School" where the main characters start playing together and it tries to imitate the formula. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason this movie got nominated for an Oscar was for the acting of John Lithgow and the characters created by him.  The characters were all very small and the only reason I had to be interested was that it was a total disappointment and a total failure. I was a fan of the series. However, the casting was poor, the story was weak and the movie was boring. There's no need to watch this movie because the acting is not funny and the story is weak. It was an embarrassment to watch a kid play computer games. Unfortunately the movie failed to provide a plot and the "plot" is boring, the jokes not. I don't know where this started from in its story and it could have been written like this and I'd like to learn how I can make the most of a story and story. However the movie is not at all that bad as a bad film.   This movie is a waste of time. Don't miss it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid fan of horror movies, but I have to give this movie some respect as it is not exactly one of the worst examples of horror cinema ever, but in some cases it is simply one of horror films. The rest of the film is filled with violence and gore. I have the worst of it.  This is really a terrible mistake. The idea of "movie" doesn't exist, but a complete failure on every level makes this a movie that no one will ever want to watch. The acting isn't the worst, but the directing is poor. The script is poor and the plot is bad. The characters aren't really bad.   I think the main problem with this movie isn't necessarily the acting. The main problem is that it tries to be more than a waste of time. I give this a "1". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was six-years-old my parents rented this movie because it was in a genre called "The Family Plot." I can't understand why I thought this movie was at all. It wasn't.  The plot seems pretty much like "The Parent Trap," but it isn't. But the problem is that when a child grows up, it has to choose between two very different lives. There is no one life to choose from, but a choice. The parents live in one. The teacher lives in one, but that doesn't stop it from being a crappy movie to anyone with the slightest bit of imagination. A kid who is growing up in a poor neighborhood can choose from a life of utter misery and alienation. It is a lot better. It's a good, depressing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It really is quite boring, but I guess I won't see it. I am disappointed that they made a film which has no redeeming value at all.  Overall I can say, for my own money I gave this movie a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You are thinking, and it is in my opinion the only film you have ever seen in your life. I just think you will love this film and will be more happy than you will ever be.   If you read my review on IMDb, it says I have seen the film twice. However, I actually have seen it several times. But I think you'll enjoy it.  I hope you have enjoyed this film, but don't think you have seen all the bad movies this site has to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a problem when trying to make a movie. It is very much better. But not to be, and there are some very questionable problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (and its sub-par script): There's one scene in the movie where the girl throws a party in her dorm.  A good idea.   The main character, the main singer, turns out to be a little too unhinged and it turns out that the other girl, the girl who threw the party, is really a little bit too predictable and it makes you wonder what she is thinking.  The whole thing ends with the main character talking about getting his way.  But it's a bit unclear what exactly is happening and why it's important to get your way. The girl who throws the party ends up in a state of shock and she starts acting like a little kid. The whole movie is like a big family play with characters that are really close to you and the only thing that I found in a movie that was not supposed to be in the same kind of space as a kid and a kid is the kid who throws a ball at the main one of the girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In his attempt to build a good movie, we are supposed to imagine that he was trying to make a movie about the story, but the movie never goes that far. But I will give this movie a 2 from the time it was released. The movie is not so bad, but this is definitely a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the movie. The acting is weak. It's only a "bad" movie because it's boring, but it's not that. The whole movie is made of crap. There is no "movie". It's really boring.  I am glad I had the money to buy the sequel because I thought they made "Scream" because of an unknown virus. And I am sorry if someone gave me a bunch of money to "make me watch it again".  What I didn't like was the "movie" concept. It was just a movie.   I only hope someone could make the next "Scary Movie". The story and acting were better than the first one. There were many scenes I didn`t like in the original one, but the only scenes I got bored were when the actors were trying to act like real people and the story got boring, because the film makers felt the actors needed to learn to act. There are many scenes where the actors act like actual people, but don`t bother with this one. I mean, I'm not going to give this one away. I was looking forward to "Scarecrow". I mean there are many people that like to waste 2 hours of my life watching a bad film. But, I think the makers should stop. Instead of wasting 2 hours, I would have wasted a whole hour watching "Scaredcrow". But I just don`ts like "Screw You!". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But this one seems to get a little boring.   There are some scenes that look like they were shot at a high school play date, but there's no nudity, and the sex scene looks like it was shot in a highschool play date.  The actors are a group of "ordinary" teenagers, but they act like they're under 15 years old.  In conclusion: you can expect a bunch of "normal" teenagers to be in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is that of a woman who has been living in a post-apocalyptic future. But she doesn't care what happens to her, and she never did.  The acting is terrible, the plot is confusing and the characters are predictable. The direction of this film has never been less confusing than when its characters were speaking to each other.   Unfortunately the direction of the story and action is so flat as to have been laughable. The story of this movie is so predictable, it makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the point of this? Why is the joke about this? What is the point? But then why do we have to watch this? It's just a waste of time. I can honestly say that there is no joke about the idea of a kid and a car getting in a race, but why does it have to be about kids and cars?  The car and the kid are the primary focus of the movie. There are a few scenes in which the kid is driving the car in what seems to be a real hurry and the car is at least in danger of getting hit by a real car, though nothing like the usual slapstick cars and kids racing in real speed. If you're looking for a movie that has to be watched only to get a laugh, don't watch this one. It's the kind of movie I've always dreamed of seeing. I'm happy I saw this movie and I'm ashamed I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is not as bad. It is an excuse to be bad, but the acting is flat, and the acting in the movie is terrible oratory. The only thing this movie has going for it is a bad script.  The movie's title was simply bad; it was really a waste of words; and then the movie ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is absolutely appalling to me.  This film is so utterly without interest.  The story is weak, because the main characters are so weak.  I'd like to say something to the filmmaker: Please don't waste your time on this movie, because you can get more out of it than you can from any other movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I see when watching this movie is that I have no idea what the hell is going on.  I really want to watch this movie.   I have to give this movie a one and only one. I'm not going to waste time with the other movies.  This is one of those movies that I wish I could forget about and move on to something else. I wish you had the courage to do something to save the planet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors have very little action. The plot isn't terribly implausible, but they don't play. So the action is minimal and the story is weak. The script is weak, the plot is weak and the characters are weak.  I didn't care one bit for the actors, but the premise was weak. But what if the premise wasn't weak? What if the filmmakers had more imagination than just showing bad writing?  And so is the problem, but it's too much, but I still think the concept is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can understand why this movie is so badly put together and why the actors who played the lead should be so embarrassed to admit that they are bad and have a conversation with each other. However, I am baffled why anyone in their right mind would waste $4 for this movie. I mean, I don't know why, but it's not really a movie at all.  There are several interesting moments.  The actors should not be able to act in a completely inept way, but they are very under-rated as is the fact that it seems to be in the same place that a kid will start crying. I can forgive this movie for being about a single dad and his son in the end when he tells them "it's my life" or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says this was the worst film ever made because it was the only movie made. And the music is awful and it is, and it really is, a huge disaster.  My wife and I saw this film in the UK a few weeks back for one night only. I would give this an "F" for effort.  This film is truly a big disappointment because it is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about three girls who are about to kill someone. The girls (including the girl who is about to marry the girl's cousin) are so desperate to get married. The girl who has a boyfriend is about as much as you can imagine. He's about as little as you get. The problem is that the girl wants him to marry her cousin. She wants him and her cousin to be together in one place. That way, they're only going to have to get their act together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of twenty or thirty friends meets up on the "party bus". They start a big fight with a bazooka (the same one from the original movie) and a bunch of henchmen. It's a classic "B" film for those who are looking for a cheap B. Unfortunately, as I said earlier, I was looking for the original.  There are some interesting characters (especially the three henchman friends), but I had to admit that the writing, sound design, cinematography and story are OK, but this was the only film I saw this year that I've ever been disappointed by. Unfortunately if you're expecting a B film with a plot or character development, you'll just find that there was a lot more going on that I couldn't see with the naked eye.  I'm not a fan of "B", but this is the kind of B that you'll never get anywhere else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I was 14 years old and watching this movie, it was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life, but this movie is completely devoid of any humor that might have existed had they been on a trip to New York to play poker or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Lone Wolf" has been in the top 10 of his movies's worst. A man who works in a nuclear waste disposal facility meets a man named "Gus" (who works in the same facility). "Gurus" goes on a killing spree killing many victims. "Losing it"   The man who directed this is named "Eddie", who has directed many other movies, "Eden", "The Fall", "Fallen Angels", "Blood Harvest", "Hang", and "Fall in Love".   "Escape from a Black Room"  "The film is not as poor as a low budget film. The actors are very good, and this was a good film, and the acting in it was average for a horror film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast of the movie is mainly white.  This is a major disappointment and one that is often used as an insult.   The actors are not bad, but they are often not good either. I don't know much about Asian actors in this film, but I do not understand why all the cast are Asian.  My grade: B-    I give this "F" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was the worst movie ever, but I know this movie is only a movie. I am a huge fan of the movie so I can say it's the worst of the three. I've seen several movies and had no clue why it's so terrible. If you haven't, go see a movie, but don't expect something good, because the writing was OK. The script was, so to speak, unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's only one problem I can see. But it's not enough. It's bad. It seems it really stinks. It stinks beyond comprehension. I would like to see a movie where the writer was fired and he was sent to work in a construction site. I do not know why. The writer himself must have been hired for a job. The construction site is, I believe, a good film and, after all, the writing is poor, the characters are very real. I don't believe I've seen enough. If you get a chance to see this film it will be on DVD. I suggest you skip this one if you want a more genuine film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how many people on the internet are trying to get their hands on this film. The movie was written by Steven King, and while he is the main character, I can guess he can make a film with the same kind of dialogue and cinematography as this. So it is possible that he is a young writer trying to write a "horror" film, but I have never seen a film as poor as I have for the first time ever seen this film with a young author, but only one such as this is in the world.  The dialogue is very wooden, but the actors are very uninteresting, and all of this is very un-watchable, if you are looking for a film which is uninteresting.   I didn't really like this movie, but it had to be awful bad as well. It wasn't like "This film will kill you", but it was like a "Let's do the worst" type of movie, and there is a movie that is worth watching just to see someone go through the motions.  It is a pity to see King and King's movies on the big screen for the third time since the events occurred in 1999. If you think you are watching a movie "The Blair Witch Project". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this movie it is mentioned that the plot of "Rabbit's Feet" was a remake of a series that was based on the original series. The original series had more than a few laughs. Unfortunately, the animation was bad, but this episode had far too many laughs. The actors were mostly terrible and annoying ones that the rest of the cast had no idea how to react. It was not, nor is it a ripoff of "The Smokers". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen.  I can say this without using the word "wtf". Its like saying you can tell the difference between "A" and "E". I am giving you some real advice, but its more of the general movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I've seen a movie that doesn't end in tragedy. It's all the same movie. But the script is so predictable, that it's as if you knew every character, and every action was every scene. Then I'd watch "The Way" I used to like. But I'd end it all the way.  I think the movie makers have tried and tested a lot of different things, but they've found nothing that can't be said for a movie this old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is really simple, really: what the hell was I thinking? If I were a kid in 1983, I could of been a kid who could not have seen this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a horrible movie. However, it's not for the audience, but for the guy playing the main character. So there's something of a joke here.  What was I thinking? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film, however, is about as much as a movie about making a film, about making this film, and the way in which it was made.  I have seen many films since, but this one was made when I was 9, and I am only going to watch it because I was really tired of the whole thing.  You could call it a bad film, but then I would have to tell you that the film is not. I had the whole film in a box, and was about to watch all of it. But if you think that a film made as much by the words in the title of the film as much can be made by the characters that have them in the book of the same name. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst thing about this film was its bad execution. The plot was bad and the acting was terrible.  The story seemed like an actual movie. I'm willing to forgive this movie because it is, in the end, a comedy of incompetence.  This movie seemed like a giant "I'm not even making this film to entertain you". The plot has a couple of weak points. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The scriptwriter, Dan Harmon, has made a career out of creating movies which is about a guy who is going to become a millionaire in the middle east, but who is so desperate to get out.  It is impossible to write a screenplay that can make the movie, but it is not impossible to make a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to avoid any movie with the actors who play a major role in the movie, skip this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes of the movie is so annoying.   The plot - which is probably the only reason most people would want to see this movie - is a total joke. The plot is about a couple of women that make this movie and find themselves going down with various types of diseases.  The director is not exactly a joke. His style is flat out terrible, he's trying to be funny and get out of a writer that was way too generous with her characters, but I guess there are no jokes in his movie.  Overall: The first half of this film - while you have to give him credit for trying - is like any other comedy - funny and the rest of the first half is so flat out that you can barely hear a whisper of the dialogue. The characters are funny and at times irritating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the most annoying part of a movie that I could say was the main reason I watched this movie. It, I mean, if it's the main source of annoyance, I will not watch it, but I'm surprised I haven't heard one before, but, you know, I have to get up and put the movie back on the shelf. I'm a fan of the guy who plays him, and, well, the movie is very short, but they did make it this way because the movie makers were not paying attention to this guy.  That's it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the only real problem I ever had with this film. I have watched hundreds of movies with the same story line, but never found one that has as much potential as this. However, the story line doesn't work as well with a story line as I do with a scene line and a couple of characters. I don't see the problem as one of story line. But I can see the point that it is a movie that makes you care about them in the end. But the characters are poor, but the characters of the people we care about in the movie were not. I'm not saying the characters were poor, not poor, nor was I suggesting that the two movies lines could have been the same. In my opinion, they didn't even do that well. I would rate this film a 1 on the bad list for failing at being a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film version of this movie was in the early 80's (a decade before the original version of "The Naked Kiss of Death", "The Screaming Screaming Kiss", "Stairway to Hell" or "Death Wish") and the movie has been removed from IMBD and given an "otherness" to the horror genre.  The title "Deadly Kiss", from "Death Kisses", "Death Wishes" or even "The Burning Kiss" (though it is a bit of a stretch) should be the best thing on IMBD.    I mean, what is there to say? This is such an awful horror flick... and it doesn't even have the slightest bit of suspense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I first saw this movie with my friends on the big screen back in 1995 and they laughed. But at the time, when my friends were laughing about my first movie, I was really bored. I think it was so boring, it got boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I rented this movie, the only time I've ever laughed out loud was when the first time I realized I had to take it back from Blockbuster or Blockbuster's website and put my money back. The movie starts with a young boy telling a joke, but his father (Logan) agrees. He tells the jokes and then gets into a big fight against a boy with black hair (Trent), who looks like he is getting ready to get his hair cut. Unfortunately, the hair boy has a great fight with an animal called a "beetle". He looks like someone who's hair got burned out. He has to go in the cage with this animal and fight it until the beetle dies. But this animal is a bad guy who thinks his hair is getting too soft because his hair has been burned out, but he doesn't know who really has it. He thinks that it's going to be a bad thing and he says "I'm going to burn it out and get all of it". He has the beets tattooed on his leg, but when the beetle dies he gets the behemoth's tattoo. He kills the beetle and then turns it on the beepers to get to T. He also has the bird on his arm that his father and Logan have. He fights this behemoth and a bunch of other animals. But then he realizes he has to fight T's behemoth.  I saw the movie when I was 8 years old, but only once in a long time. But when I saw T he had to fight a bunch a behemoth who looks more like a turtle with a shell (as opposed to a snake with a venom sac) and T doesn't have to fight two behemoth with only one behemoth fighting one (and it dies). I just can't see why anybody in the movie would have thought T could beat Logan. And I didn't want T to fight Behemoth anymore but I didn'T want to waste the movie. But it was a pretty bad movie if T dies. It was a bad film to watch when your mom and sister get into fights with T and when T punches Logan in the face he dies.  It also just looks like a joke. But T's story isn't funny or a lot of animals or anything. But the movie didn't go into the realm of "bad movies". However, it was terrible and I couldn't finish watching the whole movie I wanted to. I was
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is that by the end of the movie we should change our minds. But this movie should be more interesting than most of the many films of the genre. The main problem with the movie was the bad acting and script. The acting was particularly bad.  The movie was a bad excuse for a "Troll" movie. What could they possibly have hoped for when they were given a $7 million dollar budget to make a film?  The main characters were uninteresting. The plot was so bad, it made no sense at all. It's not.  What did this movie really say about? There was nothing to get excited about.  This movie is the equivalent of the worst film I have ever seen in my life. It only made the worst. I would have expected "Targets of Opportunity" to be such a waste of money. But the actors could have easily played themselves, but that was never the case. The cast was terrible.   The plot of "Trog" is so boring, but it has to be the worst kind of movie. We're supposed to be impressed with characters that have actual brains and a sense of responsibility, but we know we're getting a waste. It should have been a waste too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not even one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But it is bad but the director should have realized that in order to succeed the audience will have to believe in a god. I am not arguing that the movie isn't awful at least interesting and will have viewers who will think it was. This movie just is an example of the mindset that the writer had and the director has to realize what was really happening. This is a waste of time. It was made in such a short time. I give it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie with my 8-year old daughter and my friend and I were going to watch it as soon as she saw it. And she is not a person. She is a girl, she is a person with ADHD, she has a condition called Hyperactivity. It is not possible to have a real person with Hyperactivity, and it is not not possible for a person to have an ADHD disorder. ADHD itself is not an option, but it is an option for someone who is mentally disabled. My point is not that these people who are mentally disabled should be allowed to have the same problems we have. But it is for everyone who has a mental disability to learn how to live with the help of medication, and for people who have a mental disorder to learn what to do when medication is being given.  It is because the condition itself is a result of a disability, but a person who is autistic has ADHD. The condition is different for everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that the film was a poor parody of "Hollywood". I think the film could have been shot like "My Summer of Sam". But they were shooting in the early summer when the film starts. In short it seems the actors were trying to be so very American and were playing very American stereotypes which, if you read the subtitles (because I know what they are) could have had the film removed. It does have one rather amusing scene where the two actors are kissing each other, but this just doesn't cut it.   My Grade: C  The plot is bad and the acting is poor.  The soundtrack is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The cast for this movie were mainly awful actors:  A bunch of them were so desperate for something to happen. The only thing I can say is that it was awful and sad. The rest of the actors were ordinary people. The idea that a bunch of people who made up for one of their jobs had a huge pool of money which made their lives a living hell is a gross misstatement.  The movie has a pretty average budget for a small production. It's one of those movies whose actors are supposed to be so unbelievable as to seem as real human beings, but the film itself was just average to begin with. The special effects looked OK and the cinematography looked OK. The movie is not at all that poor and I can honestly say that this is a movie that, with enough money, is a waste of celluloid, but I could of been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "The plot of The Dead" is a weak point in this film. It's not a total failure. It seems to go against the grain, it seems to be completely disconnected from any of it's previous incarnations. It has some very odd ideas. I just wonder what the writer could possibly have come up with? And if there's something wrong with that, it's all I can ask. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to laugh, then skip this movie. It's not the worst movie I have ever watched. This is because the story is bad in any way worse condition or because I have seen it. It because the acting is bad and I've only ever laughed and thought the movie was okay. The acting is awful and the story just flat out sucks. But by the end I've managed to get to the point where I could tell they are actors of "Bake Baker" (who I've since met and actually became friends with) as if they were "real", but the jokes in the movie were way too long. The story has been done to death since I've watched it, and all the characters are so uninteresting and so annoying (which are only the result of the terrible writing style of the film).  The movie doesn't tell the story. But it's not a movie for people who are used to such things. They want to go see this movie for the laughs, but they have to do that in their own time. There's no point in making this film to make people think, but it's one for people looking to waste their time.  The actors in this film are so flat they could have been on another planet. I think I'll watch this film with my friends after seeing "Dog Days".  The writing is terrible. It just feels like "Gremlins" is about a bunch of losers who are just too stupid to actually try anything because no one told them about it before it was released. But if you think about it as a movie about a film with no story and an annoying plot (which is a completely unnecessary thing, but the idea is very clear), it's just bad. They just want to waste a bunch more time. And if you want a waste of your time then go rent "Barefoot", but don't expect it to last forever. I really hate this because my friends laughed out loud at every joke. I couldn't believe they were actually funny.  I don't see the problem with this. And the joke didn't even work. There is no point watching this for the story or the jokes. The jokes are stupid. "Bark-a-negative review about bad movies:    It's an awful film for the people who hate films.  It only works because it's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of movies, but what I hate is that they have a plot, and so do I. But the plot is something I can't relate to. There are no explosions, no special effects, no terrible acting, and nothing I can see.  The plot itself is the movie I rented for 10 minutes on my first day of class.   It's an insult to those who see this movie in the right light, but I just didn't. I'm just not sure I want to spend the time I would have if I were on the other side. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So in other reviews about bad film: I have to say that the story is boring. But there are some bad reviews saying it is because the writer is writing this guy. This is one bad movie that had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  It 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film in the theater. However, I can also say that I've NEVER seen any other movie in my life. However I only saw this film for the 2nd time I think I'll ever see. I could not say that the movie sucked. The movie was a waste of time and money. I mean come on it's obvious that there is a lot of money.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can honestly say I don't like this movie and was really disappointed by the cast for doing it.  If you want to read the book, this is the first example of a terrible movie. It is simply the worst example of movie i have ever seen with terrible mistakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original animated version and thought, I must admit, it was very boring and very original, but I am a big fan of the first version. I am an avid fan of "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time", but this is very bad because it's a terrible, I'm sorry. I thought the other animated version, "The Lost Legend", was boring or even worse. I think "Legend of Zelda" was a better title than "Legend". "Legend" is a very bad movie. It's a joke. But it's not really one joke. The script is very cliché and uninteresting, but when "The Quest of the Triforce" is boring, "Legend", "The Adventure of Link", and "Skyward Sword", there's no one new joke. It has a very low budget feel. I don't think it's better than "The Lion King" to be funny. But the jokes have a few lines. The only real problem with the movie is that it's too long and there are two different versions. But all of the jokes are the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "Stinking" is a film that deals with alcoholism, alcoholism, and the way that these problems of the mind have no real relevance to the viewer; but rather to the characters themselves, but their problems are not resolved, but the viewer perceives them as they are.  "Diving" is one of those films that focuses on various problems that are relevant to the average person; but without the viewer being able to actually see them. "Stinks" is an obvious one but unfortunately, this film is really stinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem with this movie is that it was so completely pointless. I remember seeing it made me very angry, and it made my wife very angry. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The story was incredibly stupid. I mean I don't get it.  It is such a let down. Even the dialogs were terrible - - - they were a letdown.  I just watched this film for about a half an hour and had the urge to throw a brick through a window and into the middle of the ocean so the entire thing falls into the ocean - - because I am a very stupid idiot. You can't blame me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After having seen this film, I was expecting it to be a comedy of the film industry (the writers, the actors, and the producers) when they started trying to make this film a comedy spoof of "The Office". I found "The Daily Show" and "The Colbert Report", but I also found the whole idea of a comedy film. It's one of those examples of film making where you expect to be laughed, but then realize it doesn't. The characters act like they were in a cartoon, but the production values are ludicrous, but not in a way that I expected. The actors were horrible, but I thought the comedy was so wooden and the humor so bad. The plot was completely non-existent and the dialogue was non-paranoid (even for comedy).  It's not a satire of the comedy or a satire on society. It doesn't even try to make a film to mock the producers and the industry. I was looking forward to this film and wanted to see it in a theater with some expectation that I would laugh myself sick in my underwear while watching it. The humor was flat out stupid.  It really was a comedy comedy.  After seeing "The House of Games", this film was like watching "The Simpsons", but instead of a joke, it was a joke (sorry). I was laughing with the producers, but after I saw "The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" or "The Politically Incorrect." I wanted to start a comedy program, but when I said this was a parody of the industry (that I think was actually the best way to go), I felt like I had to give up on all my principles, which is a far bigger problem than laughing at a joke.  My vote is zero.  The biggest problem with this movie is that it's such a stupid waste of time and money to rent it when you can do so without paying for an hour or more.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have written a positive review about an American horror film. This film is like a horror movie. It's like a bad film I can't believe. It gets an "D" from IMDb. I had to add this film to my "Worst film: Worst Film of All Time" - The List - I don't know when it came out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When watching this movie it was painful to watch someone die and be put in a coffin. However I am not sure why.  The acting is weak, but the direction is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's this one scene in which one guy says to another guy that this was his idea for this movie. He says: "What are you going to do with a movie about a group of students who, when they're in the middle, get into the hot seat, start arguing about the idea of a black girl. They start arguing, they start arguing and he just goes into a long, drawn-out argument about why a black person should be able to start a chain reaction and kill people. He just has no sense. He thinks he can tell the story by the words he says. But that, by his own admission, is nothing short of a disaster. But in that disaster is this "white girl" who is so desperate to be with a black guy that her brother leaves. The "white guy" doesn't do anything remotely close to that, but he still doesn't have one iota of intelligence. He doesn't learn.  The "black guy" is in for a rude surprise, but doesn't come close to being the main character.  It's not even "all white people" in for this kind of thing.   But the scene at the end where he tells his white friend: "White people only see you like this." They're at their most desperate, but it's still not nearly as bad. They're white, but when it comes down to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But there's nothing about it. The story is good. The acting is better and the acting is OK.  The story of "Little Tree" is interesting as the movie tries to capture the essence of the story with its premise of growing trees as an act of "sacrifice". The movie is a bit dull because the plot was poorly developed as the story progressed. The whole movie seemed to get more real and convincing by the mere fact that there was nothing there to tell.  There were many "twists" in the movie, but none were as bad. The film had its shortcomings that made it difficult to swallow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm sure you can find better than this. I don't think anyone could of produced a movie without taking the time to learn the script. But you can bet the story is going to be completely different then what I have ever heard in my entire life. It's really the same story in every movie that is made. But the actors are all unknown, and they all act like they are a kid, but at a younger age. They act like a 6 year old, but the only kid they are pretending to be. But in between movies the script is totally incomprehensible.   I couldn't even write one sentence on how much my brain hurts watching this movie. I tried.  This is like the worst movie I have EVER SEEN. I felt the worst pain watching this one, but it was so horrible it was unbearable. My entire life was upside down in a million dollar theater. And I just can't stand it anymore, it's the worst film I have seen in a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of "The Great Race," from "Run of The Arrow," is not the first film ever made in history.  A movie like "The Way of the Gun," from the "Run" series, is an example of a film made without an ounce of effort. The only thing missing is the quality of the movie. The rest of the story, characters and dialog are as close as you can get to them, and it's not "a disaster" like "Django Unchained," although "The Man in the Moon," directed by "Paul H. Sarno," is almost an exercise in mediocrity.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film many times over the years and I think the first half, the first few times I saw it. I thought it was an amateurish, amateurish movie and there were a couple of really amateurish shots (and an inaudible "WOW!" sound mix), a lot of them were pretty bad. The bad one I saw yesterday was particularly the worst in which the characters appeared to be talking to one another. I can only assume the director was playing with the kids on a playground. I mean, it's so amateur and amateur, but that is an entirely different animal. The characters do not move with the kind of animation you would expect from a 2-dimensional cartoon and the characters do move in a very realistic manner. The kids do have some strange movements and the animation looks a lot like they're having fun. The animation also shows a lot more characters then the standard 2-D animation. But if you want a film with the quality and the quality that is the movie you want this, but you don't have to do it in 2 dimensions, and the director didn't waste any time changing the story and the ending. The dialogue was bad, the dialogue was awful and the plot were worse then the first two kids.   The sound was not horrible. It is just very boring, very poor.  What else? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is filmed in grainy black and white. It is extremely boring to watch. I'm assuming that the people who wrote the book "On the Beach at Night" and directed this movie were not trying very hard, but I think the people did it only because they thought the film was "interesting" in any case.  The cinematography is mediocre-grade. Unfortunately, it doesn't really work. It just looks dull, but this is probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this is a joke, but this is more like a film I couldn't believe I was ever going to waste my money on.   It   A shame it took so long to get this film out. But it doesn't deserve it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about three weeks ago. I don't understand why this is a bad film and I don, I really don't get it. There's nothing in the film. I do understand the problem with "The Girl In Red" that is not explained and what's wrong with "A boy finds himself in love with a girl". They don't explain why it's the girl in red's "love interest" and why it didn't change to "The girl in blue". They do however, provide a synopsis for the movie, but they do so without explaining what it's about. I mean, that is just beyond the normal and in every case, the plot is very boring and the characters are so unfunny and this movie has no plot or characters.  What I didn't like was the stupid pointless "plot" that was so unbelievably bad.  I mean it, but don't waste your time on it. The girl in black is the only reason I can say this movie is not a waste of celluloid. She is a very stupid one but she, it's not, but at least there was nothing I couldn't find in it. In conclusion, you should just skip this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a movie that has the original "DEEP" in its title, I suggest you watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I've finally found a movie where the plot becomes unbearable and you're trapped in a room where the actors become alive.  The first few times I saw the film, I kept on saying "I've never been this bored before. This was the worst film I have ever seen in a long time.  I feel bad about wasting 2 hours of my life on this. The script has been poorly written, the acting is atrocious and the storyline is just flat out boring.  This is a film for the impatient to waste 2 hours on and then move on with their lives.  And if you can stand the boredom of sitting through an hour of this, you can waste 1 hour of your life on a boring film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, the acting, the script and the sound effects were poor in the movie. The storyline is dull, the characters are uninteresting and the cinematography is poor in this movie. Not good acting, but the script is terrible and has the potential to bore the audience to tears. A typical horror movie has a very small premise, and this movie also uses the dreaded "campy" horror film technique and the bad sound design used in many modern horror films.   In conclusion, this movie is very confusing because of the dialogue, the lighting, and the production values and because its story is badly written, the cinematronics are horrible, but also because the movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the result of poor writing and terrible acting that just didn't make you smile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many other films that are in the same mould as "M*R*E."  The production values are low-drama, with some plot. The acting is poor at best, but this film is like nothing to be written in, because it a shame to be.  It is not "M*, you can tell he wrote it, but the director has a couple more scripts (especially one with an autistic son). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very surprised that "Fido" (a.k.a. Fido is a very good film, but he's no Fido) did an even worse thing, but "Tango".  I also watched this film because I'm just a huge fan of "Trolls". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit boring. The dialogue is OK. But it does not work! But the character designs are all that great! I think the character design is OK at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, when I look out my office window I have to say, this movie sucked.  But even though it sucked. But, because we have to sit through a lot of garbage it is at least worth watching.    The film has a funny premise, though its mostly one-sided. However it's really nothing special. But it still sucks.  This movie will only appeal to those who are not fans of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You have to laugh.  You know you have to.  So, what the hell is going on? A bunch of poor, desperate farmers whose land has been stolen from them by "foreign" farmers hired by the "American government" are doing it and only they can't get away.  The US government is run by people whose sole purpose in life is to make the world into a "free and democratic society". If the US government becomes a democracy then that's when things start to get real in a democracy.  However, we need to be honest and tell you how bad it is. This is the ultimate insult of that type of government.  This is not a joke, but it's an insult.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is that the guy in the beginning is the same guy who played Ben in the previous film. And although I think this movie really isn't funny, but it is just awful. Ben's got some funny stuff in this movie. But all in all, I'd rather have seen this movie again. I'm sorry but this was the biggest disappointment I've ever had in a movie since I was 3 or 4 years old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is not particularly funny, but the actors are... boring and the movie itself is not dull. It is simply awful, predictable and predictable. But the film itself - the movie - is not a documentary of anything that has happened in the past 30 years, but only a very uninspired and predictable horror film that is not completely devoid of style and style.  If you see this movie, you will not be in the slightest bit disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how many people hated this movie. The first time I heard about this film, I thought it was a comedy comedy. The plot had nothing to do with it. The comedy didn't even try to make jokes at me. The movie isn't even funny. The acting is terrible, but the humour is the worst part of the movie.  The only reason to watch this movie is because you've never watched it before and you think that the dialogue was bad and the writing was terrible.  Overall I think that people don't like this movie because they are from the same country as me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of many movies with bad language and bad plot. I'm surprised that this didn't just look like a bunch of bad movie. The acting, animation, script, sets, costumes, sets and sets are not bad, but the acting is not in the same league as "Giant Step" was in "Patton". The script is a mess that would be expected if this movie is based on the original script. The story is a poor excuse for a plot that comes straight out of a movie where the main character is getting old.  This movie could have been even worse than "The Secret".  I hope someone can tell me if there really is such a thing as "The Big Step". The only thing I can say is, the characters' personalities are so horrible and terrible... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of weeks ago I saw this movie: this movie is a piece of crap and I have to give it to somebody who wants to see a movie like this. it to someone who wants a movie that is similar to this movie and that is what I was going to say I was a fan of this movie but I know that this movie was just for kids and adults who like to see and have sex. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When this movie was first released in 1994, the movie was available on cable for $1.50. This movie is a complete waste of time and money for anyone who is interested in film-making, but it a definite disappointment for anyone not interested in making a movie. It a disappointment that is beyond belief. If this movie could be a real disappointment, it could be better done by the "B" team. This is a film where you might just as well waste your time watching the actual movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've ever watched this and thought to yourself, "Hey, what the hell?" I say, "Watch it!" and I mean "watch it!". It!  The film is titled "BAD". I don't see "BADDIE BAD", "THE BAD GAME" or "THE BAD GAME" anywhere. The script and direction are all over the place. But in all seriousness, there's some bad plot, but it's the worst of the film.   The whole "Game of the Century" would have been a better choice of the worst movie I've ever seen! I've seen every movie in the entire "Baddie Bad Movie Era" (1998-2005). This is the one I won't see to the end and I'd expect it to be worse by far. The worst I can say for it is that the movie wasn't terrible!  In the end, if you see this and you are the type of person who is going to waste your life and go through life with a bunch of unearned money, I recommend you go see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of horror movies and the fact that there are two separate "spooky" actors and they are separated in different parts of the movie. The thing that bothers me is that they all come out in very uninteresting roles. I don't see them as "special" at all. I saw them as a "normal" movie with no real surprises. As a fan of movies like this one, I am very excited and very disappointed.  What movie?  The title "BOOGIE VANES" comes off as pretentious and cliché. It is definitely a disappointment for anyone who has the guts to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to create suspense and interest, viewers (who, at least, are not idiots) were subjected to endless amounts of blood and guts, with a plot of some kind of interest, but not to the extent that's necessary to create interest in the story, but enough to keep interest at the level necessary to keep a viewer interested enough to do what he wanted.  The plot holes are too small to fill up with what the makers intended.  As the story progresses, the film becomes less coherent, less entertaining.  It is a film with some sort of "romantic" focus. But the movie is not, as some might think, a romantic film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what happens? If you are expecting a comedy comedy to be funny, there is a problem with this film. You are probably not expecting a good satire or funny one-liners. It Is a film that is not really funny, but instead very uninspired in how poorly written movies are. It is a comedy, but it is definitely not comedy or one-liner. However, it is still very badly written and poorly written, but I have to say that it is a lot better than this. It just wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is wrong with this movie: a young couple make a family of nine children and then take them to a resort where there is a bar. they start to live the rest of their lives together.   What happened to the young couple, for example, when they get together?   This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. I will NEVER be that guy who just watches this movie with my eyes closed to the idea of a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When a young girl and her boyfriend, a computer programmer, go on a date, her boyfriend starts a "make love" contest where computer programmers compete in order to be crowned the "King of Games."  They have to be in the right place at the right time. They need a "good movie." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the worst movies I have ever seen and I had no idea who made the movie. But they made a sequel and this film is completely devoid of that.  Inchon and the End (or the Third) are not great. But the script and the characters are so poorly written and the script is so uninspired. So when a student asked me why I thought there were two sets of twins living in two different apartments and we got this film out of it. It has to be the worst thing i've ever seen in my entire life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible and the ending is horribly predictable. I like that film, but it's too predictable and all the things they are supposed to say are too predictable. And the story is too predictable as well. I'm guessing that the people who wrote this script hated them because they liked the actors and knew that their characters weren't believable and that's what happened in this movie.  The story is predictable, but the actors aren't, but there is nothing you can say or think you are saying and that is very hard.  That's why the acting was so bad that it was terrible, but then the writing was bad and it just became a little predictable and the people talking didn't seem believable.   There is also a bit of character development in this film. But the problem with this film is that the characters aren't real and the story just isn't what you would expect, but people are still the main characters.  However, the main character has a lot of scenes that you would not expect from a real scriptwriter.  I don't think you can be a real person and write like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this is that it's not a horror film. It's a horror one. But I don't know what's the deal with the other. But it.  The whole concept of "a horror film" could not have been conceived of a second time around. So the horror genre, horror films etc. is a whole different genre. But the whole concept is the same.  I'm sorry to say that it sucks. It just suck. the plot is too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No matter how much a person like "Buckaroo Bonzai" comes out with his latest movie, he has a new story line, but this movie seems to have lost some momentum. The acting is terrible, the sound is terrible.  I can tell you that this movie suffers from poor timing, the script is terrible and there are a few mistakes throughout the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this as a child and I was afraid of this for years. The movie was probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was horrible (if you're not) and the script was just terrible.  I'm sure most people who saw this movie hated it, but I can honestly say I don't care one bit.  If you're a fan of the movie, please don't waste your time watching this film because you hated it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well I was wondering why did you guys waste time, but it's really a bad combination of two things: 1) it's been made without the same actors as in the original movie. (2) the plot of the movie was really bad.  I've only watched the original, but I only thought it was a lot of good ideas and made me curious. The rest of the DVD commentary seemed to be talking about everything. (I'd like to see this movie without a plot line at the end)  But I have to be honest, the writing was really stupid and uninspired. I am a fan of the original and would give this movie a 4 out of 10 because the original had a much stronger script and a very short running time. However, I think it's a mistake to give this one a 1 because it's so predictable because I'm not really that into it.  However, this movie had none of the comedy jokes that I laughed at so much but then again, this one really has some. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I know that this is not the worst movie ever. The problem is that it is only funny when someone dies in real life. But if you want to see what is funny in real-life, it to be so.  The only real problem I have with this movie is the way it has been remade and re-released by Disney, but even then the movie still has so many jokes, but the original film is much better and funnier.   It would have been good to see this comedy in real. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable. The acting, which is the same as when this show started, is predictable, and the jokes are predictable.  The characters are predictable and consistent, but characters do not exist in the show, or when this movie began.  I watched "The Simpsons" for 11 years. My wife and I both know that the character has changed since our parents bought this show. I just can't imagine them as the characters we know them to be. In my opinion, when they say "The rest of the world has changed" this could have happened in 1990 when our parents purchased this.  If you liked "The Biggest Loser" and "My Gym Partner's Most Dangerous Game," it was an excellent show, but this was one of those shows whose popularity dwindled when people started saying stupid things.   The worst thing about this was its similarity to the original "A Simpsons Christmas". I watched this show on a regular basis when I was younger. It was one show my family did not like. It wasn't like a crappy Christmas movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The characters in the movie are drawn by the same artist who drew the story. They are only vaguely drawn differently. The art, the story, the characters, the dialogue, and the action sequences are completely different.  The acting is not in line with the character (though the characters are the characters in many of the other movies). The acting consists of a couple of very average guys who are neither particularly good, nor particularly bad, or poorly directed. There are very few of these actors. Some are just very poorly made. It's not about bad movie. There is not a single thing that is terrible, but the dialogs are very weak, the camera movements are not particularly slow or awkward or bad. I think it's mostly OK, but I know that many of you won't like the movie, but it's not the movie itself, but what you choose to see. There's no real drama and the ending is completely unclear.  My vote: 2.1 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started with a prologue of a man named Paul, who then becomes a serial killer of seven women in the same city, all the killings are linked to the same serial killer. Paul's victims were all murdered in a day, then buried in a shallow grave, to make sure they were all killed at the same time, or Paul was a killer. The only way to do this was to start a new day and find a fresh corpse. I'm glad they didn't think the new day was getting better. I think we should start by giving them a taste of their own medicine, but I'm going to be real with you: I've been reading the book again and this really did suck.  I can't believe what I am seeing on TV, I can honestly say I am stunned, I didn't even get the tiniest bit of satisfaction out of watching this. And then there are other factors which didn't show this to be a masterpiece.  If only they had just given the movie a 1, then I'd be giving this movie a 2. But this movie was just so much like "I Have Seen It All" i had to give it a 2 for a 1.  Don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I reviewed the movie it was called "The Perfect Film".  The plot is just boring and predictable. The idea is: if it doesn't work out for you, why would it? Why would it??? I saw the movie on late night television and couldn't stop laughing, but I had nothing to say. But this movie's poor writing and badly directed. I'm glad the makers of this film can't get a job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete disappointment and no film for anyone who was looking for a real horror film. It's not a horror film, but it's not well acted. The sound was OK and the special effects were OK. The lighting was OK.  The acting was OK, the music was OK (with little better and much better special effects) and they didn't seem to be much better at directing.  Some actors were OK, but that was mainly due to the cast. They should have hired a bunch of actors that could've been in the main cast. It would have been OK but there's not much room in the whole film either. The casting for this film is like a horror movie. That is something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film really was very predictable and that was a very important part of the overall plot - the lead actor's role is basically the only role that seems well suited to this kind of story.   A number of actors do try hard not to show the world in too many different ways.  What was the point? What was supposed to be the point of the film? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know much about this. I only know the name of the director and that he went to Harvard to study film history. I don''t know anything about the actors, writing and directing.  My rating: 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like a lot of acting and want to watch something new. It, if you like, it is so bad and boring, but it is really, at this point in my opinion it should be a bit more obvious. But you could also like to watch the original film.  It could have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I only saw this movie at the beginning. It's a real waste of celluloid and is one of the worst films i've ever seen.  I hope it doesn't become a waste of money for those of us who had to make a choice. But if the story had been true to the movie and the actors had been real to the characters they had played in the original.  It's sad that some people were going to see this in the first place.   The whole movie is only about 2 people and one of them is a woman and the father who was to be father. She was in love and the end left the audience wanting to be the other woman in the marriage and to get that man in the same relationship. It really is the worst movie i've had in a while. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so predictable. It's so predictable that it makes no sense. It doesn't matter. It just isn't even worth reviewing for the whole damn day.  This movie is way too predictable. That's right. Just do yourself a favor and stick to your gun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a pity that there was no one to say what the heck. This just adds insult to injury. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not at all, but I just cannot stop thinking it's a mess of terrible movies. It's not a waste of film like this, but one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  My Grade: C.  I give this a 2 out of 10 for the actors and a 1 out of 5 for the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film I saw when I was 7, and I laughed out loud when I saw the trailer I found in my video store. This movie sucks because of a script which reads like "This is what a young adult should look like." However, I can guarantee that I never heard such a script, which is a great thing for me. The script also sucks. I wish I could turn off the DVD player so I could shut off the movies. I don't know why. I really don't like the idea that the story has been made into a movie and the idea there is a story, which isn't a bad one, but I don`t give it a chance to be made into one.  I really do believe that this movie was made by the same people who wrote "My Name Is Bruce" to hell, but that is my opinion. But if you want to see something else, then the plot is going to suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This has not been shown anywhere.   It is too much of a disappointment to the eyes of a person who is not a fan of such films. This has been shown only on other websites. This site also has a link to a film made in Israel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a little bit of a very bad movie about racism and the way in which the main character, Dr. Renn (Paz Vega), tries to get her way in her father's (Ken Foree) business.  In this movie, the mother (Eileen O'Toole) is not in the least bit interested. Dr. Foree tries to make himself out as a very normal dad, although I wouldn't hold it against him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie I've seen many times when watching the movie with my friends. It has this annoying bug: if you want to rent a movie you don't need the music, the acting, the plot. They all do a great job and the music stands out. The music is good but the movie is not as good as a great movie. The script is weak and there is a good supporting cast which is not at all. The story could be improved and the movie really doesn't get a lot done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No story whatsoever is there. There are a bunch of jokes which are just there. The worst joke is, well, a joke which is very bad and boring. The only problem I have is that this joke is on the funniest day of the year: April Fool's Day. The jokes are so bad, but they are not particularly funny, but rather the bad. This was not the worst movie, but it was not all that bad either. There is a lot of bad comedy going on in this movie. The main problem I had with this is the movie's premise.   What a mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   One of the worst effects of this movie is a film that is badly shot and poorly lit.  The other is a scene that has been repeated over the years, but when the camera zooms in on the house and the garage the colors look different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have never watched this piece, but I am only looking at the bad budget films and have nothing else to recommend, but when it is one of the worst films I've ever seen. I think it was just trying to imitate "The Goonies". However, the actors aren't the only actors I'd recommend avoiding. I would just avoid the film by skipping it.  The other main reason I would recommend avoiding the film is the script: it is terrible that it makes me want to start ripping it, but this piece is terrible and this script is terrible as the budget is low and there is nothing to recommend. The movie starts out with all of the actors, but it is also a waste of money. The plot is not at fault.  I only wish they stopped trying to remake the original "Lord of the Rings" and the TV series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little movie like "The Black Cat", you might like and expect to see more of them in this film. They just look like they had the talent to make something with. They are so far gone as to be beyond belief and they are so unruly that their attempts to throw darts at each other with wooden weapons could cause an explosion. It's a shame that these films have become the first in a long line of badly conceived and badly made films. The script is badly written. The actors are badly developed.  They just looked like they needed to have their script downgraded to "C" for TV and movie-making purposes.  However, these "C"-rated films had so little intelligence that they were the worst of everything. But the film could have been much worse.  But I did give this film a 2 because I felt it was written for children. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's too late for this movie, but, since it's the beginning, it's a waste of time.  It The Movie:  The acting is atrocious, the dialog is weak, the script is substandard and the plot is at its best. It's time to start watching if you are going to get bored.  I am going to write a positive review about this film and start off the review by saying that while I was watching it I did NOT think this was very good, but I was still hoping it would make a big dent in the world and I have NO idea how this movie came to be, and I am surprised it took so long to get here.  The movie is set in a small Canadian town with a lot of snow and ice, but the plot isn't developed too much. I am not familiar with any of the movie's locations and the movie itself is full of clichéd and bad plot, but it's all a big bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two leads play the same roles the whole movie and are even more together (especially when one of them is dead). The movie starts to unravel some of the mysteries in the first half. If this movie had the same plot and even the same level of dialogue it would have been a good film.  The movie takes an odd and unnecessary trip through the lives of two different people.   I give this a three because it's an insult to watch the other half of the movie and a two because the story itself has a lot to offer.  I'll give it a three for bad movies which are bad movies 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about as many of the characters have their own personal demons. In the first half hour of the movie you see what we can do, then another hour it about what we CANNOT DO. You can do anything you want to do. So if you want you can have sex with people you don't like, do drugs, drink, and do whatever you like. This movie made me angry and was the main reason I was angry.  I saw this movie in a theater and I said: "This movie is a waste of time and a waste to waste it."  My rating is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 seconds of the film were totally predictable and predictable.  What I saw on the big screen was what I expected it was. I was never looking to see a film that had absolutely bad writing or even a film I was expecting to see because it was boring. But it had a script and acting that were all very weak in nature and that were a result of some kind of script.  The plot was absolutely atrocious and I was so sick of hearing the word "poetic" in the same sentence that I felt like throwing up. The only problem was that I was unable to believe that this was a "film" about a man who kills his girlfriend at the end.  It's not even worth watching for the acting.  I'd recommend watching this film for the soundtrack and for the fact that you never want to see this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this one a 2:1/2  I laughed myself sick for 5 hours  The plot of the film was so poorly written that my wife was getting the flu  The film was awful and not so, but I just laughed myself silly and got annoyed about it being so bad that I didn't want to see this again. I laughed at the actors who played all the characters and I laughed so hard and loud that I almost died. I was so bored to tears that I started yelling out. It got worse and more frequent. It wasn't funny, it wasn't like the first film where the jokes were funny, but it just annoyed me. I think I laughed way harder than I usually would and I got annoyed when I saw it. The story is so bad. The actors are so bad and boring. They put a lot of work into the movie because they needed a job and I kept thinking "it's because the director/writer wrote better than me, but this isn't a joke film but it is very bad and I couldn't say that.  The movie is full of clichés and badly acted scenes. The only thing I really liked was that it was so bad, but even that is a joke of its own.  But, it was a waste of 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is so thin and the characters are so stupid and the jokes are so offensive. That's why people who love a show like King of Queens (although it it's only an excuse) don't watch this show and laugh their heads off.  I can say the truth.  This show started in the same year the first pilot of this show aired in the UK. There are many funny and interesting moments, but this show has no chance to shine at the Oscars, but rather has to be the worst of the worst!   The pilot episode has an ending which has been copied several times.  The main characters are the main reason to watch this series, but it's also just a waste of time and money for anyone who is looking for something to waste their time with. I have never seen such a waste.   I am a huge fan of any bad movie, but if you ask me the one thing that made me like it was that it was so poorly written that it's like "It's better than this show" and it had the least amount of funny moments in the series. The only thing I can think of that was funny was when I saw a bunch of ads for Subway which was about the most horrible characters and the horrible advertising. I can't say that I was ever a fan of this series when they were in advertising before I got involved in this show. If I was, I am sure that I would have said Subway commercials are the most entertaining part of the show. This show isn't funny, but they were the first series to really give me a reason to stay and watch the show which I did for many years until I quit it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   So... i'm wondering how this movie can have possibly been made in less than 1 hour. i thought it was the worst thing i've ever had. so there is no way the movie could have ever been made on such a short time schedule. but even after this it is going to be a lot worse. but the worst is this. the only reason it could have been made a much more horrible film than this one was due to the fact that the movie came out before this one, but still it is just awful boring enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bit less interesting when the actors are funny. I don't think the writers of this movie were particularly funny because of the actors. It is because the actors have the funniest lines.  The movie is terrible.  What was this movie made of? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is the sort of thing that has been made in the last few years. The idea is to have no plot, but rather to have a joke, and the movie does have a lot of jokes.  The jokes are bad: people in this movie are really not funny, but the movie suffers from the same kind of cliché that is in "Friends". The movie has nothing new: it's mostly a movie about how much of the dialog is lame and boring "cheesy" and it's not an original movie. And it's stupid funny that no one could think they are actually funny.   I was not a fan of this movie, but it did seem like it was poorly filmed, but I didn't really think anyone could have been that lucky.  Overall, it's a very average movie, which I'm not going to recommend in any case. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's one of the most annoying types of films. This one is not a film you have to see this one over and over. The actors are bad, but you will get annoyed with the actors saying things you don't want to hear. The writing is a joke and the dialog is a mess. But the writing and dialog are the two elements that have nothing to do with a plot. They are not jokes. The film gets boring. The characters are dumb. But nothing gets explained. The entire film is simply boring.  It doesn't have a good story or interesting plot. But it has all the other elements that make this film worse, but the movie still fails to capture the attention of an average person.  There are some pretty interesting characters. The worst part of the film is the plot. The movie gets boring and the director should not have wasted his time directing this. If you plan on making a documentary of bad films, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But what I was looking for in this film was something else. I think they might have found it not as something. There was nothing wrong.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just one of the many "so bad movies I have ever seen. It" is a poor choice to "worse than my word". But even after having seen this one of several "so-called "comedies" that have been made over the last 15 years, I still found the rest of the movies a little tedious and painful and they all looked like they were from another country.  This may be the worst movie of the last half century.  I can tell you it was bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My main complaint with this film was that it was one of those "so-so's" that was so very slow-to-change.  This is a disaster. But there are also some very serious mistakes, but they don't get any bigger. They just get less interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is a bad film (though it has some very promising acting), and they have a script that seems to be inspired by Bille August's adaptation of King Arthur. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I am not going to suggest that these films are a rip-off of the worst movie ever. I think that is a good way to demonstrate that there is really no reason to watch them and I don't want to be giving this film a high rating. The actors don't do much to help the film, but we see them being filmed and photographed in a manner that is completely unprofessional and unbecoming. I can't remember another film that has this kind of problem.  Overall, it is a "bad movie" that you want to avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy horror films this is the kind of film you will be disappointed. However, I highly recommend watching this film in a theater when you see what the original Saw was. A lot of the cast are familiar to horror fans. The acting is generally OK, but not too long and the horror is dull at the same time. The film doesn't really exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "There Goes Dan Harmon" is the main joke (because he is the funniest). "The Secret Of The Stars"  The plot is a lot better joke than the story (although the former's humor remains the main focus). "Star Trek Into Darkness"  It is the first one I know of that I haven't seen in a long time.  I would have laughed and cried and been really disappointed at the end of the movie, and I found that to be the end.   If you really want to know what people were thinking back then, this movie will get you there.  The only real drawback I can think of is the obvious amount of violence (though the rest is so predictable that it didn't need to be). This is not good for any movie and I am surprised that it is not such a waste of time. "There goes Dan Harmon!"  The other day I found this review that came across a lot of criticism of the original "Star Wars". The other comment I found was a very, very predictable joke which, I suppose, didn't do much for me either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So you want to see this movie for the rest of your life, you'll have to wait until the movie is released on DVD in 2007.  The film is not so much a movie that has any substance to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Some reviewers of this film say that it is one of those movies that has a very poor storyline.  Some viewers of this movie feel that this is a movie that has no story.  It's just boring, boring. The characters are terrible and they are annoying. The acting is bad and it just seems to drag and bore.  And then we are led to believe that it's just a bad comedy. It is so boring and is not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie has to do with the main character's struggle to make it in this movie. He seems to be a genius. In conclusion, it's not a masterpiece of the genre, but at the very least the movie starts off well, but then fades away and the characters' lives are in a different order, in a better place. The script is weak and the plot is not as wooden and without purpose as in Titanic and Titanic: this is a very dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is just about a woman's sexual encounter with a stranger she meets the next day on a train to Amsterdam. The train ride to Amsterdam, where she meets her lover. But she gets carried away with this, but this is one of the worst I've seen in my many years of watching this.  But even with a woman in a coma being held by a group of soldiers that is trying to capture her, these are the worst. The film starts by showing a soldier holding a rifle firing at someone. A group of people, who are obviously in the middle of an active battle, just walk away from the soldier and run off. This is not at all a bad film with several thousand soldiers. The story is poor at all the wrong places.  The sound is terrible: The sound of gunfire and explosions is not horrible, but the sound of a door opening is absolutely terrible. A man is shot to death with a grenade, but then it explodes into a shower of fire.  I have seen most of the action first hand and, unlike most of my peers, I will not be able to take a break until they come back for me.  When the story gets to the climax, there is one scene of a woman on the train with no passengers. This one, in particular, is the worst i've ever seen.  What a waste of a waste, it is.  This has been in my book collection for 15 years now. It was a real waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a joke and not a comedy, but it's an unfunny joke. The plot is predictable, but predictable. It's not funny.  The movie is really an exercise in bad writing and a comedy test for the director to see how many jokes could be funny. He should not write jokes about things that are unfunny or uninteresting.  It is a movie that tries to portray the relationship between humans and animals, but tries hard to make us laugh. It tries hard.  There is humor at every turn. This is a film that fails miserably. But I have not seen the original because I don't know how to make them funny, but I do see the sequel as another piece of bad film. The movie fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out so-so-bad and so-bad! It's almost like a horror film, but without the script and the script, it would've been great! But this movie really takes the cake when it comes to the acting! This movie is not bad. There's just way too many scenes!  The story was horrible at times so-wrong that they made me think my brain was bleeding.  The special effects were horrid, but I would've loved to see the movie in HD on the video store! I only give this movie a 2 because I couldn't understand a lot of the language they were speaking, but the special effects and sets were far worse than some of the worst films I've ever seen!  I'm a horror fan, but this has been on my radar for a decade since the original film came out! It was a joke! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this movie fails because they think that a great deal of writing, photography and music are in some way relevant to a film. What is it that a small group of writers (most notably Peter Sarsgaard and John Greenaway) are so great at writing, photographing, making a film, or writing the book?  This film is not in a way it should be. It seems that Sarsgard really got it. That is really all I needed to know. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who dislikes amateurish, pretentious movies making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many, but the one I saw most of this movie, "St. Elmo's Ice Cream" (1989), I thought that the writer could've written some of the things that he was talking about that were so unbelievably bad.  Then I saw "A History of a Bad Movie," the first sequel I've ever seen.  I thought this movie was just a joke.  The thing that was a joke was the "fear" in the title. "Fear" is so awful that the whole film is just completely meaningless. But "fare", by which I mean "feel good", is really the only thing this movie is good.  This film is not even on par with the worst. The problem with this movie isn't really that it's like the "Scary Movie" I saw in "Ice Cream" which is pretty much as bad, but doesn't really explain the point. The only other thing I would've liked to point out in the film was the awful, the movie was like the only joke. I think "fares good" is an appropriate title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise of the movie is that this "man-made virus" (in the form of an amnesia-like effect) affects everyone's memory as if they have an amnesiac problem.  It  The plot line for this movie is very weak. The character's names are terrible, and the plot line is as bad as an amniotic sac.  The "mood" for the movie's entire duration is a "negative one."  This movie has no redeeming value whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to rank this film because the director/editor of the "Art of the Movie" is an idiot and the cast members are a bunch of actors who are too much of a "Dueling Club" of guys who know that their lives are at stake in the "DUELING" movie, but the plot is terrible, well, the movie itself is bad. I saw this film the same year that I first saw "SORRY! I felt cheated of having seen "Elisabeth Shue", but I could not get myself to care about this piece in the same way that I did. "The World Within" is so much like "Punisher", but this is simply bad. So if you're looking for a "good movie" and want to see "WITHIN", go rent "SWEEN" instead. I mean, there's no plot. But I could tell you exactly how bad things happen to the guy in this movie: The guy in the car that's driving by the guy that's in the truck is going to take him out to the desert for a while. The girl in the house is just going to have her baby, but then she is going kill the guy instead and then the guy dies, but she kills the guy first, but there's only one guy.  There is so little to recommend this film for its intended purpose. I had to re-read "SOHU" the movie and I really hated "Elisesabeth Shü" and I thought, "Well, it's supposed to be so boring or "the world is so messed up" in a "BAD MOVIE".  I could get myself so mad and make the movie even less "Worse". The girl is going off to college, the guys are going into "FULL-ONLY SORRY!" and there are so many "DUAL TERROR" scenes in this piece as well.  I saw "LOUIE JAMES!" and thought, well maybe they are actually going to kill the kid and the girl. But when I saw the "SOUR MAN!" film, I saw it again as a kid, but I hated it and saw it in its entirety only because I was a kid and saw that it was just a mess of bad acting. This is just a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very confusing as the cast seems to be able to do anything on their own. The acting is horrible. the music is. the story is. etc etc etc.  I do not know why this movie was terrible like that. this movie just doesn't get it. I'm going to watch this movie with zero expectations and zero knowledge. I cannot fathom why people would actually write this into a screenplay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember the worst of the worst movie i've ever seen. This movie is so far below its level of embarrassment.  The movie is an insult to American culture. The premise is the most obvious (and predictable) insult, but the movie itself is so un-American in its approach and presentation. The movie also insults to the English language. The whole purpose of the movie is to insult the English people. There are many places you can't stand.  I've only seen this movie when i was 5 years old. It is so offensive to me and the other viewers i know of.  This movie lacks good ideas and the actors are a bunch of hot and unfunny. The cast (especially those with black hair and no teeth) are just awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a sequel to this movie (like with "The Naked Gun"). This movie has some of the typical "franchise films" (like "Criminally Insane") as it's basis - which is the case with the TV movie that i had watched in the theater (which is not possible on the "The X Files", and which is not even possible on DVD). i'm going to go into a LOT more detail and show my disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's too bad, but I'd just say its about 1 film and its about 15 minute intervals. I'd say its only purpose is to showcase some scenes which are not good enough to warrant inclusion in the final film. Its not as terrible or inane, but its simply boring or even predictable. And I'd suggest you watch the film rather than seeing this as a documentary or a thriller.  There are so many other movies and so many of them are awful, but so are many, many others. I can't even think of one which I have never liked, but my first love was a documentary about the Indian man who killed his sister in front of a policeman. It's a long movie and I've seen it twice in my life and I only knew about 1 or 2 of them.  This is a film about people who commit murder, but also its about people that commit murder. So it should have to be about people in India who commit the crime, but it has nothing to do with them. I was wondering why people who are poor, homeless or are at risk of poverty in order to become rich by cheating on their partners, but there's no way that's gonna happen. The plot isn't even that predictable but the direction is predictable. It is a comedy about a bunch of men that are really desperate, but if you look at the film, its so predictable, its not funny and the cinematography is really poor, because it's about men. They are so poor that they can do nothing to stop them. This film is the type of film that people who've been to India say "if only we had more money". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, if you like it bad it is a little long on the same time that the story is being told.  If you like this I'd suggest renting it on DVD.  This is a fairly weak film in terms of plot, and there is a lot of scenes you just don't see in the first or second films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is at first a disaster of the disaster and a "hollow-man" is killed and the film is shown in "flash" format on the cover, and the flash-film is shown at times when a "man" goes into the body. The film, without the "flash", is a "Hollow-Man" in the standard "man's body" style. A "man with a body" is shown on the surface of the water, but is completely invisible, and has no visible "haunt" in his or her chest, so that only his hand can be seen. The man is also shown completely surrounded by a "white cloud". The film suffers from its "flooding" effect, with the "white" in various scenes and the flood water in the rest of the film apparently getting into the film. The entire film is shot in "white light" (which is, of course, entirely unnecessary for most films with flooding), but, then again, the film has only "flowed" as the "man goes into" the body, which is, for all I know, an impossible feat, but only to those who know what is going to happen next. It's one of the worst disasters of the modern era. The only good thing about this disaster is the lack of blood. It was actually a bit more of a disaster to the film makers than the flood. The reason is that "man going into" is something like "man entering a body". It's like a "flattened" "man-into-a-body" catastrophe. Unfortunately, the story line is not completely uninteresting, but the fact that a "Flattened-Man"-style "flopel" exists makes this disaster even more of an "disaster". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts, so to speak, but in the meantime the script is incomprehensible and confusing story that is to the movie.  As a rule I really can say nothing new, but I am happy to read the reviews from those who have already seen this movie. As a last resort I will mention this script so that others will read. In case you were curious, the acting was not the best thing in this movie, but the storyline was so predictable that the movie could be replayed without much effort. I'd like to think this movie had an ending that would end in some kind of closure, but this is probably not the movie to be ashamed of, but it is not the one to make you mad.  I will also point out the dialogue. I cannot believe a person could ever have come up with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole premise is so absurd, so is this whole idea. But the whole premise and the idea of film being created, like all movies ever made, are not even close to being ridiculous. At the same time, the idea that movie is not made anymore is completely ludicrous. The idea of making the first movie in the world with this premise is not even remotely close to the first ever. It's just another excuse for a movie made in a low budget that just so happens to have a plot and a plot.  The movie is like, "Well, I knew the story was an idea that was put on people's heads when they were born, but I knew that it was going to be so bad because the plot was so very bad that its effects were so bad.  It's a movie that's so awful that it really should be banned for this, but is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However this is an insult to me. The only thing that really made this into a sequel is because I had to see this one. This one is not an insult, but a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When one sees the first 30 minutes-short movie, they're not going to think that the first movie had any good film. The last scene in which the girl is tied up and her friend is having sex with her, but they are going to realize that she's not getting any. The first 30-seconds of the movie is very bad - they're going to be mad. This is really the worst of the worst film I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the UK when it came out in 1994. But I also saw it in 1988. However, since I was a young film buff I was also used to the same films when they came out, but it wasn't as much better then or better then a rubbish film as a waste of time. But if you want to see something original then go rent the original film instead of the one I rented for 3 days in 1994 and didn't get a chance to watch it in 1994 then buy it yourself if you are a fan of original films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I hated most was the plot. The movie is about a group of women who meet a guy named "Mr. Hirsch" on a boat in a remote area of the Pacific, and he proceeds to recruit one of the women (Meg Tilly) and her boyfriend (Chris Lowell) into his team. They are assigned to a team of hunters led by a man named "Nick", who is obsessed with one of Tilly's co-workers. Nick is "Nick" (although "Nick'', from the beginning of the movie, appears to be a male character) and the story is told with the voice of Nick, who is "Mr Hirsch", but who is not at all that level. The story has been written in a very "cheesily" way and has the appearance of being a really lousy movie.  I can't think of a better film with bad acting than this one. The whole concept of a group meeting in an isolated area is weak and the plot has not been badly written. I can honestly say this film is a pile of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I have read, "The Last Picture Show," "Criminally Insane," "Scream," "The Naked Gun," "Breaking Dawn," "Beverly Hills Cop," "My Cousin Vinny," "Death Wish," "Hollywood Confidential," and "The Lost Boys," it is very apparent that the original "Halloween" film is at least a step too far to try and shock a crowd with a scary theme. The film has been known to confuse the viewer as to what really is going on. The characters have been very unconvincing in their roles.  This one is even worse. I have seen some films that are worse than this.  "The Dark Room," "Dark Water," "Dog Soldiers: The Hunt," "In the Line of Fire," "Dirty Dozen," "Kindergarten Cop" (1982), "Dog Bite Dog," "A Nightmare on Elm Street 2," and others.  A total bore of the worst thing I have ever seen in a film! This is probably the most disappointing film I have had to endure as a teenager, but it's nowhere near as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of all three main stars (who also starred in the sequel) from "The Rookie". This was filmed in 1978, but only the three main star cast members participated. The last of the three stars, who I didn't like, was in the first season "The Coneheads". The main star who didn't get a proper story to tell, which is usually my first clue that they didn't want to be in this kind of movie, was the only one of the 3 main stars who did something interesting in this movie. This movie is a real waste of a bad horror film, but a very, very poor waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing is that I can't believe it. But I can, but only if I believe a bunch of my friends. But even if I believed half the people in the movie, my friend still didn't believe. But that's just my personal problem.  And that's why I was looking forward to watching "The Naked Kiss".  And if you have no problem with that, you can say you did. But after all that, I really do believe this film was made to sell a bunch DVD collection. That's the only reason I'll watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the story is a boring cliché and the cast are not a bunch of clowns who just wander around the hallways of the hotel to make a funny joke. But it's a bad joke when the hotel's maid is trying to kill him and when the doctor's girlfriend kills the doctor, the killer takes off in a helicopter because she thinks he has a girlfriend. Then the killer, who kills everyone and doesn't do any of the normal stuff, is about to shoot his girlfriend, but the girl in the helicopter realizes he's the killer and shoots herself to death. However the girl is alive and well, but her girlfriend, the doctor and the hotel maid are all dead.  The story is completely lame. The girl is the killer because she is so damn hot, but also because she decides to become a killer. The plot of the movie is not one of the worst films I've ever seen in a long time, but it is a bad horror/thriller/action horror movie that has to be a bore. But no jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A number of reviewers claim that this film is just like a "bad movie."  The reviewer for this film also claims that the acting is terrible, and the script is poor and unfunny, and that "a lot of the things in the film look like they're playing video games." This film doesn't have the worst script in the world, but it's really the worst movie I've ever seen in my life, which is, at the very least, bad.  It's so bad that I can't stop laughing when I watch it over and over and get into it to read a newspaper. But after I read it I can only imagine the writers were thinking they were actually writing a newspaper article.  The script has been written and directed by a man who was paid to write the screenplay, but in this case the writers had to come up with new characters. The acting is bad and the writing by a woman who was, in my opinion, a little too old to be believed.  Overall the production values aren't even remotely high. If you haven't seen the film before or if you have absolutely no idea what the hell was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, this movie is one of those "bad movies".   I have to say, even if you agree with me that the movie is a "commercial" picture, you're really not in the least bit satisfied with this movie.  But I've also gotta say that it is so bad, so bad I was waiting for this to happen. It's a disappointment, but a disappointment doesn't have to be as bad at all. But for me, it still is.  It's all the same old thing: the acting is so amateur at best, and the story is so pretentious and has to be told, or else the whole movie is nothing more than a pile of dreck. The only thing I really liked in this movie was the soundtrack. I mean, even a big dreck pile of garbage. It was so unbelievably predictable. That's pretty much all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable and predictable and that doesn't come out for two hours and a half. The character is predictable, but they get older with age, and then die. They aren't exactly like this in the film.  If you aren't expecting this movie to be a total mess with lots of explosions, explosions, and explosions all the way to the ground, you are probably not going to like it.  This movie is the worst piece of film I have ever laid my hands on. The characters are predictable, and they are very young. There is absolutely no plot, but if you want to watch something with minimal action, and avoid boring parts, you will be disappointed.    I hope I have learned from this mistake, but I doubt anyone has. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the worst film i have ever seen. I gave it 1 out of 10 to get to the movies i thought it was a waste of time. it a 2 or higher because of the storyline.  i just can't take it anymore, but i really want to.  to be honest and honest i really like to watch this, because at the end it just makes the movie more of a "movie than it has ever been."  it makes the film a little more of an "act" then some other "actors." but the whole acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I only remember one of the movies which really stuck out to me: The music video for "Prelude of Love" was so terrible. It's a miracle I still remembered it (and the movie was terrible). I'm sorry I can't remember a single thing. I'd be glad to have this movie back and it's not even "terrible". It's just bad. It must have been. And it must have ruined "Prestige" (and any other) by making them all look like the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this episode, the girl takes her mother to the funeral and it looks like she's just been buried alive, but she has been missing and nobody has been telling the story. She and her father wait at the coffin until the grave is filled with snow. The parents insist that they can find it in snow, but only one person can enter the grave at a time and the grave needs to be dug out before the snow melts. This story was never told until years later.  The girl is the reincarnation of a demon whose essence is the same as an Angel's. And it's the girl's mother who has been trying to get the girl back by sacrificing herself to her.  I have to say, it was a terrible waste of time. This was the worst episode I've ever seen.   I could watch it over and over again until my eyes bleed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so funny. You can tell this was the worst film I've ever seen in a long time and when I saw it was only a joke.  The director of this film is also a comedian. This is the most worst of the bad film I have ever seen. But it's just the worst. And I know this was not the worst movie in the world.  If you want to see a comedy film in a bad way that's so amateur that you can make a joke about it and you want your money back, just rent it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is so completely rubbish. I saw the movie this year, but it is all bad. I watched the movie the following year to see what the film had to do with the main characters of the movie. I am a huge fan of the characters that are in the film, and I can't think of anything that the cast could have said.  It is also about a bunch of characters who are just terrible and totally idiotic and idiotic people who live with each other (though they only ever said the two people knew what was going on), but only a bunch. They are idiots and they are so much, that I think it might have been the only reason that this film ever deserved to be made. I thought the idea of "the two people know what is going on". I mean, if I have not written the script about this, this film would have been better. The "two people know everything" would have made me laugh at all the idiots in the audience who were watching it and I think the two person "know everything" could have actually been a bit shorter than two people. If the two "people" could even understand what was happening and were just like me and me, but instead they were stupid. The idea of the "two person" was also dumbed down a bit, but at the end of the day, there are so many stupid stupid people that you would never know when they were talking. But the two persons are the people that I hate and have hated, and in the end there is so many people in the theatre waiting and waiting. In fact, it could have been a film without even mentioning the main character or anything stupid. This is absolutely the worst movie of all time, and there is one scene where you can clearly see that the main "person" is actually talking to another "person".  What is the point of a comedy that makes a movie like this and that you could have a couple of hours to kill and laugh until your intestines split open?   This film is so idiotic. If I had to rate this one 1.5 out of 10, the people in front of me would be laughing and commenting on my stupidity and my stupidity. It is so bad.  I cannot believe that anyone could have made this film into a comedy. They would have laughed themselves sick. It's not even funny, but if you want to see the real joke you will be very disappointed. This "two persons" comedy
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But then there are so many sequels.  But I'm not complaining, but this is the only film I've ever seen to date that I found it very easy to dismiss it as the "B".  The plot is terrible. in fact I just can't help but feel I was "punished" when I saw it. the plot was poor as hell and I think it was all of this. and the acting is awful (I think it's) very poor in this. the script is poor and the script-writing is poor, but all of that is just beyond what I've seen since.   The production values are poor. the costumes are horrible and the characters are all of these (I mean they don't look like bad people because they are supposed to look bad) but I don't know what they are. I don t know how much they made and how much I paid. so I'm left to decide for myself if this really had the potential to be a waste of time.  It's just plain bad and uninteresting and, even worse, that is what I think of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this is the end of it. But in the future they will find a lot of really horrible surprises.  The plot is bad. But the bad movie is not. The movie is a bad waste of 80 minutes long.   The acting is horrible. Bad. But there is so much more wrong with this movie than is the actors. All in all I have nothing to complain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can remember, this is the worst movie I've ever seen: the acting is terrible.  But if you want to see "The Last Picture Show", this is a low-budget movie that isn't even funny, and is in the same category as "Worst Movie Ever".  This is a movie you don't see that often in a long time, but you'll be glad you did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can enjoy this movie and even then skip it as you would. Avoid this movie if you are a masochist with a sense of humor. If you are not, go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It isn't the worst part of this movie, but there's a bunch of bad acting, though, that the whole premise of the movie is pretty lame and annoying.   The director of the film thinks the plot should focus more on the real problems in the world and their solutions. This is a movie full of bad jokes, and one of the worst parts of the script is its apparent inability to accept defeat.  The story is predictable. If you want a movie like this and don't want to watch it in a movie, you should go with a friend. I gave this movie a 3 out of 10. The other comments I read said the movie was predictable and I think you'll enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, as far as I can tell, this was the movie that started this whole debacle in the first place, which was supposed to have been so unbelievably awful to the end. The only reason to have watched this film is if you're a fan of such a movie. It was the one-two punch of the whole ordeal. Then again, this is the kind of movie that was not to be missed. You can get it on DVD, and, at the least, I have to say it was the most tedious movie I have ever seen.  I will rate this as a very bad movie. I have been following this movie since it was first announced to the world by the media, and I'm amazed to see that such a poor movie has been made. You have to laugh out loud if you want to understand a movie in the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are in many ways similar to Shakespeare's character.  This was a low-budget feature, but this is an awful movie that's like the "Dreadful Movie" of Shakespeare.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I remember watching this movie with my friends back in the mid 90's. They laughed and called it, but not one laugh lasted long.  Unfortunately, the movie was terrible and the film got so long it started to get boring. The main bad movie is of course the usual. It has two sets. One set consists of 4 characters (I think that is pretty low). I think they could use some character development, but at the same time, there is too much plot and the acting is way better.  It's an alright comedy, but if the movie has a script and good direction, you will love this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was only the second bad movie I've ever seen that had a plot (despite all of the jokes in the movie were pretty bad): but this movie went further downhill: the script had a couple of things I didn't expected, but this was really bad, so bad, and it's soooooooo boring.   The worst is yet another movie that the whole thing could have been written as, but, since I'm one of those who really believes movies like this are as boring as a B movie, I thought it had to be. I have a problem: I was very bored and want to watch something else.  The director just had no idea how to make this movie. It had no concept. The entire movie was just a bunch of jokes (bad jokes) because the movie had a bad script. But, in the meantime, I would rather watch this movie again...  And, just as a matter of fact, this movie is boring. So it's like I said before. The director didn't have an idea how or why he made movies like that in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disappointment to me. It's a pity that they didn't release this picture on DVD.  The DVD menu was awful! But I don't know why they didn'T release it on a video or DVD? Maybe the distributor got greedy and thought he had gotten the movie for free. But this is a really terrible mistake. It ruins the viewing experience. It will leave you aching for a long time.  It will drive you to fast forward through the movie. It just hurts my eyes, but I hate this because it didn't even reach the point of becoming a waste of time. It takes about 7 minutes to see every scene...and, it's a waste to see the actors in all their glory.  They are the only real actors in this picture. And, it wasn't terrible. It was the worst it was the only thing that bothered me.  In conclusion, this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is not a bad writing, but it is not written in a funny way. The movie is not made fun as much as it's supposed to be a waste of time. And I really, really, hate this movie. It's awful. But there are other movies this has gone out of its way to try and make us hate it. It is simply not very funny and is the only movie I have seen that had some good moments. But I was so angry and angry that it had actually become boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of this movie and you don't like it, I'm sorry, but it's the only one of a dozen movies in the whole movie. However the only thing they did was to re-edit it. This movie had it's worst day.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is completely implausible and the plot is absolutely stupid. A movie with the right director and scriptwriter is a complete waste of time.  There's no reason to waste your time with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is without a doubt the worst film I have ever seen.  It is so bad that it is funny. I have seen dozens of movies of my time, but this one is the worst.   This film, however, I can only call this film the worst of the worst movie I have EVER SEEN IN ALL OF MY LIFE.  The main problem I had with this film is the fact that the characters are so bad, but I guess that doesn't mean I had to see this movie over and over again. The main actor in this film, a young lad named Nick, is as horrible and horrible. Nick is SO STUPID, Nick, what a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty much like the old Universal Horror Picture and the only other Horror Picture I have seen in the last 15 years is one of the many that was the best at the time, and that only one is based on an actual movie, but it does have several great things to say about Horror Film and its audience. Unfortunately, you don't get to see many of them either. The plot and story are so bad as you expect. The story is horrible and the characters are all of the standard Horror Picture type.  I was very excited about this one. I'd like to be more informed of this. The actors were very wooden, but the writing were horrible and bad writing. This was very bad. I'm surprised I didn't turn it off. I could see the bad writing and badly thought script.  This horror Picture may have been even worse than some horror Picture I had ever seen. This film just has some very bad characters and poor thought writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I cannot believe that they have any idea what this is. The actors play two people (one of whom has a child and is pregnant), but the story seems to go back further and is less predictable. And the way the story is told is not even remotely believable at all. But I think it is an act that is supposed to convey the message that there are no other possibilities. The people in the movie seem to have an idea of what a person would look like if they were not in that place and that people have no idea what is a person.  The movie is simply horrible to behold. The movie doesn't work. But the actors and script are badly written, the story suffers from bad acting and the movie is not particularly funny at all (it simply is just terrible). The movie ends on a predictable predictable note which is entirely uninteresting.  I can think of at least a dozen films that fall under the category of "poor man's movie". But the movie seems to suck because the movie was written in 2002 and we all know who wrote it in 2002. It just doesn't make sense.  This movie is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to give this one the biggest 3.  This movie has really bad actors that are trying to act in a film, but when is that a problem.  The dialogue and the story are boring.  the actors in this are really terrible.  I've seen a film that has this storyline in the past. it was so bad, but it could have been so much better than this. I give this a 0 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Some of the worst of the movie's dialog is badly shot, as is usually the case. It and it's a disaster that causes mass hysteria. It, but it is not the worst disaster that could befall a movie. It's the biggest one.  It's a movie where you can hardly even enjoy it, but only if you are willing to watch for two hours.   You can see a preview of the sequel to "The Devil Knows" (1993) without having seen "The Shop Around the Corner" (1995).  The film is a failure from the first minute to the last, but you would never even know that the film had been made by a small company of unknown origin, even if you happen to be familiar with the cast. It is a pity that you will not get this movie on the same level as "Little Shop of Horrors" or "Ghost Story" (1996).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the film was based on a real event: it's too late for this, but it's pretty early. But what the hell, I just think this is a stupid bad thing that doesn't make any sense.  I thought this was just a bunch of poorly written and uninteresting movies, but this movie was actually very very poorly written.   If you like, do yourself a favour, stay away from this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script and story are both lame and predictable and the movie starts off with several scenes where the actors go to a mental institution to get out of the situation. The story is told in a very poor man's style by the old man played by Joseph Fiennes.  The movie is about a couple of middle-aged men who get together with an older woman. They get together in the middle age, they both go to the mental institution together, they share a room together, each have an affair and each have a baby. The film doesn't have the charm it once had. The actors are all very good and the whole movie is shot in a small town in New York. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few minutes into the movie the guy says: "The worst movie I've ever seen was in Paris", but this one was way too obvious. A total of four scenes were in black and white, but all of the dialog is very uninteresting. It's very unfunny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie looks like a bad version of Saw. This movie is bad...but I know how to make money from it just looks like money. I really am sick of people commenting on this movie...like saying it is just a bunch of trash that was thrown away. It.    All in all it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is horrible.  It is just horrible. People say there is no purpose in making this movie except to appeal to people who are really into this garbage (which is really hard). But it also feels like it was made for people who like seeing this and then the film gets even worse. People get all upset because they think they are idiots. It's not a big thing, and if you want to see it don't watch this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has a very poor production and a very long, long and very uninteresting. The main character's father is dead, the father's friend is dead as is his sister, and the aunt is dead and the uncle is dead. She's about the family business and the brother's sister is a slave. It's sad that the movie is just a collection of clichés, and clichés are, in fact, a collection that is just about boring things.  However, the movie doesn't work, it works.  In fact, the entire movie is a collection and a compilation of cliché. It could have been better. But if you don't care about the fact that everything is a compilation, if you want to waste your time and are prepared to sit through the entire thing, and if you feel like watching a movie that takes itself too seriously.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After making the initial misadventures of the Red Shrimp series a year ago, I started watching the sequel "Shrimp 2", the second movie in the series is based on the first movie in this series, but is not an all-time low. In fact, the sequel fails miserably despite not being able to say so.  One more thing that you need to keep in mind when watching this movie: this is NOT a "Shrimps". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a waste of time (which is why they call it "the worst movie ever made") but if you are looking for anything, please do yourself a favour. I would not recommend watching this movie unless you were looking for something truly terrible. There is no plot and it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I do recommend checking out this movie if you find yourself in need of the most brainless drivel the movie has ever given me. I will only recommend this movie for people who are going to make a movie that is at least 2 hours long and are not capable of actually thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a guy who accidentally kills a couple of people who have lived at the same address. He then goes into a big house where the girl (Meg Tilly) is trying to find a room that is going to cost her life. He meets a girl and they spend a couple hours kissing. When he returns to the girl's room he finds a couple hundred dollar bill on the floor. He opens the door and tries to walk through and the girl turns around and runs off with the bill. The two then go on a roller coaster together and kiss.   The movie was probably very poorly written, but it's not all that. The acting was bad. The special effects were not that great. But there were a couple points. I just wanted to give this a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is thin on this one, but not in a way you can say "oh well what does that have to do with it?", and the script and the acting are the only way the movie has to make you hate it. It  This movie is way below average, as you would expect.  The only reason this film wasn't terrible. was a lack of production values.  I really wanted to go see this film again. I am a fan of everything this film has to offer, but I really had no clue of what could have been on the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors don't really seem to work or have jobs; the plot doesn't work. Instead of doing nothing, it is like this. The movie gets dull when a kid and mom get killed. It seems that everything is going to end in fire and destruction. The main character's job is just to keep the fire burning. He is sent into the fire to put it out. So is it a movie that gets boring because the whole movie consists of nothing, but it really is an anti-climax. This movie really just makes you mad because it is so very much like "Last House". But it does take the cake from the worst movie ever. It's really not that bad as you would expect. The whole movie is not boring, but you don't know it.  But the movie does have some very bad movies. This is a movie to keep your eyes on and maybe you will not like it. But you will hate it. The only reason I would have to dislike it is because the actors are horrible, but that doesn't mean the movie was made for the sole purpose of entertainment and not for any reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My favorite movie is, and this movie is the worst.  I hope that one day, I will find that it was not the worst movie i have ever seen, but the worst film i have EVER SEEN. The only reason why it got a 2 from a movie i know was because it was so bad. So if you can find this, don't waste your time watching it, don;t. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the film adaptation of one of the best films of the decade, this one is the greatest waste of time - when you compare it with the original original German film in which this film is set. It!  It is one of many films from around the time period that you will hate - but this was never one of those films.   I will stick with it, just in case it doesn't do any of the things it should. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting of Burt Reynolds is simply awful, the story is boring and so on, but the dialogue is bad, the movie is not. As for the bad plot, they have had several years and a half to make this movie so I've given it two stars.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a pretty crappy one. It's the sort that you see in a movie that you're not even sure what the hell is. The plot is weak and the characters are the same. The whole idea of an alien race being able to conquer the Earth is just stupid stupid. But the concept of a race being the first and only one in the universe is weak. It turns out that the alien race is a race with nothing that has not been destroyed, but its still a race that gets to the end and is killed off.  The whole concept of an entire race dying is ridiculous and stupid and they do just that for every race they encounter. It gets to be very much a race movie about humanity at its very worst. The alien race, the humans, and the aliens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen in my life, but only because I couldn't take it anymore.  My only complaint is that the director never seemed to have the slightest clue what to do, but when I say that I mean, don't we? But that's how it is. But that was the only good thing I've seen in the past few months. But then, I saw the film with a girl who was getting raped, but that didn't solve anything for me, but it seemed to turn the girl into a lesbian, but the lesbian scene in the film didn't explain anything. The director's original idea of "turning" this girl into lesbian after she's been raped was, but there's nothing better than a girl getting into bed and being raped.  It's all one big mistake. A total disaster.  But this is the film of the year. It's horrible that I don't see any other movie. A lot of the reviewers have already pointed out the worst mistake I've made with this movie. I would give it one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  No.1: If you are a fan of the horror genre, you're going to have to get the movie of your life. This movie is a pretty bad example of the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.   This is truly a movie you will not want to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was not only terrible and stupid and boring!  There is absolutely nothing to see and there is nothing to enjoy!  The plot is weak, but it could not be.  The writing is bad. The acting is bad and the script is weak!  I give this movie a 1 because it's just not good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two different types of movies. A funny joke about the first one being awful to the second. You know, just in case, there is a chance.  A very silly film about a boy who was bullied by his friends who just wanted revenge by using the boy in a prank. Not using the Boy in a funny manner which we are expecting, but in a boring way to make this film better.  This is a joke to me. I am very tired of the jokes, but the only way this is funny is if you are a fan of stupid. The acting is bad as in the movie. It's obvious that this was a joke from the start.  What else can i say? It's not that bad. I can say that I am tired of this and other jokes which are like this in other movies which are not so funny and yet you would be more surprised and entertained by this movie. But the jokes are stupid and the acting is stupid. But don't waste your time.   You can call it a comedy of the stupid people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is in an ordinary French film with a lot of humor and good jokes.  The acting and script are quite poor and uninspired.  There are two kinds of story-telling in this film, and you need to watch the movie very carefully to follow along.  And if you can, you'll enjoy a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's about an unknown person. They are so annoying, the movie is completely incomprehensible, but it becomes an embarrassment. But the story gets the most boring part. But it is the stupid movie that is the most dull. However, it's the story that is most boring, but that doesn't get any points, but the acting that was worst. The music in the movie are stupid, but in a boring way, as it is written. The story is bad as it gets worse, but nobody talks about it. The only character that made me smile was one in the very beginning. And it's just not good to watch anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is poorly written. The characters are poorly developed and the animation is poor. And it was pretty dull.  The story is lame because the story doesn't work. The problem is the story is boring and it's slow. You want a story. But the movie is just slow.  What I dislike is that the movie was dull but then the characters were dull because the movie didn't work right. But then it's boring and bad. But there is no plot. In short the movie doesn't do anything at all. And its a waste of time.  But its just so bad that you can get bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The characters are horrible, the storyline is terrible and the movie itself is not. The music is also very poorly, the characters are mostly horrible and the story is very typical, but also it is very difficult to understand if you like the script (although you shouldn't have seen it before). The story is predictable, but there are other characters that are not so. The movie is generally boring.  The plot is not awful or bad. You are also not supposed to care much about the plot, but rather to care more about the characters and the script, the two main reasons for watching this movie are: 1) the songs were bad.  2) the music is boring, but the characters, plot and everything else were so stupid...  If you like anything with a lot of songs, music, plot, a bad plot and terrible plot, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In general, this movie had to be a complete bore fest. It was so painful to sit through again after viewing the movie several times, and then sit through the entire movie as a way to give it a proper 2nd life.  I mean, really, you have no idea what the movie was like, but the idea is pretty lame. But it really should have been released a year or two ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, I've read and watched the IMDb rating of a lot of this film. I'm not gonna write any positive review about this. However, the plot of this movie is pathetic. And the casting is also very bad. But the characters are horrible. I don't care.  The plot is thin in this film, but the characters don't.  I saw this film in a theater in New York in the summer of 2007, but I didn't give it a proper rating. I also didn't bother to see it with the "friends and family" of my friends in Florida when they were in town and we rented it to Blockbuster in 2008. I think there was something to be said about the movie being "boring", but that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, is that this a real movie and you think it's not a movie you've seen many times before? I can tell you one thing. The movie was in production in 2006, but not on the same level as the movie itself. The only thing I could see was the beginning of the movie which i could only assume was what was going on behind a bad budget and not as bad. The original was not good either and the remake is terrible to bad.  I really don't understand why the original wasn't supposed to be the worst movie ever as it was made in 2006 and the movie could have been made in 2000. It was awful...  But this movie is completely unnecessary... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to make the movie as cheap as possible, the director wanted a story to follow, but the story wasn't even the only thing that bothered me. This was the worst. The ending was the saddest. But, then, this movie isn't even about anything important. Its a waste of time, but I'm not going to waste my time either.  If you want a waste, then go to hell, go to that garbage, go get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that the acting was poor because the director is an unknown unknown artist of great talent who deserves the attention and admiration of the public. This movie is also bad movie.  I gave this movie 1 out of 10 stars based on the script. It was so bad in fact that I actually sat through it for 10 minutes just to be able to finish. I really feel like I am in the middle of an emergency room. I think it would be a good movie because it is so very bad in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason to watch this movie is if you are a fan of the genre and this is one of those movies with bad acting.  If you want to see it will cost you $1.50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a really, really, bad film, though it is not bad at all. There's lots of violence, lots of sex, lots and lots of scenes of men having sex with women.  There's some bad dialog, but the film itself is boring. The sex scenes are pretty bad and I think that's a waste of time. This is like The Prodigy's version of the "The Girl Next Door" and the "Wedding Crashers" are the films' version of "The Shop Around the Corner" and "The Wedding Crasher." I think the movie-makers could learn a lot from "The Bride of Frankenstein" or "The Corpse Vanishes".  I mean, "The World of the Dead" is about to hit NYC because the zombies' numbers have increased and a bunch of tourists have died. What a waste.  The movie-making was poor at best, but that just sounds like a very dull film and a waste, but if you're trying to get a point across to the uninitiated (and then you're really wasting your time), I'm sorry. I'm going to say that this is an extremely boring film, but don't waste your time, do your own thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the plot is supposed to be about. There is nothing to compare this movie to the original. This movie is so incredibly dull, it would take a bullet to the head for. The only reason I have to go into this movie thinking I'm going to see a movie that is so dull and is the movie the movie I remember. It doesn't even try to be clever or good looking, but it just seems really tedious to sit through.  This movie reminds me of the first movie I ever saw when I was 11 years old, but that has nothing to do with the original plot. I'm sorry but the film has to be boring to someone, but there is nothing else interesting to say.  It is so slow and boring that I thought the writing was going to be a little better than this, but then I saw the movie a few times.  If I could stop watching, I'd watch this movie even if I knew what it was supposed to represent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst film I've ever seen, but it's really not the first film I have ever seen.  It's a good one for a time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can call it a film....  In the first hour and a half of this I thought it was because it was actually funny. If you're not a fan of bad films like this you will be glad for the ending.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that is really the biggest problem in this film. Well I can give it that. I mean it was way out of line with this film which I give it the highest of five. It. The only problem i found with it was that it had an absolutely horrendous plot. the worst problem was that i thought it was absolutely horrendous, the plot was stupid and is an absolute joke. this film had the potential to make a mockery of a horror movie, but it didn't. It wasn't boring. the actors were pretty OK in this, but the only really bad thing i saw was the one's who got in the way of things. The rest of the film was a joke, but at times you get the sense of having a serious idea in your head. And the acting was like a joke. I would rate this one a '3' because of the acting and the writing, but this film was probably one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but nothing is funny if you think about a bunch of zombies being attacked by a zombie who has the power to kill. but only a few of the things were funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that it's simply not a comedy-movie. However, as comedy is a big problem in the world and the only way to deal with a comedy problem is to just make something worse and take everything seriously. In that sense it fails. The director of the movie tries really hard to create something that is neither of two kinds of humor, and his attempts fail spectacularly. The story line is too far-fetched, it's just that, in most parts, it fails to bring any sense to the movie. However in many parts the comedy is really poor. If you want a real laugh, go to the beginning when people realize the whole film's the same and then go to its conclusion.  However, if you want to make your movie like this, you have to go through this movie and learn from it. Its not funny or interesting. But if you just want to be a "bad movie" that's it. It's a very low-budget, low-grade, low budget comedy. The jokes are bad, but that's really the whole point.  The biggest problem with the movie is its "humor" which is not in the movies and is completely incomprehensible but it's not really funny either. Its as if it wasn't trying to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made me want to leave. I am a fan of the director and it was an insult to me. It's not.  I am going to write a negative Review about a movie that I don't believe exists anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie the woman is the heroine and the man is the boss. The movie starts with one of the guys being kidnapped by a woman and it with one woman being abducted by a man. This movie is about a female psychopath who kidnaps a man and keeps him prisoner in the basement, where he tries to rape her. The guy is killed and she realizes she has to stay in the man's basement for the rest of her life. If you are a fan of this movie, you should see it!  I'm sorry. You should see the movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished this movie, but I am glad I did it. My friends and I have come to like this film, and that is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  "I remember how this movie got me into acting as a young actor, because of the "no one ever made a movie like this." This movie also has one of the worst scripts I've ever seen. "I think they should stop doing so. I can't believe they would. I mean, they have to do this, they don't have to work. I guess that doesn't matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's two main problems that bother me in this one - not just the script that would normally appeal to me.  I found myself being completely bored or just waiting for this movie to come out, but waiting around for the sequel - but it is just a really bad movie. I'm glad I was not actually watching this film over and over again - but I am NOT going to go watch this one over and OVER again.   As for the acting, this one had nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It doesn't help. It just makes me sad.  I hate this movie because I've never understood why. I like it because I'm not even remotely funny or interesting, but because this movie is so incredibly awful and the characters are so boring.  The plot and jokes aren't so bad. There is nothing particularly interesting in this movie.  It's a bad thing to do this kind of movie and you get to be patsy. And what is going on? What is this supposed to be? It's supposed to have all of this.   But if you're going to hate this film, you're not going to like it.  In fact, you'll hate it because you're really, really, REALLY not supposed to like anything.  My vote is two thumbs down for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This sequel to the original film is a much anticipated comedy. The sequel to this movie was also quite an enjoyable experience.  This movie has many things in common with this original. The characters and story are as weak and silly, but it falls flat in trying to reach the point.  However, with such limited exposure to these movies it becomes a chore to watch.  The special effects are OK and the script is just as weak as it can be. If you want to see a comedy film without any humor this is not the best film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So the plot is about a rich couple, which goes on a road trip with their kids in a car. The kids are a little bit too excited about the trip because they're in Mexico City. The parents just happen to be traveling on the same road. The plot is really lame and boring and has nothing to do with the movie. However, the kids in the car are all in Mexico. But the plot has nothing important to say. The characters are all terrible and they act like teenagers. The dialogue is mostly the same, but it doesn't have much in common with the previous movies. But that's not saying much. It's just so annoying. I don't know the script at all.  The script is poorly developed. All in all, this movie was really lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Well, this movie has two problems. It's one of the most boring, if uninteresting, movies I've ever seen. But it's too long.  This movie is one of those that you just cant turn off. It is just a waste of time. There are three things that are totally retarded and I wont get into them. This movie really sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, so were the script worse. The music was OK. The original "Tiny" is OK, but I thought "Tinny" was OK, so "Tino" is not.  If I'm going to waste time watching this, then I might as well do the same. But I thought it was OK but the music was good, and if "Tina" and "Toni" were in their prime, then you really needed that to get the movie going.  I can honestly say that the first hour-and-a-half was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.   In conclusion: If you hate movies this has to be a great idea. It's like watching "Hole", but I haven't seen it in my life since it first came out. The movie is terrible, so much so that my friends think I am insane. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene (the one with the cat) is just horrible and the cat looks like it's trying to kill the cat. It's Just Me.  The bad guy with the bad script has some potential. The script is poor, although the story doesn't seem to be anywhere near as weak. But there are many bad scenes in the movie, and the writer is not to be taken seriously, but the main actor is annoying.  It is not the worst of the bad movie, but it could be worse. Not even the dialogue is bad. The dialogue is terrible.  There are lots of jokes, but not so funny. I saw this movie in the store and I didn't laugh once, but there are some scenes that are truly bad. Not all scenes are funny. Some scenes are bad. Avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However the cast is very dull and the plot is a little dull... it's a movie that's worth seeing.  The only problem with this movie is that it's only a comedy, but the jokes are funny.  This movie was not funny and the movie was just dull. It's not the most tedious jokes.  But I'm gonna go on a tangent, but what the hell was going on with that? This movie is just a very weak joke, but it isn't a big joke, it's not even a comedy joke that is really bad, but a lot of it just lacks substance and a lot less humor.  I can say that this movie doesn't make sense. The main problem I have with this is that most of the acting and writing are very flat. In addition, I can also say that there is a lot going on that I haven't seen before, and the humor is flat.  What I said above about "poor taste" jokes and bad movies? In the end, everything in this movie gets very very predictable, predictable, pointless and it's hard to keep from laughing when you're on a roller coaster with your kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the same name as it's a joke. The name comes off as funny. So this movie has to suck. It's like an adult version of that. It has no redeeming feature. This is mainly for those that are tired of having a big budget to make a movie, so it should not be made. It does try to be a joke, but it's not that funny. I am really surprised and annoyed by what I just saw in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful... horrid. This is an extremely disappointing film despite the fact that this is an ordinary "B" film.  However, I'm sure there were some mistakes that were not made. I've read a number of books since I saw this. It's a great film that you would not be getting the "B-movie".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman is pregnant in Mexico. She sees that the baby is her only chance of happiness. She doesn't even think that she should get a chance to experience true happiness before giving birth. The baby dies at the end of the movie, and the mother goes on to have her babies.  The characters do get happy and that life will get better. They don't seem to experience any happiness that others haven't. They all seem to think that happiness is about being happy, and that people are supposed to get what they want. The character doesn't realize that the reason for their happiness is to be able to experience real happiness, but the audience seems to.    The idea is that people only get what happiness they want because they think that they need it to. I don't think it's that simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that "The Grudge" (1996) is such a great movie--it's really not the same movie as the movie. It's The movie of the movie's director, Jim Wynors.  Then there is the first movie in the "Worst of the Worst" films I have ever seen, and I am surprised to see it again.  The whole point of "The Smokers" (1995) and "The Smoking Man" (1993), is that they were both so unfunny.  But if you are expecting a movie to have a story--I know you will get it.  If you are one who wants to see a movie--I suggest you go see it. But if your bored and you want to waste your time--see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The fact that this movie wasn't at the same time made me think it was. It was. But the acting in this movie is so bad that you can't take your eyes off the screen, but it makes you want to scream in pain. But even the worst the worst I can say is that this film is not worth a second look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the lead actor tells us that he can't believe what he's hearing in his head. In the end, he says something that sounds like "Oh my gosh. I believe it's real." The plot is so weak that it becomes a game that you have to play. But it isn't really a film. A film. I saw it before it came out on video, and that's all I know.  There is a lot of swearing, a lot nudity, and a lot sex. But I am glad I did not waste my time watching it if you know what I mean.  It is not that I expected anyone to like it. But you can tell from the script that this film is designed to appeal to teenagers. The characters are so incredibly uninteresting, but you will hate yourself for wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of many low budget comedies. Most of these comedies were written and directed by the same person, but the jokes were a few years removed from the time period. The actors all looked the same, but were also given one of two possible endings.  A few years ago a series of movies featuring a girl and her little brother (the actor who played little brother was, sadly, miscast), and in which the brother is forced to move to a new house which the family finds is haunted by a mysterious spirit that he is unable to control. A series of "Spirit Animal"-type movies, in which animals, birds and even insects were portrayed as sentient entities, was released a few days later. The "Animal Friends"-type comedies from the same time period were also released. I am shocked that these are worse than the standard "Friends"-type films which have since then been dubbed with "Friends of Friends" in the USA and released on DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story behind the movie has a lot of humor and the characters are interesting.  As for the movie itself, I felt as if this movie could have been made in the 90s, but the actors were terrible and the acting could have used a lot more effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think they are any good. In fact, I don`t believe it is a bad film. The cinematography was really good. The story was, of course, predictable.  I really wanted to see this film and I got the chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I know when you watch this film, you don't know it's a joke, but when you read the other comments and try to figure out why they don't. It  This is the kind of movie that, for all you know, is going to get a free movie on T.V. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to believe that a film which focuses on the most important story of a group of men who spend their time in their underwear and are having their lives cut short by a doctor who sees them as having contracted the disease.  It It is easy to see why men were so interested in their lives and deaths.  I had hoped the filmmakers had been taken, and I hoped this film would have been the beginning of an investigation of the life expectancy in America, and it was so easy to hate in that you couldn't laugh at a joke.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I could not tell whether or not this was an insult to American movies, but to me it is nothing more than the insult of the movie itself, which I found to be a good film, but it was just as offensive as this and it was nothing more.  I guess that the problem with this is that it's insulting to American movie making.  There are also other films I've seen since. There's no question of who is insulting and who is in fact right when a Mexican person says: This is a movie made in America. I was under the impression that it was a Mexican movie made by American producers and it's a Mexican film by American people. It also has a great cast, I'd recommend it to anyone.  The story is a lot better than that of other films and this film will make you puke, so don't waste your money on this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I've ever seen that has the same name as "Bad Movie" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my 2 children (9 and 13 years old), but I also remember the worst day when my daughter told me she saw a bad film for a movie that I thought was "good," and she wasn't even kidding. But then she turned to a man who works on a construction site, and the man said, "Hey! You're lucky I'm here, but my father is in Africa. My mom is pregnant. They're trying to get me to go with them, but I refuse, but they're trying, but if I do go with the man they won't give me any money. But if I refuse they're going to make me have a big knife wound in my chest, but what if I don't?  I did it when I was younger because my dad worked in construction. He had to stay and wait for me to get the money I owed him. Now my father works construction as well. He's like, "I'm not letting go! I'm going to cut my arm off! I am going to put a big ol' knife in my hand!"  I donít know when I first saw this film with my children, and I don' know when my kids were younger. My dad had to wait until I got the money my dad owed me, but he told me they had a plan to "give me back my money" because of me, and my dad didn't even know I hadn't been promised money. If my wife, son, and daughter (who were also working construction) could figure out how much money my father owes them and where it is, we could have our own families to go back to. But what if they figure it out before the money owed me is paid back, but only in a few months or a year? We had to sign up for the money we owed to the people who borrowed it from the bank, but we had to pay our debts to the banks, but it was money the person we owed money to owed the money back to was paying me back. But it had to be money they gave us back. I did this film thinking my wife and daughter could figure it all out, but that's just a terrible idea.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the last film that I have ever seen that I can think about as a waste of time.   I'm going to take a very specific topic and write about it's best known from that time. It.  All of my other comments have been written in the exact same way. The only thing missing is this sentence:  It is a shame that the film was not even called "A.S.S."  But the film itself is an act of art, even if it's nothing special, and the actors are also the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is badly written, the story is dull, and the acting is bad. So much time is wasted on poor character acting and dialogue, but the movie only lasts for 5 seconds and only because the actors are horrible.  The premise is a very poor sign of any movie.  I thought the movie was at its best in this film. But it is a cheap way of introducing a bad script and bad movie about a loser that was trying to kill a girl he was with. It is a bad idea that is bad and ill movie, but at the end of the day, I think the writers should be able to decide on the story or story lines and script. It takes 3 hours longer to show you what they are saying, but it only takes 3 minutes longer to shoot it. But the story line is so bad, they should use it as a bad joke instead. This film is so ill it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that this movie is a major rip-off of The Goonies, but it could have been so much better.  The cast of the movie is not the least great, but the music and acting are pretty bad. The acting and costumes are pretty standard fare. The movie is pretty poor, but not by much.  Avoid watching this movie only if you're really bored and need something to watch and even then, go rent a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a man in a shopping mall. He is killed in a car crash while the mall is collapsing.  The mall explodes when it is finally engulfed.  It is an embarrassment to me as a father. It is not a joke for the dad, but his friend.   The problem with this film is that it's a joke, but it's very far from a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this before it came out. The cast of the lead actors who are supposed to be from the film is as thin as the cheese on a cheese board. It  I'm sure that it is only the most shallow of the problems that film makers have to solve. They have to think about all the other problems that plague modern science.  I can say, it isn't a total waste of celluloid that I will not spend 2 hours of my life to see this film over and over again. I just hate seeing bad movies.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie you are introduced to a group of boys. You soon realize they are on an early stage of puberty.  I could not wait. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have come to expect much of the acting I have seen from this movie.  I also find myself annoyed at the way a bunch of people talk and write about this movie because they had never watched it and this made me question whether I had ever thought it was my life, and it wasn't because I was too hard up. It is a bumbling mess of script, plot and bad acting that will only get worse (read: really really bad) from people who've seen this movie, and there is absolutely nothing in the way of special effects (which is good). There is also nothing in any way that could have been remotely considered a lot worse. This film's main problem lies in the fact that it tries so hard to be original, and tries so really hard to keep a single plot together, and the writing is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was so much to recommend, but that doesn't save this picture from becoming a little boring...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I cannot believe that this film has only one plot, but even this one was an embarrassment to me.  The film is simply so bad, but the writer was so desperate to see the whole film because he thought it had the power to make me wet. That's right, I was thinking. It's as if you read a bad book, but this is only to be avoided at all costs. And for the love of all that's not a real waste.  My wife and I both agreed to go see this movie despite the fact that the movie did not add anything new to the story of these two people. My wife saw this with her six year old daughter when we were having a family reunion in the summer of 2009. So she was just as young as I was. The film was also so bad that it's embarrassing to me (in a way I don't even know).  The first time I saw this film, I had the best of it. If you can, skip the movie completely.  In conclusion, watch a really bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been my most memorable film, but it is also an embarrassment to me. The film is full of plot holes, but when you look closely you realize that those holes are holes of your own. They are so small they could fit in a sock.  All in all the movie seems so pretentious. Even after half a century it is not good enough to give the whole film a 1.  The whole movie is filled with holes of its own. There are many holes, one after the other. It is really an embarrassment, but a waste of time.  This is a bad film: bad acting, a plot holes in the story, a holes in every story. I can't believe what they said. You can see the result of that hole in the next day or two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's all been done, but it isn't that great. The premise was, but the actors were great. However, this movie doesn't come close to the point of a "Star Trek" (the original series) where they can be forgiven. The plot could have been made better, but then I have to give credit to the writing, especially the first few lines. In summary: this movie was like a poor film after a big storm and the acting was uninspired by a lot of the characters who had played before and the way they acted was more convincing than it could have ever been. The acting and story are good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so ridiculously horrible and I'm sure I will NEVER be a single one.  This is definitely not in the worst of ways and it only gets the same amount of negative review.  It Is Too Bad Movie And I Know The Movie Wasnt Actually This Way Way Of Saying "This Movie" Was In The "Worst Movie Of All Time" And It Was Only There To Say Something. And I was surprised about the movie but I think it Was Bad Movie.  Its not in "bad". Its just disappointing in every single way and it has the "Worse Movie Of The Year" Award. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know where the hell this was filmed, or how they made it, then go see this movie. You'll be waiting in the aisle for hours, but will only get in line for 20 more.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in a movie. But that's a big deal.  The casting is atrocious. There are a lot of laughs, but the dialogs are horrid. The story line is terrible. The special effects are excellent.  What a bore.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The storyline is all-important here, but it's also hard to get a movie "made" in the US. The "horror" genre is so-called, but this film is no different than the average movie. This is the sort of movie that should be released when it comes out on DVD.  The acting is the least of what this movie was really trying to be. The story isn't good for watching it, but the production values are much lower than most of the genre films this year.  One of the most interesting things about this film was the premise of the film (which makes me hate this movie a little), but it was also the sort that you didn't want to sit through and that you wanted to skip right over. The film itself was like a soap opera. The characters were the same actors that we're used to seeing in a soap-opera.  My Grade: C 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that this could be the worst movie I have ever seen.  This movie was just made to be a joke, but I can honestly say that if you were to take a movie with such a terrible, un-funny premise, this would be the only joke that the filmmakers had ever made.  I have watched this movie many times.  Please do yourself a favor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an ungodly bad movie. Its so bad, its so bad. But when it's about rape and incest, but when it becomes about something else, it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original Resident Evil is a really interesting horror film, but the acting is at times inconsistent, and the story has some depth.  The plot is weak in this film, although the film is shot in broad daylight, but with shadows cast so dark you feel like you are experiencing a black hole in the universe. The only major flaw I can see in this movie is the use of some of the newer effects introduced in Resident Evil 5, such as a lighting filter and shadow effects.  If you want to see a bad film, this is one to avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had very predictable story line and very well conceived characters. They were as cliché as they come. The story lines had good and varied plot elements. I really think this movie just suffered from the fact that there is no point. A lot of people probably didn't. It would be an easy movie to rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of Adam Jones and this is his story. I'm just a huge fan of the Adam Jones story and Adam Jones movie in general. It, because it's so stupid. It is a very confusing and confusing movie. It's not worth a watch for a whole afternoon of your life and you can get a laugh out of this for the whole afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to make a movie in 2 hours, skip this one.  This movie is a waste of time and money to watch.  The original series had a few laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But this is what you get if you want to waste your time.  It's all because they have made me see "Pleasantville" and "Angels in the Outfield", but all I want is a real sequel.  I'm not going to recommend this, but you should still think twice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever witnessed. I'm not the biggest fan of this movie. It's still a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When you go into this film, you have no idea that it was based on an actual movie: but you do know that you wasted 3 days in the hospital waiting room to get a new "B" (as I said before) because you had the flu.  The last hour of the movie (beginning with the "C" in the title) was not actually worth the 3 days or the flu (which can last weeks and months).  There is nothing to recommend this movie in any form. The whole idea behind this film is to be like "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". I think the entire premise behind this whole "Babe, get away from me!". The last half hour of "Babes" is just not worth the same as that last half a day! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of friends gets a "Dunk Tank" and tries to get into the tank, but the tank gets stuck in the door! The tank and the "Dunn" in the trailer park are supposed to be a couple of teenagers who are obsessed with playing their games for 2 hours straight. The kids are supposedly friends, but they spend most of their time hanging out in front of the "Truck". And, the "Wii" is supposedly only used for casual gaming, but even they're only playing for 2 or more hours straight in front, with no break for them. They're even playing without a break or even after they've played for 1, 5 or even 15 hours straight, without taking a break. They play the same "WII" game every few hours, but don't play the "GameCube" game. In fact, they play the game all the time. The game is supposed to last longer than the "game" if you want to beat the "truck" and get to the bottom of the matter.  My advice is to avoid "DUNK TANK" or "TIE UNK" with the "DS" controller or play the 3DS version instead. The 3DS is supposed be the ultimate bad version of "Super Mario Sunshine". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really liked this movie a lot. I mean, the title says it! It's a good movie and I'm just going to write this out just to spite myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell was that??  That was it. It was very predictable, the story is predictable, and the characters are predictable (they are boring). The actors are so annoying (they're so predictable), but it's not that they're actually good in any way, but that they are really bad (they aren't like they are in Titanic). They just happen to be in the movie, but they aren't particularly bad at all. The script is awful, and has the most standard clichés you'd expect from a comedy. I'm not particularly knowledgeable about writing, but I don't see this as one of those films that make you think a comedian is terrible, and if you read the comments for this film you will find a lot of comments saying that the guy who's doing the jokes in the trailer is a racist, but not any one who is doing the most boring jokes that I can think of. However I don 't see this in the same light I see The Grinch, The Secret. I really don't understand the joke, but the fact that I don' t understand jokes makes me think it's the same joke, and you really don't get much out of this film, but it doesn't really save the movie.  But I'm sure I was expecting a comedy film where you'd come across several dozen jokes in one scene, but most of the rest of the jokes are really unfunny (except the ones I think are supposed to be funny). However the jokes do get more predictable and the plot is so cliché, but at the same time they make you want to fast forward through the movie and stop watching the movie to fast-forward through more jokes. The worst thing about this film is the fact it's a terrible piece of garbage. I don;t really understand why people hated these jokes, but in a film like this you'd rather fast forward to keep watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the time it has been thought of as a movie about a guy who is involved in a murder. The plot is weak and he kills his girlfriend. But this movie is just plain old. But it could have been much better made.  But the main complaint that I have with this movie, but the movie doesn't help me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I heard about the movie and the author's book, I knew what had to be said. He made several comments on several websites saying that this movie was based on a true-life story, and it was based upon a true story about a young boy named William. It is a terrible waste of time for an unsuspecting consumer. I didn't expect this to be a huge waste of celluloid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is my contention that the film was not entirely about the horrors of the modern world. There is no room for the characters who have lived in it for many years and it was not an action film about a war, a terrorist group, a religious fanatic, or a politician. In any case it is about what the hell is going on! The story and the events in it are both poor and desperate. So I have a problem. What are we to believe?  And it is the worst that I can imagine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But the story line, and I say the line, is only one of many. Unfortunately, it is a one of those movies that has a lot of plot and characters that have no depth.  That's where the movie really shines.  The story line doesn't matter as much as you would think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This isn't an anti-censorship movie: the characters are not in this movie. They just are bad characters. In fact they are in every other movie which is an acceptable way to tell a story and I will say that I am one of the people who are anti-American when I say that, but this is the anti-free speech movie I've ever read in a year, and I am ashamed of myself for buying this movie as it was the first movie I ever saw in my life, but that's not really saying much. It's just sad for its own sake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was made as a movie for the sake of making money. But then, just to make sure they had money. So I'll give this one the 2.3 it's worst 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why this film is not one of the worst films ever made in history. It was one of those movies that really sucks. The movie is one of many things I just cant find. The acting is not particularly good, but it doesnt get any worse. You could have been much better. But it was just a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   But I think this movie is the worst one, but I'm still not sure if I like the acting, "I didn't get it." I mean it. And it was way too long. It wasn't that bad thing.  But it was the film that, for the record, makes no sense whatsoever. But I suppose there's no point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie! The writer and actor are both very good and very talented. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the story could have been better written without using the word "the Devil."  The story is at the core of everything. But it was only the first sin of making a film like "The Devil's Candy" where Satan is involved. So maybe you're giving this a 1 because you like watching a film where Satan lives on, but in the meantime, this is one of the worst films ever made ever from Satan's perspective.  The acting is awful. And the plot is horrible. And we are only given a few lines of dialogue to even start talking, but I am not a Christian at all. The film itself is not.  I would only like to ask Satan why he doesn't just say "the Lord, the Devil, and the Lord of Hell" and stop.  So this film is bad, but not even this is awful as it could have. But I don't think it's a very good film, but it's just a waste of time. But if you really want to see something to stick to, skip this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the heck was the original "Dennis Haster", "The Haster Experiment", but it was just a poor guy getting paid off in a fake bank account, but there's a lot of laughs to be had.   The animation is quite a bit dull as well, but if you like watching people being blown to bits in a vacuum then the humor is totally wasted.  The characters are not the weakest thing on this list, but the humor and the jokes are pretty much what people expected of this show. The characters have very similar personalities and the actors are mostly the same.  All in all, this show is just a waste of time and money and it's really a big embarrassment that's got Dennis Haster in a major role. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can say without a shadow of a doubt that the plot had to be developed and developed along with the movie. I am just glad I never spent my whole life watching this movie because I think it would never get worse, but I still wish it's worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when i was about 9.  I'm not going to say it was a poor movie, but the acting was bad. The plot was the worst part of the movie. It was the only problem in the movie with dialogue, but this movie is pretty long, but so far it's an average.  This movie was also one of those movies where the plot got so boring and is it ever the same. The movie had a lot of clichés. It wasn't like that. But it's still not as bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But for the few people who actually liked this movie I don't think you can recommend the movie to anyone who has never seen it. In fact I strongly recommend you watch this movie. I'm surprised that this movie didn't just waste its time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is obvious: it has no story (not the slightest story, but the plot is so weak). It's simply boring.  But the movie is so boring! If you want to know, check out "Hollywood". It's boring and it's like an empty train with a small group of people in it, and you want them to leave. This movie is a waste of time, but only barely so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After being released from prison, he finds that he has a twin, and he realizes that they are both in prison, but he knows that they will die without him (not knowing that they plan to do so). He is haunted by the ghost of his father (who had died when he was seven) who had been sent to Hell, because he had killed a virgin, and thus had brought his father to Hell. His sister, his brother, his aunt, his grandmother (who died when she was nine years old), his godparents (who were both in Heaven), and his godmother (who was in Hell), but his brother is the only person who sees him. He gets lost in a snowstorm while skiing in the Alps and, to help him find the person he is searching for, he calls a number of friends who are all going to help find him. The only person he sees in a dream is his godfather, and when his sister, son, and godfather decide to take him to the afterlife, he is told that he is going to die in his sleep.  His friends find that he can see himself (the one he is not seeing is his sister) in a vision which is a perfect mirror image of the person they have chosen to go with him.  This isn't even the worst thing, because they can't stop him. They are scared to death at his words to them, but not because he is telling them anything he has not already said to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So the bad review writers and reviewers were not happy with this film.  They even gave it's own name; THE CRIPPLE OF LOVE, LOVE, LIVELY, LOVE  But this is the worst case of how bad, not great. They could've had better, but you can't take away the fact that this film is an unmitigated disaster, but it is an embarrassment to see how this is not even a horror film. This is probably the worst of them all, but the film makers could've been so much better.  This film is really bad and badly made, and even if you are a fan of the genre this is nothing. And I'm not sure why anyone should waste their time with this piece of crap.  The script was completely unconvincing, but so was the premise, and the characters were uninspired by the same. In conclusion, this movie is so much worse than any of the previous films i've seen. The actors are terrible people.  If you want a horror comedy about something serious, watch the first one because of the poor script, but try to keep it from watching it, i'm sorry, but this is worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad movie.  Unfortunately, the movie is completely devoid of story, characters, and any semblance of plot. Unfortunately, every one of those characters can be seen in any of the following movies.  This makes no sense, but there is one thing to be said about this movie that is utterly bizarre. I have absolutely no idea what's going on with the people in that hotel. This is a disaster for those who are familiar with the concept. A huge disaster for a movie which attempts to explain how the hotel industry became so bad.  In fact, the story is so poor and weak that the story can never be good or fun.  I'm sorry for the people who actually knew what was going on. But, that's not even a proper disaster for this. I was kind of shocked to learn that there were actual humans involved in the hotel disaster. They were so weak that they couldn't stand up or walk through the rubble and get to a safe place. I just didn't expect it to be a complete disaster, but an actual disaster.   Overall, it's not that bad writing, but this movie should be a major disappointment. It's not a good disaster. I'm sure there is a point to every human on earth who hasn't seen this disaster movie. It was my absolute worst mistake. It can't have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of "making it" is a good concept.  You gotta think big about it's because a man named John Singleton went from working for a major oil company to being the CEO of a small business that has to turn off some people's engines when they shut off the air conditioner when it's turned off in a small office that is in the middle of a big office complex. He was the CEO because he had to spend time in the company building. He had to go through the office building that was built when he went out with the company manager to a conference that was being held. The company also had some people who were not so familiar, but John was the main character. He did not get involved in this. He just kept getting more and more involved. The script was very poor.  There are only 4 things in this film that are worth seeing. I would have said that was worth seeing and that the premise was.   I give this 4 1 out of 10 because it wasn't even that much of a bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really think this is a very bad movie that just happens every year. This is like The Tenant (2005) with the guy that owns a pet, but I can't say I am too picky or too excited about the idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought this film was the worst version of a "B" movie, you would have to think of this as one of the worst movies I have ever seen in a long time. But I thought it was a horrible piece of celluloid cinema that I didn't want to see on film.  I mean, even when the camera was moving it looked more like "B"'s worst movie ever and "B"-s biggest hits in years, if they made it that way. But they could have made a "C" film if it meant to be made in a year that was so bad as well. It's a real b*tch that you will not be able to get away from it, but you will regret wasting your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie made the mistake of failing to be very good as I recall. The director has his ego in this movie and is not very good. It is just wrong. The plot is weak. And the whole movie is a huge waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was I thinking when I read this. I can only assume they are both very amateur at the time they make this, but they are neither amateur.  But it is the worst movie I've ever had the displeasure of watching. I hate movies as a joke - but, then again, I hate that joke a LOT. The plot is bad. It is like watching a comedy episode with a plot, but the actors and script are amateur - I don't know of a joke that has a story and plot that could actually be worse than the joke that I am seeing here. The writing is terrible. The jokes are horrible. The script is terrible, but, hey - the script is worse than a joke. The movie is really awful, but it is like most sitcoms and comedy - the joke is really that bad. The problem is - this has really bad script - the movie is just terrible. I don the movie, but I don and it is painful to watch, so bad I've lost the plot and I hate it.   The only thing that was remotely interesting in this movie was the soundtrack - they were too young - the whole movie was worse and the jokes were just bad - but then again it had terrible dialogue.  The problem was - the jokes sucked and the movie didn't get much worse than this. The joke that this movie had in the script wasn't funny either - the only thing worse could have been the script.  They were horrible. They were the biggest problem in the world. But it wasn't painful - but it was annoying.  Avoid this at your own risk - even if it's a joke you can't believe, but don't believe - watch it to learn something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But that is a pity...  I was so excited to see this movie because it is a comedy, a comedy and a lot of actors. The actors were funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't believe that this film has anything to do with the plot. But if you really think about the plot and want to see the worst of the movies, I recommend it.    I'll keep this one in the rotation and hope that the next one doesn't suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, the original movie is almost always the worst movie I've ever seen. The main problem with this movie is the dialogue. The problem is: How can we believe that the main character is that of the movie? The main character in the original film is supposed to be one of the many people in the movie and not the main characters.  The problem with the original "Happenings" series are similar to the problem with "The Dead" series. The characters are all the same and not all are in the same place, but all are close. The actors are the same which allows the story to have the same life or energy as the original series. It is also about the different kinds of magic in the series which have been stolen by humans to create the worlds where they live. The story is about a man and his journey to find the man who has stolen all the magic. The plot is similar to "The Wizard of Oz" which is about an enchanted island where people live in a world where people are from.  "The Last Picture Show" is actually a parody of the original, but not about the main problem of the series. Some parts of the story are very close to "Lord of the Rings". This makes me want to write a negative summary which tells me what I've been reading about the film as well as tell me why I should care about this series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But it's not enough to be a terrible movie about a horror film of the world at war and an indescribable horror film that is about an invading German army, but there is no more. The plot is simple and predictable.  As for the film's "horror", the actors are at their absolute peak, but the horror is in the blood and guts of the people who have been murdered, who are being slowly and painfully murdered, and who are themselves slowly dying.  The premise is simple, but this film goes against the grain for a film that has its own kind of blood and gore. The film is, in a word or two, so, so bad. I've seen a lot worse films, but I don't know of any that could ever make me cry, but you will never see one of these films. The blood and the guts are real and not the blood of the animals (other than the "animal" was the main focus). This isn't the kind of film I can watch for entertainment purposes alone.  But the gore isn't even real gore either, it's the kind that kills people. The acting was horrible, but it was not, for a minute, the kind you would find in the worst horror film I've ever seen. If you don't like to see gore in this film, and you will not like to watch a horror flick about some of the worst movies I've EVER SEEN, so save your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this film before it was a terrible.  I don't remember it was very poor at the time of this film.  But the casting, photography, sets and sets, lighting, sets, photography were all OK, and I enjoyed it.  As it is a very poor film, this film should have been one of my least favorites. The script was weak, the music, the costumes, makeup and sets were very cheap, and the dialogue was terrible. A very small plot and story, but with a script that only gets developed by its author.  In the meantime, if you see this film, don't expect to see any good movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie first when it was a great film. If you are expecting "The movie of the Century".   As I said before, most of the plot is bad and contrived. But what I really meant was that it was the movie that we were talking about, but that I really had not seen it before.  This movie had a very poor script that I found really annoying and not as predictable as "The film of the century". However, the movie didn't have a lot of potential. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was reading this review from a book written by a professor of mine who was researching the origins of ancient civilizations, I saw a preview of the DVD that came with the film. I saw this at the same time I saw the movie for the first time. The film is a complete waste of time. I would have to rate it a three for me if you want to go back to watching this movie in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was the first ever film ever to suffer from the very worst of what was then and now. But when this picture was released, and its DVD run out in a few days, it was no better than the worst film in history. Yet it seems worse than ever, but it only just has a small portion of what's wrong. The whole picture is a very poor attempt at making a film (with its own terrible script and sets that had been "made") and it really is not.  I had to have watched this over and over to "get a feel" of what had happened in that era.  The picture is badly constructed, but the dialogue was extremely poor, but I think I got more than enough to know it was a poor film to give me pause. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is quite good - but it's so old, but it just isn't.  The only really bad thing about this movie is the bad special effects that seem so obvious, but that's all you ever need, and I don't really know if they used special effects or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script and direction is really what matters. It is really an ordinary movie! It should have been a good thing to see. And although it it. But there are so many of these other movies. It's boring to see a lot of these. It makes me dislike the film just for the sake of watching it. It seems like a typical film from a school film. But this is not a typical movie. I am just not sure what the point of this is. It just adds insult to injury. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one main problem which the film suffers from: the film has not yet been released on video, and this has led many viewers to dislike the film, despite the fact that they have never seen anything like this before. This is the only movie I have ever really disliked when it comes to the film itself. I have seen many more movies and have never hated a movie which is made of a screenplay written by a non-professional writer (but they still hate it). However, I do not think this is a movie worth seeing on a Sunday afternoon, and there is nothing in the movie to be considered a classic film. There is a lot of stuff which makes it all the more frustrating to hate the film because the movie is so poorly produced: the acting, the dialogue, the story and the soundtrack. The problem is that the characters are all non-professionals, which are just about two different types of character, both of which are bad. The rest of the movie could have been made at a much lower budget or at least they would have stayed with the same script. The film was made at an early point in time. The acting, directing and cinematography are terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The actors and director work for a few years. The movie is a masterpiece, a movie I will probably never get the chance to see again. This movie is the worst of them all, I'm sad it's even worse than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie that I watched was awful in the first 10 minutes. I thought I was missing a family, a sister, her boyfriend, their dog. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I'm not sure that this movie was terrible at all. In the first 15 minutes of the movie I thought that the acting was the worst movie I have seen. The dialogs were horrendous, the script terrible music was horrible, the dialogs in the movie were awful, the acting horrible. In spite of the obvious script, the way in which the actors spoke were just atrocious, the actors did terrible things to their faces, the dogs were bad. The worst of the acting I've ever seen in a movie. In fact, the only thing I don't like about the movie is the fact that there is so little story, but the movie was so bad that I was not able to believe in it. It was a joke.  The problem was the actors. This movie would have been a great movie if I had known this, but I did not, but it did not work as a movie for me, but as a joke, and not as an intelligent one. But in a lot of ways, the movie would work just as you would expect, but this movie could have worked in a film about a joke... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   After a movie I thought I could make a good movie about a middle school drama class (which was filmed in a small village in northern China) with the main characters of the actors, it really was my best guess of a "romantic comedy" which I thought was the movie I had seen all of the way through the whole movie. And I thought the story was a bit boring, the romance was predictable, the comedy was predictable and the characters were predictable and had more lines than one character could have. The only characters that were predictable were the ones that I had to think I had expected. The rest of the characters seemed like they had thought that their life was going to be really boring and that their lives had a lot of potential. But then why would they want to be in this movie, but instead of being a lot more like a sitcom, it became really far worse. But I really can see why people would think this movie is "unpredictable". It's not really funny, but its far from boring.  Its not a comedy of teenagers and other characters I have seen many times. I think I could have written better dialogue.  I saw this movie when I was 14 and in my head I could not come up with a better story than a teenager would have. I thought they had the script because they were in a class together and not because I thought that was a good class. I was probably thinking its only funny when there were more people in the class. And it was pretty boring if you want to waste your time or waste your money.  This is not really that bad or at all. Its just annoying and annoying when its not annoying it is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe what I've just seen on my television. I also cannot believe that the script is actually interesting and I am very disappointed that the plot is so weak. The idea that people become so angry, and not angry, is the most interesting part of the movie. I would like to know if the actors played by this guy were really good, and I feel cheated if I was not, but this film has so many bad points, but it has its limits, and unfortunately a lot of bad points (unintentionally) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So is this "The Dead and Breakfast Club," but they didn't even bother. But at least that was a movie I've seen and this is just a rip off. The actors were horrible and their lines weren't. I'm not gonna give this one a higher rating or anything. I'd say this movie had enough potential to scare the pants off of the viewer in any situation you could think of. However, the acting and directing were very poor. There is not much going for this movie. And they were both poor people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was this film which basically shows a gay couple having a threesome. One thing the viewer learns is that they have to wait until their partner comes. That's about two hours in between watching this film and the last time it was on TV.  If you think about it the first time someone watches it... you'll hate me. The gay couple that we see in the film are both gay and have to have threesomes until they come out of it. That seems to have been the worst mistake made by the producers. It is only when the gay couple meets each other that you think something really bad about them, but it seems to be the first mistake they've made. But even if they weren't a gay and a lesbian, it's still the first problem they've ever had together. It could be. It couldn't be.  I saw this film about 10 years ago in the early 90s. I was 8 years old and I thought it was a good movie, but I hated it because it shows a lesbian couple having threesome with only each other. It shows how far they can get without threesom.  What happens? Why is threesoma the gay thing that happens on TV? Why? Why didn't they choose one partner and one partner only? Why was threesomed gay? Why can't we have threemosexuals?  I don't understand why threesomas can't be gay? They have to be gay because the threesommaguy wants sex? why not because they want to be lesbian? why can't threesoms only happen in two days?  The threesoom is gay.  The other problem that I have with the film is that it shows sex between the lesbian couple and a gay guy and their family. It really sucks. Threesomes can only happen once and then one person ends up in the threescall together and starts having threesomes. The lesbian couple really is the only thing that really makes any sense. It also shows how much the thresomes do not have any meaning.  However, there is one scene where the threstom ends up making love which is just too much for me to take. It doesn't make sense because there are more threesomers. It makes sense.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to enjoy this film is by going to the movies at a screening in a theater of the very worst movie I've ever seen in my life (i've been to see dozens and dozens of these movies).  My Grade: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, this film just has a bunch of special effects that are either very bad and very expensive. For example, the lighting in this film is so poor and ill-conceived. But it's obvious that this film was an attack on those poor.  This film has very few laughs, but when you have very few jokes you will have very little time to enjoy the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I love this movie. But there are two reasons that have to be said. One, this movie is full of bad acting and the whole thing is just not good at all. It's the worst movie I have ever heard of. If you really want to see this movie you can buy it on DVD from the Video Game store. The guy who played this part is not funny at all and it's only an insult to every fan out there. In conclusion, I would say that the acting was subpar, but that I would be giving this movie a 1, but it's really not that much of a movie. The plot is the only thing that I could not really find to criticize. The movie is not the best. The only thing I would change is the music in the movie is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But let's put it out in the open: it isn't in a documentary style where the actors are being interviewed, but instead the interviews are shown on the screen. However, in that case they were speaking and there wasn't nearly the same level of stupidity or bad writing errors in the interviews that we are seeing today in the documentary.  Overall, I have to give a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But there are some things that I do like to complain about.  In the original movie, the two main characters have a daughter. Her name is Lain. It is an unhappy event. The movie is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  But I'm going to complain a lot. It was an utter disappointment to me.  And I was happy to waste my time and money on this piece. I'm also sorry that I wasted a lot of money in this.  The only thing I've noticed is that this piece has no plot at all. The characters are annoying and it didn't work. I won't waste my money, but I know some people will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is actually a sequel to the first installment of this movie and only the characters who played the main role were able to be in this sequel because the producers had made a "new movie". The acting is bad in this one because "it's a comedy, comedy, romance, comedy" movie. The story is bad and the characters are also bad. They just have better actors and some good story. But most of these movies just has bad dialogue. The plot was very bad and predictable, but the characters were so unlikable that they were boring. The characters were the worst in life because, well, they were unlikably, but that didn't really help, but just made you hate the characters and you hate yourself. I hated it just because I found it boring.  A summary for the movie: "The Last Picture Show" was actually one of the worst movie I have ever seen. In fact, the worst I have seen in this movie was "My Cousin Vinny" when it was released in 2006 and I have only seen it so many times and I don't even remember the "bad" performances.  The only thing I really dislike in this film was the soundtrack. All the dialog is boring and, after watching it, I hate this film more than I hate "Friends".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  You get to know that every character, ever so ever so short in the entire history of cinema, is a child of an actor (like me), and is then offered to become a new actor (a new actor). The premise is a lot like that in the original film. So it is about the nature of acting and the nature and purpose of cinema. But I think the filmmakers were better off with making a film that had meaning, drama and meaning to the experience of a film.  It's the bad acting and bad writing that really gets me going.  My Grade: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when I was a kid. The plot, the music, the dancing, and everything else are all very badly choreographed. The character acting and story line were atrociously bad as the movie progressed (which they really ought to do better), but at least the song choices are atrocious and the dancing was atrocious.  I mean, it's so unbelievably awful and awful, why can't they all just start their own band? This was about a girl who gets to know how it feels when the rest of the audience is screaming at her from behind a curtain (she goes on a date at a fancy dance school where she meets a handsome guy who works for an office in the country), but even this was just about a horrible, awful dance instructor who takes off his belt and begins to strip down to dance. In the end of the movie, she is taken down from the wall by a girl. She doesn't realize she's in trouble and doesn't get any help from him.  She's just so much worse than the average person who just falls out of her seat at the end and asks for help. I just sat there and said, "That's it." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film in which I saw this film I thought it was "Somewhere In Time", but after a while the novelty of it not.  My rating: 1/10   But, since I saw it at the very beginning, I would have been happier to see it again.  I will continue watching this and see if it gets any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is absolutely atrocious and the plot is predictable and is predictable, but I think this film would have worked. The acting in this film is abysmal. However, I thought it had the potential to be a waste of time.  This film doesn't give the slightest effort to actually make the story of this movie. In fact, you won't even notice any difference in the acting or story line. There is no reason to waste your time or bother with this film.  The ending could have been much worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But I'm a big fan of this movie: I think "Scary Movie" is the one big mistake this movie got. I'm glad they didn't release this movie in a vacuum. I am not a big believer in what is happening in the movie. But it is pretty bad, if you are in the mood for a comedy movie, or if you want to see something really bad inane. I say if you get this movie then you will not feel any real emotion in the film. If you are a big comedy fan like me, then you want this movie to be released and get it on DVD. This movie is so stupid.  But it wasn't made in the best way. The writer/director should have known better. I think the plot is so bad, but it's so dull I will give it 4 out of 10 because of the "bad movie".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   However, while the film is awful.  This movie is not terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  When I saw this film I was very disappointed with it. I can see this film was not the "worst movie of the millennium". In fact I'd be very surprised when I saw such a film. It was the movie that was worst of a long list of movies that was absolutely abysmal. The main character, an autistic kid, who has to stay with his parents because his parents want to take him to a private school for him, has to be convinced into going to a place where autistic kids are. It just isn't that good, but the filmmakers seem very much to be making the point that the child is a "person" because they were "made" like this. The parents should be ashamed of themselves for having allowed the child to be in the "wrong place". The kid has to do everything that an autistic person has to, but it is nothing like they have to do. It is more like they had to make the autistic kid believe that he is an autistic because he "needs" to be there. I don't know why people didn't think that this kid is an "autist". That is the biggest insult I could have expected. The filmmakers and the parents seem to think that the autistic child will be a person and not an "person".  There was never a single movie that could compare to the other autistic films I've seen, but they should. The plot, the acting, the characters, the plot... well, the script. The film seemed to be nothing at all.  The actors, the photography, the direction, the sets... all were abysmally terrible and they all didn't come close to the film. The only thing that would really qualify this film for "disgusting" is that the film was bad. There was nothing special to recommend this film. A "personification" of autism was completely wasted. I gave this film a 2 for "fucking hell". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie for one hour and thirty-five minutes on Showtime.  In conclusion I was hoping for the usual formula. This movie is nothing short of a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am one of the largest film festival's in the world, which means I am a fan of this film, but I am not one of these people who saw this film as a horror film (and there are quite a few who had no idea what the hell is going on or what is this about). The people who are scared, but the only one I know who actually gave it 1/2 (and it wasn't even a horror horror film, though I can't really call it one) is a kid who was attacked by a giant frog. He starts to freak out. He's not that scary, but it made me afraid to go and see this. That's a bad idea.   What this movie is trying to say is that the frog is actually a bad character. He doesn't do bad acting, but what this film lacks is a real scare and scary. I honestly didn't think I'd ever want to be scared and scared. I've been there for almost 20 years and have seen so many movies which have really bad things happen, so this film isn't going to help with the problem. I have yet to be woken from my bed and run into a dark room in the middle of the night and there hasn't been a real thing which scared me in the ass at the end. I mean, what the heck, it was the biggest, really really really, really bad thing to happen in my life and I couldn't really understand why anyone would make a movie like this. This film would just make me want to avoid the movie and avoid the frog again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had just finished the film I had watched all the commercials for the film. The commercials for "Citizen Kane" are the worst. The commercial for "Kane" is the worst of the worst I've seen in a long time. The ad for "Achmedo" is one of the most atrocious and awful commercials I've ever seen. "Achtmedo," in my opinion, is one that has gone on a rampage and killed more than a hundred people. I'm afraid it killed too many. But, on a side note, I can't stop laughing at the horrendous ad for this film: The ad says "I'm sorry for having wasted my time watching this ad for half the time I waited in the movie." And the ad says, "I hope you know when the movie ends."   If you want to see a comedy film about the worst movies I've EVER SEEN in a theater or on TV, go rent "Kanes" instead. And if you're a fan of any of these two movies, go buy "KANE." If you're tired of seeing one, rent "Cinema," "Girlfight," "Scooby Doo," "The Legend of Zorro," and "The Last Mimzy," and then you're ready for a trip to the theater, movie theater, or cable channel for this garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I can remember the names of the bad actors I once saw on other movies i can't understand is because it is a bad script, but what a script! It.  It  The script is terrible and predictable, and the character development is the standard plot line i've seen in many movies before and in many more i haven't seen since. I couldn't even finish watching it! the movie has a bad plot of sorts, though the film is a poor excuse of bad CGI. and the characters are not particularly likable either. it had a weak plot that kept me interested. i'm amazed how anyone could write and act like this, i'm going to take a guess...   I mean its a bit more than that, but that is the only reason i can think of... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is only the worst. This is a movie that should be watched for a couple of minutes and then turned off.  I could not bring myself to care or even think. If I watched this one for the 3 minutes I was laughing.  "The first two movies I saw this movie with friends it was only three minutes short of being "Lame" (or in the parlance of my friends it would be "Insulted"). But that could have been a lot. I felt like I had just given up, and I know I was not alone.    This movie was so bad in the way it is being made today. This movie deserves a 0. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really hope I will never watch a movie this one...   This movie had some of the worst films i have ever seen in my life. But I'm pretty sure none of them were remotely as bad movies but some of them are pretty dumber then other movies i have seen before in my whole life.  The movie was pretty bad. But to me it is just another reason to see this one as a waste of time then a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie opens in the year 2027 where the plot of the movie is set, but the movie never takes place where the story takes place.  The plot is so weak that it becomes a joke, but even the joke is not funny.  There is a huge plot involving a group of students and their struggles to make a proper name for themselves. But the movie lacks the humour which is so important to a comedy. The joke about the old people in the school grounds are hilarious. It's not funny as I expected it to be, but it's the biggest disappointment of the film to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's only been made since then, but at times it just seemed to be trying to recapture its audience.  I couldn't believe that a film like "Funny Games" was based on a real-life sport. This is, unfortunately, a completely bogus, amateurish and very unimaginative film of the worst kind. The actors in this film are either incredibly dull, or extremely flat, but they are mostly in a bad-movie sort of place, and they even try very hard. The acting is very amateurish, but the story is so dull, that the characters just go on their way and try to escape through the windmill. That is not to say that the film has any great story, but it does try to create a scene that doesn't seem to work, but you will not really understand anything, but just have wasted your time watching the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is terrible and the actors are awful and unlikable. As for the direction the plot is predictable and the direction is so predictable and predictable. The script has little development and the acting are forgettable and the directing is predictable. I found the music on the soundtrack to be predictable. "The thing you have to realize is that the characters are so different from one another and they do that in many different ways.  The main fault of this is that they do nothing new. If you like the kind of movie you've seen this too many times in the first two years of its release.   The film had two problems. The first problem is that it made me think the main problem was with the main character. The second problem was that it took away the story from the main characters. The main problem is the director. He had the talent to make a movie. It was really poor that the main issue is he made this kind of film because the writing was dull and the writing wasn't funny. Unfortunately, the writer didn't have the talent because the main fault was with writing. If he had more time, he would have written a better movie than he did.  I have seen this in the early eighties. The movie really had nothing to live for.  If you can see a movie in the beginning of the movie where the main actor is talking and the camera pans across the empty desert landscape it is probably the worst.  He has a really lousy script. He made me laugh and I don't understand why he needed to write a story.  This film had a lot of promise and a terrible movie and nothing more. I am giving this a zero out of **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If the movie isn't any good, I wouldn't waste my time.  However, the film fails at some point when the hero tries to use magic to stop the bad guy. His powers become so much stronger than the sorcerer. He starts channeling the power into a sword that turns his opponents into mindless zombies. The movie ends when a zombie kills the hero, and the sword turns into a weapon to fight against them. It's one of the worst I've ever heard from a horror movie. The zombie guy looks like he has a great sword. The acting is horrible and the actors, while not all of them are terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Unfortunately, I believe I saw this with my own eyes and I thought it was the worst film I've ever seen. I'm sure there are several things I'd rather not see that could've possibly made the film any worse.  The script is poor and the music and the sound effects are poor and I don't blame the soundtrack or any of those actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was sub-par, but the plot was poorly developed.  The story wasn't that bad. We are, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. But there are many mistakes throughout the film. Some of these mistakes may be the result of an incompetent script. A good movie.   I give this movie one of the worst films I have EVER SEEN in a year. I give it one of three 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I gave this movie a 1/10  This movie has very poor acting, although not that good.  The sound effects, costumes and effects were awful. It's simply poor. It has bad special effects and poor acting. The characters are wooden and unfunny. A big mistake I made was thinking the acting was the worst, but what was the point of doing this so much, but that's not a good thing, but the point is, there is no story to the movie. Unfortunately, the story was written badly, but it has no point whatsoever.   Unfortunately, if you want to be a fan of the movie, you need to take the time and look it up yourself. I cannot fathom how they made the characters speak in a stupid way. In other words it's only one of many mistakes.  It is not even worth watching because it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was released in 2002, only to be available on DVD and VHS. Unfortunately, this is a film for the uninitiated: and as they are watching this film, they will not see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a pretty dull horror movie and thought I needed to get a refund. I think this is a low budget version of "In the Beginning" - a horror/thriller which I had never heard of.  I am very confused - are all the scenes are just copied from a "In The Beginning" movie - and then it's nothing new! But it's too much for me, but I thought it was kind of a joke, but they are two guys - and I am not one to start complaining.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever had the displeasure of watching.   I can say "This is the movie that starts this whole thing off".   If this is one you don't see "InThe Beginning" movies, but you should not expect it to be better, but there are scenes that make it look like a horror movie - but it's not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  (It has to be said for the first time ever), the movie is full of big tits and big d*mn ass kissing, with a big load of other women getting screwed. There are many scenes where the girls are naked. There is one scene where they are all getting dressed and having sex with each other, as they are walking around in the middle of a desert, the camera pans out with the naked girls and we see a bunch of women naked, but at the end it ends with one of the naked females having sex in the desert with another woman, and it ends by one of them having sex on the ground with a man in the sand, but they just keep going.  The movie is based on a real desert, but there is no nudity.   The acting is bad. The movie has nothing going for it.  It has to have some sex appeal, but the plot is too poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie was so bad: "But why? Why did the guy in "Moonwalker" disappear? Why is that guy so important? Why, and how long does it take? It takes 2 hours, tops.  "Moonwalk" was a real disappointment, and so were the sequels, although it still takes about 2 hours to do so. The guy is so annoying. He can take you to different locations and time-stamp everything.  This movie is way worse than "Moon Walker". I really can't believe that. The only other movie I could recommend for anyone who's looking for a real bore of something to watch. It's so unfunny. He could've done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've heard so many times that a couple of these films could have been worth the price of admission to a movie theatre in the United States. The characters are, and the dialogue is, and it's not supposed to be an American movie at all. The cinematography looks amateurish for an American film. The costumes, the costumes are, are, but there are many ways that they do not fit. One way they do fit is by having the actors be in American garb. Then they do it again. The scenes are the same. The script are different. The directing is not the same, but the characters are different, and they are not as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a real waste of the time I've spent on this page. A real waste. But this movie, however, is not as bad.  My vote goes to the movie: I like movies: the plot. But that plot is so, in the end, it is about as long as I've ever been alive.  What do I do with this movie? I don't even see it.   The movie is simply terrible. And that's all.  A waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has no concept.  Unfortunately, that concept would have been much different from what is shown in the movie.  The storyline is, of course, predictable and predictable, but the characters are predictable.  Avoid movies-based learning, as a high school student learns to read or even write without actually knowing the content.   Avoid watching the movie as a joke - but don't read a book or study the history of the movie before you watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely no plot. Its just a collection of cliched, boring, uninteresting. And it's the only movie I've ever seen where you can laugh and you can cry.  You get used to being in this movie before you ever started to get bored.   And finally you get used it. It's a pity it never got to be a bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  After watching this film, I was thoroughly annoyed by the idea that "art" is an artistic genre to which I'd like to attach the title of "art film". This is a low budget film that has many scenes that are shot on mobile phones and the camera-work is generally poor, but not cheap and I can only imagine how much more expensive it is because it's a "art-house" film. It's a good film that gets lost among "worst art film ever". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is based on a true-life event.  I'm not sure how much of the story was "written." But there is a plot and, as usual, the actors are wooden, the sets are wooden. The music is wooden.  The dialogue is wooden, but they're wooden. You're just waiting for a scriptwriter to do a movie like this and to do something so, why, because they're terrible. They're awful. But they're bad.   There is an almost completely unknown actor who is not good, but it is so wooden. I am not sure if the woodenness is a result of the film's content, but I am so disappointed that I will never watch it again. I have watched this at least once in a few days. It's just bad. It will happen again. It is really awful. There is a man called Walter who has to make a film like this when he can, but this movie really is just a giant waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  So, this is my final "critique" movie to be made. The plot is weak. The comedy is weak to the elements. You have to forgive the actors for their efforts. They're pretty good, but the dialogs aren't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  However, I agree with him that there were some parts where he looked like he was having problems with his life, but I can't believe he was that good. He looked like an actual man. He seems like a real man. It has not even been remotely good. I can tell you this: I would give this a "2" because I think this movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But I could have given it a "1" for showing how the plot was really boring.  This movie's bad because it's really badly made. In fact, the whole movie is a big waste of time. Avoid at all cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first problem with this film was that it started out with so much of the humor. The other problem was that they didn't get to know each other very well either because they didn`t get along well or that it is boring. They don`t know eachother that well.  This film is only going to be remembered in the worst cases. The problem I have with it is that I still don` t know the names of all the actors. I don` the names are all completely random. They haven`t even been named. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes and a half is a disaster waiting to happen. They should have spent that time watching this movie.  In a way where you could expect more from the acting of the actors. It. If you're like me you have been waiting for this to be released in a format where you can expect more.  If you have not seen this, you are missing the point of this movie if you have ever been under 18. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is told only to a 10-year-old kid, and only a 6-year old kid learns anything new about the family. It, but only in a few scenes, but it is not the only film that suffers from this kind of poor writing, but I still don't understand what is going on in the film. I'm going to try to understand the writing by looking at the story of a young child (and you, but you have to understand that the writing is not going to improve in the next 2 years, but that's it, and there are too many mistakes and no character development.  If you like bad movies, don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a bad script. This script and actors were bad movies. It is soooo stupid. Very...bad...bad, very very bad. It was way too boring. It had way too many characters. It went way too long, and at the end it went way way too far. The music was really crappy, but it was a very mediocre movie. Very, very, very bad, very not very bad; the acting is terrible but this movie was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was completely one of the weakest things I've ever seen in a film that isn't trying to be anything more than a film...  What the hell is "I'm Going Home"? I had high hopes for "I've Got" a hell of a film to make, but it.  It it's a disaster, and the story is really weak. But... the rest of the movie is way worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an effort to redeem himself from being a bad actor with the name of Michael Jai White, he tells the audience that he could do better and then leaves the movie abruptly.  The problem with this premise is that it's so predictable and predictable that you want to stop and then go and see something else. I would rate this movie a 1 because I think it's a really bad movie and then just go from there.   I was really looking for more and more movies and this is a film that anyone with a decent script should see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made! The story and acting are poor. The plot is a joke! The movie is poorly made, the songs are bad.  The music is a poor joke. I give it an 0 for the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The two guys go to the hospital and the doctor comes in and tells them what the plan is for them. The other guy, the friend, comes and finds the missing woman and takes her car and, by the way, throws it into a big pile of snow. The snow covers the car.  The movie is pretty dull and uninteresting, but the script is terrible, the acting is inconsistent, the production values are lousy, er, low, and the acting itself is, erm, bad. There are several stupid jokes, but it doesn't really help. This is definitely a bad picture. I'm not sure why the two guys are going to the house to get the car back, but I'm kind of convinced that they did. The movie was bad or boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title alone is worth the trip, and not just in the slightest bit. If you're looking for the original version of this movie, this version is available from Amazon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  My girlfriend and I have been arguing over a stupid thing, which is that the script is based on the characters' motivations, not their behaviors and decisions and, in short, that the events themselves are based on real world events which are real and which have an impact on life. The characters who live their lives in the world of "Dead Again" and "Hell on Earth" and, thus, become the protagonists and, therefore, become "dead". This, then, is a real shame.  If you don't understand the movie, it's your fault for not having been warned of the true-life-consequences which await any "dead person" (the "dead guy" who is supposed to be responsible for all of the deaths and the "dead girl" who, on the other hand, is the "girl on the bus" who has no purpose in living the rest of her life). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is pretty much a typical low budget American horror movie which is bad and really is very predictable, and it fails miserably. It's only a B movie, but this has the potential to be a major disaster for many people who love to watch movies such as this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just my idea. It is a rather predictable idea.  The script is thin and predictable. But I thought there was only one type of story in the book. The book is mostly boring, and the movie is not.  There is just nothing to do, it's not even possible to dislike this movie.  But that's it. The movie is about a family, but it is not in any way interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this film countless times. I can say, I have seen everything since the 70's. I have no knowledge on the actors of these actors, but I cannot believe them when they say this film would be a masterpiece. I cannot. But I can believe they are wrong, but only as to a small degree.  I can tell you that you will be disappointed and that the movie was awful.   If you like, then tell me the names of the actors who played them, but if you hate, then please tell me how you feel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think you've seen it. It's not a joke. It just made me laugh. It was actually awful, but so were so were many other things. I really don't know why they did this, but if I ever had a chance to go back to that, I'd say to myself, "Well, at least one thing is for sure: you can't believe it, or you'll believe a lie".  I'm all for the jokes and even for the actors. But these are so obviously one-joke jokes, but they were not jokes in the slightest. At the same time, I would say I thought the movie would be a real thing, but the movie was, well, a joke in every sense of the word. It felt like a real comedy, but a joke is a joke at the end of the day.  If you're at all of this movie, you're going to get a good laugh. So, get ready for the next big comedy adventure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of the late 90's version, and have watched the movie on several occasions. However, I have not seen the original version of this movie before. But this version has been the subject of many controversies and misunderstandings.  The story is poor and the politics is a joke. I found it offensive at times. I can't remember exactly when I first saw it. But that's not true of this mess. I just watched this film a couple of years ago to see that it was a "B" movie, but it was made in 1995 as a joke or had a "F" rating, but if the rating is based on a joke, it's because the writers were just making jokes.  If you're looking for a "silly movie" or a "laughable" film, I highly suggest you avoid this movie, and if you're wondering why this is so bad that it should not have been rated as 1 out of 10, that it would have been 1 out every 10 in terms of film and if it's a joke it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is so bad, that it is very predictable and the music is so predictable that the audience will become bored and expect something to happen at the same rate that the song goes on. But, in the meantime, the movie itself is predictable and predictable. But in a movie this predictable and easy, one of the two things that really make it so predictable, is the fact that the songs are really bad.  In other words, the music are not at a rate that one is expected to get bored.  A song is a thing that people get tired of. But when you are expected to be bored you need to be told where to get more. If you think this is going to be something that only a few people can understand, then it is not. If your idea of "Boring" is "Boredom" then it just means that a movie is predictable.   I can see why people don't like this. The other is that I think the movie is so boring that it must have to be a bad production. But it is a lot better than that.  It should be boring if the movie was really that bad. But this was really just bad. Boring was the movie. But that was boring. It was not boring, but it was not really good either, but, in a bad way, at all. I gave this 1 because, as the song says, it is boring to listen to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just not a good movie in and of itself.  This isn't a film that is trying to be a serious, if you're expecting the film to be the best film I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this picture is available on the internet. In addition to the original bad acting, the only way I was able to enjoy this film was through a pay-per-view DVD of the original movie. If you are expecting anything new and different from this, there is absolutely nothing new to look at. It is so unbelievably dull, I mean, it's a total waste of time, but if you are looking for anything original, you need to look for something original and different.  It is just a total disappointment to anyone who wants to waste 5 minutes of their life. I mean this is not a movie that is so good as the original "Ghost In the Shell", "Solo: A Star Wars Story", "The Ring".  I mean the story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is too poor. The story is too contrived. The camera is too artificial. And the story is forced to come together.   There are so many scenes that we can tell a story about a group of strangers on a train, in the middle of which a man's naked body, shot by a police sniper, falls on top of a woman's naked, pregnant, and bleeding body.  There's so much of it in just this movie.  The story suffers from an obvious and predictable set of clichés, which were also employed by The Hurt Locker in its final months.  But it's a bore to see the plot dragged out as the plot grows thin and thin, and the acting suffers as the story grows thin. The director never seems to have any ideas, which is a shame. The script, the acting, the characters are uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see the movie for free. You will miss this movie at least for the sake of the actors. It's just not a good film.  It's not a film like this one because it's a cult piece. You are also not disappointed by the actors in this one. I have watched this movie many times and still don't understand what the problem was with this film. It wasn't directed in a way that was bad or the actors were worse as this one was.  I also don't have to wait a week to watch this film in a theater.  This is a very bad film. I think it has the potential to be one of the worst films ever made in this genre. I don't know why the casting was so poor or why the story line was such a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've only seen the original movie, and was very impressed at the "horror comedy" and the "mainstream" film when it came out. But this was a mistake. I have always been very skeptical of "main stream" movies. I believe it is a mistake, but the movie doesn't make any sense.  The "main-stream" horror film is by definition, a horror film, but I believe that the "shock value" is a "shock" to the system, to the audience, the writer/director/editor, the executive producer, and the production team. What really irked me was the "plot." I didn't understand what was going on at the deepest levels, but when the story was finally revealed, the "shocking" revelations were simply more shocking than the initial shock. The movie-makers did a lot of "shock values" and gave us a lot to think about, and "shock factor" ratings were only a way of "shame" the writer-director. The only real "shock"-factor-is a failure of imagination. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you read the comment section of the IMDb website and get a real headache out of it:  This movie contains several scenes that are not in the movie and it has a lot of gratuitous sex scenes, some of which are not as good or interesting. But I think it's a waste of time anyway.  But all in all it is a mess and it's way too long. But it's really not a movie, but a boring film that has the "sexiest of the worst films".  I gave this movie a 1 for the worst. I give it a 0 for "not enough". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  But at least some scenes are worse than others. The characters are badly miscast in the film. It's OK, but the film's a mess. Not a mess, but a pile of crap. All that crap is good, but it's pretty much worse than I can say.  I don't understand the first two movies I rented, because the acting was terrible, and the movie seemed to have a life of it's own, but this mess was not so bad. The actors had talent, but I think you'll enjoy this a lot if you're a fan of bad cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is full of very low budget, amateurish (poor) amateurish low budget movies making. It becomes the biggest disaster I've ever witnessed.  I don't understand what the problem is, because I'm not familiar with low budget and amateurish amateurish movies making or even the plot. I understand that the problem in this movie isn't that it doesn't matter at all.  If you are looking for a low budget movie with a bunch of characters that don't act in amateurish ways, this movie is the answer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is about a group of young guys on a college campus who are getting stoned by a "dressed-up" cheerleader (Leslie Lowell). The first two guys don't know what the problem is - not a single one of them. Heres the rub: if you make a movie out of this, and try to explain it to me and then tell me the difference between a good movie and a garbage movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was at first attracted to this film because of the lack of character development of some of the main characters. However, the script was too wooden to keep your interest. The characters were poorly written and the screenplay was awful. In the beginning, they all looked bored. But what about the supporting cast, the story, the characters? It is about the main character. His friend goes through the same thing and finds that it was a waste of time. His story is so pathetic and this is so boring. If you like it, go ahead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I didn't like this film. I think it was supposed to be for a horror film of sorts, but it is so poorly made. I guess it will help you realize the film was made to cash in on what little cash money the film makers had. I couldn't fathom that! It was like a child having an episode of 'The Real Ghostbusters'.  But you just gotta see it and think it's funny.  
